Homemade Pickled Ginger (Gari)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/100008/homemade-pickled-ginger-gari/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cut ginger into chunks. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place in a bowl, sprinkle with sea salt, and stir to coat. Let stand for about 30 minutes, then transfer to a clean lidded jar. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir together rice vinegar and sugar in a saucepan until sugar has dissolved. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bring to a boil, then pour the boiling liquid over ginger root pieces in the jar. otdash Meredith Food Studio Allow the mixture to cool, then seal the jar. After a few minutes, the liquid may change to a slightly pinkish color; don't be alarmed. Store in the refrigerator for at least 1 week. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cut pieces of ginger into paper-thin slices for serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio
It is nice to know how to make our own pickled ginger. I sliced the ginger thin when it was raw, then added it to the boiling vinegar mixture and simmered it for about 5 minutes. I then put it in to the jar, cooled it, and stored in the refridgerator. We used it the same day with our sushi...perfect! I love pickled ginger - it adds a little spice to an otherwise boring lunch. This is a great way to make and use more ginger in your cooking. A great recipe so simple but so tasty. My favorite is in a salad it really lifts a salad . Easy recipe.. yes followed instructions. A tip I picked up from a nutritionist. Ginger slices easier when frozen. If you have trouble. And slice before pickling I rinsed off the ginger to reduce saltiness used 1/4 cup sugarAdded tangelo zest and juiceI think it will be amazingly delicious It is way too salty! I followed the recipe perfectly! Can someone tell me WHY it's  so salty? I love ginger Gari & eat it all the time so, I had the idea of making it. However... it is so salty! Taste great at first then once you swallow you get hit with the salt! My whole family has agreed with this sad outcome 😔 any help would be greatly appreciated 🙏 Yes cider vinegar less sugar salt perfect ate immediately. Will make my own from this day forward Waiting a week to try but all jars are sealed and we sliced thin
