Iced Pumpkin Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/10033/iced-pumpkin-cookies/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease two cookie sheets. llrecipes/Diana Chistrug To make the cookies: Combine flour, cinnamon, baking powder, baking soda, nutmeg, cloves, and salt in a medium bowl. llrecipes/Diana Chistrug Cream together sugar and butter in a mixing bowl until fluffy, 2 to 3 minutes. Add pumpkin, egg, and vanilla; beat until creamy. Mix in flour mixture until combined. llrecipes/Diana Chistrug Drop tablespoonfuls of dough onto the prepared cookie sheets; flatten slightly. llrecipes/Diana Chistrug Bake in the preheated oven until centers are set, 15 to 20 minutes, switching racks halfway through. Transfer cookies to a wire rack to cool to room temperature, about 30 minutes. llrecipes/Diana Chistrug Meanwhile, make the icing: Stir together confectioners' sugar, milk, butter, and vanilla in a bowl until smooth. Add milk as needed, to achieve drizzling consistency. llrecipes/Diana Chistrug Drizzle icing over cooled cookies with a fork. llrecipes/Diana Chistrug
These cookies are superb. Soft and cakelike, not at all dense or sticky. The take on a beautiful shape while baking. I replaced 1/2 cup of the white sugar with light brown sugar and used 1 1/2 teaspoons of cinnamon and 1 1/2 teaspoons of pumpkin pie spice instead of the spices listed (what I happened to have on hand). Try adding a little cinnamon to the icing--it looks beautiful. So good! Thanks for the recipe! They were delicious.  I made them 2 days ago. As others suggested, I increased the spices a little bit and I'm glad i did. I put the mixture in the refrigerator for a couple of hours to allow it to hardened some. I love the way they turned out like a soft muffins. They are definitely a keeper. I forgot to say that I used cream cheese frosting on them. We love them! I used a qtr t. more salt and a bit more cinnamon. All else exact. Perfect for those who don't want a too sweet cookie. These are so good, just wish the recipe was in grams. Very good cookies. Fabulous cookie! Wife loves them, so it’s a keeper. The recipe looked delicious, but they turned out even better than I imagined! Recipe has definitely been saved to my favorites. THANK YOU! These iced pumpkin cookies are soft and moist with just the right amount of warm spices. The sweet glaze on top makes them absolutely irresistible! I always add more spices than called for, other than that they were great, Thanks! Reduced sugar to 2/3 cup (brown sugar), boosted spices a bit, used only 1 cup flour and added 1-1/2 c rolled oats, used veg margarine instead of butter. For glaze, 2/3 c icing sugar, 1/2 tsp cinnamon and about 1 Tbsp tepid water
