Hoot Owl Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/10047/hoot-owl-cookies/
Cream butter and sugar until fluffy. Beat in egg and vanilla. Add baking powder and salt. Beat well. Add flour and mix until blended. Remove 2/3 of dough. Roll or pat dough out to form two 10 x 4 inch rectangles. Add cocoa to remaining 1/3 of dough. Mix until blended. Shape chocolate dough into two 10 inch long rolls. Place on rectangle and roll plain dough to cover chocolate dough completely, not including ends. Wrap in plastic wrap and chill at least 2 hours. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (180 degrees C). Cut dough into 1/8 inch slices with a sharp knife. Place two slices side by side on a cookie sheet to resemble an owl's face. Pinch upper "corners" to resemble ears. Put chocolate chips in each dark circle for eyes and a cashew in the center for the beak. Bake for 8 to 12 minutes in the preheated oven, or until lightly browned.
Thank you! Thank you! I was first introduced to this recipe when I was in a homemaking class in 8th grade. Over the years (almost 50) I lost this recipe so it was great to find this one. I changed the sugar to 1/2 cup brown and 1/2 cup white and chilled in the freezer for a couple of hours. They don't have to be exactly round--the shape gives them a little character. They taste good and look just darling! Thanks again! I made it for little kid cause' they love owls. Had to set in fridge overnight, but delicious and adorable! Definitely an amazing cookie to make again! (used almonds for beaks and milk chocolate for eyes) this was so much fun to make when I was babysitting three girls 10, 6, and 4. They are super easy to make and each one has their own personowlities when they come out of the oven. my sister is allergic to peanuts so I used sliced almonds instead for the beaks which worked great. they were so yummy and cute and I will definitely make them again when I need a creative, kid-friendly dessert. thx for sharing the great idea!! Great Halloween recipe. Overall very easy to make.  Kides love them. I certainly will make them again.  Easy and really fun cookies Easy to make and were a huge hit with my Mah Jongg ladies. The only change I made was using whole cashews for the "beaks". I can't wait to make these with my grandchildren! So cute and tasty easy too!  The instructions made these easy to make. The dough was too soft to roll and mold into shape even after it was refrigerated overnight. Tasted great but didn’t look as good. Next time I will try adding more flour. So cute! They taste amazing and look amazing. Super! My son loved it. I followed the recipe, except for using white chocolate chips for the beaks and sugar balls for the eyes. The dough was easy to work with and they are perfect to look at! The only note to myself for the future would be to make double batches... a single batch of owls doesn't seem nearly enough! Update: I've made double batches twice now. The first time I doubled everything, including the egg and ended up with a very sticky dough that didn't set even after hours in the fridge. The latest time, I doubled all other ingredients, but used only one egg. The consistency was perfect! Had to add about a tablespoon of milk to the cocoa dough, otherwise it was too dry. But otherwise fine.
