Persimmon Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/10043/persimmon-cookies-i/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (180 degrees C). Grease cookie sheets. Place persimmon pulp in a small bowl; stir in baking soda until dissolved and set aside. Sift flour, cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg, and salt into a large bowl; set aside. Beat sugar and butter with an electric mixer in a separate large bowl until smooth. Beat in egg and persimmon mixture; add flour mixture and stir until just combined. Fold in raisins and walnuts. Drop spoonfuls of dough 2 inches apart onto the prepared baking sheets. Bake in the preheated oven until edges are golden, about 15 minutes. Cool on the baking sheet briefly before removing to a wire rack to cool completely.
Since I found it, this has become my family's favorite cookie recipe! I like to add butterscotch chips instead of walnuts for those who don't like nuts in their cookies. What wonderful cookies! I love these. This year I did a variation with no nuts and swapped the raisins for dried pineapple. They came out fabulous. Absolute amazing cookies one of the best I have ever made the whole family loves them. i love this recipe; i did make a change.  I chopped up dried dates in place of rasins.  i dusted the dates in a little flour to coat them and help them to separate each piece. Awesome recipe!  Followed as directed except used craisins vs raisins.  My oven runs hot, they were done in 9 minutes.  Thanks for sharing, just a warm, fun delicious taste.  I used Fuyu variety persimmons and used 7/8 Cup of puree.  The pureed paste was dry so I added orange juice in the blender to get a pouable puree.  Thanks for sharing! We love these! How did they turn out so fluffy!? I used 1 Cup fresh Fuyu Persimmon purée and dried Jujube pieces instead of raisins and walnuts. This is like Pumpkin Spice meets Gingerbread. Just amazing. Thank you! excellent I used yeast instead of baking soda and oil instead of butter. Turned out really good, me and my husband liked it too, though we are not really cookie persons. But we just harvested our persimmon and had to be creative with it. Fast and easy to make, I recommend for beginners as well! Great recipe, thank you! I used 3/4 of a cup of persimmon pulp and it works great. Holiday favorite during Christmas!
