Best Soft Christmas Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/10110/soft-christmas-cookies/
Gather all ingredients. LLRECIPES / BAHAREH NAIT Sift flour, baking powder, and salt together in a medium bowl; set aside. LLRECIPES / BAHAREH NAIT Beat sugar and margarine in a large bowl with an electric mixer until smooth. Wrap dough; chill in the refrigerator for 2 hours. Beat first egg into butter mixture. Beat second egg into mixture along with vanilla extract; add flour mixture and stir until dough is just combined. LLRECIPES / BAHAREH NAIT Wrap dough; chill in the refrigerator for 2 hours. LLRECIPES / BAHAREH NAIT Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Grease two cookie sheets. LLRECIPES / BAHAREH NAIT Roll out dough on a clean floured surface to 1/4-inch thickness. Cut out shapes using cookie cutters; arrange them on the prepared cookie sheets. Gather scraps and repeat this step. LLRECIPES / BAHAREH NAIT Bake in batches in the preheated oven until edges are golden, about 6 to 8 minutes. Cool on the baking sheet briefly before removing to a wire rack to cool completely. LLRECIPES / BAHAREH NAIT Serve and enjoy! LLRECIPES / BAHAREH NAIT
WONDERFUL! For a perfect, soft sugar cookie, the following small modifications will get you there...use butter instead of marg, and melt it over the stove. It helps to dissolve the sugar, and to help sugars and butters cream better. Use only 3 cups flour. Finally, oven temp at 350 and baking cookies for 8-10 minutes keeps it soft. Lining with parchment paper also helps. Keep an eye out...they will seem too pale to remove from the oven, but just when the center doesn't look "wet" anymore, it is done. They still bake for 2 or so minutes, so they will darken up a little and be perfect. FYI--when rolling these out, keep the dough nice and thick...the cookie will be crisp (still good)if it is too thin. Love it! Will try again!! Made these a few times now. The first time i made them perfect. Sometimes i cant get it right lol I would roll balls of dough in sugar before flattening & baking. Dough was so crumbly, would not hold together. Tossed the rest of the dough after baking two sheets of rolled/cutout cookies. I haven't gotten to the taste yet but I couldn't roll it out because it was so dry and crumbly. Used milk. Love these!! They turned out really soft and delicious. When I watched the video, the instructions were different from what was written down on the steps. But I just followed the step-by-step instructions, and they turned out great. I also used regular butter softened instead of margarine. This recipe is great really recommend My whole family loves them.❤️ So, I'm not a very strong baker and realized I wasn't supposed to deem sugar a "dry" ingredient, so I put it in with the flour, etc. I then mixed the eggs, butter and vanilla and dumped in all the "dry" ingredients to that to mix and the cookies turned out just fine! Love them, easy to make but I think a little less flour. I found hard to roll out because they were a bit too dry Recipe was a nightmare, after 3 cups of flour the dough was already so dry it was crumbling apart, had to add a bit of milk to save it. 3 and 3/4 cups of flour is insane!
