Blonde Brownies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/10177/blonde-brownies-i/
Gather the ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (180 degrees C). Grease a 9x9-inch baking pan. Sift together sifted flour, baking powder, salt, and baking soda in a medium bowl. Stir in chopped nuts; set aside. Mix brown sugar and melted butter in a large bowl until combined; cool slightly. Stir beaten egg and vanilla into brown sugar mixture. Add flour mixture, a little at a time, mixing just until combined. Spread batter into the prepared baking pan. Sprinkle chocolate chips on top. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes. rance 
HELPFUL TIPS NOT MENTIONED: I've been on a brownie rampage for the past month,and have made 10 recipes! THIS is the only one that consistency comes out the same!!!! What's best about it is, ...there aren't 100 reviews changing how to do it b/c it's good as is! What's not mentioned is, the exact same recipe (taste, chewy, big) is on here, but in cookie form!!! How wonderful is that esp. if you love this recipe like my family and husbands soldiers we send this to do?! You can find it under "Best Big, Fat, Chewy Chocolate Chip Cookie" ...the title is exactly how they always turn out. I love this in brownie AND cookie form, so try both!!! Also, I prefer the chocolate chips to be mixed IN instead of on top, but it's all about preference! It would be overkill to add more than recommended though. When I double the recipe, I still only put a heaping 2/3 C of cc, and it's MORE than enough. TWICE I have won best chocolate chip cookie on our military base due to this recipe. These turned out perfectly!  I doubled the recipe except for salt, chips, and sugar.  I used 1 1/2c. Light brown sugar and 1/3c. Bourbon-infused maple syrup.  I mixed in finely-chopped pecans and walnuts, and the chocolate chips were 60% cocoa dark chips.  Baked in an 8x12 ceramic pan using parchment paper for 28 minutes in an induction oven.  They were a hit!  Moist, nicely-browned, delicious! I made these the other day and again today, the last time I made them my boyfriend ate them all, he really loved them, I made them for him and his parents, hopefully the parents get some this time! If you want a more caramelized and chewy result, use Country Crock for butter sub and DARK brown sugar.For more of a chocolate chip cookie brownie use unsalted butter and LIGHT brown sugar. BOTH ARE DELICIOUS but completely different tastes and textures. It's a great recipe but I don't think it was quite what I was looking for. They turned out like chocolate chip cookie bars more than the Blondie I was craving. Also, I think that the pan size is way too big for this recipe, I doubled it and they still turned out a bit thin, maybe an 8 × 8 would work better??
