Classic Peanut Butter Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/10275/classic-peanut-butter-cookies/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Beat butter, peanut butter, white sugar, and brown sugar with an electric mixer in a large bowl until smooth; beat in eggs. otdash Meredith Food Studio Sift flour, baking soda, baking powder, and salt into a separate bowl; stir into butter mixture until dough is just combined. Chill cookie dough in the refrigerator for 1 hour to make it easier to work with. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Roll dough into 1-inch balls and place 2 inches apart onto ungreased baking sheets. Flatten each ball with a fork, making a crisscross pattern. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until edges are golden, about 7 to 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cool on the baking sheets briefly before removing to a wire rack to cool completely.
Thank you Shirley! This is a fabulous recipe. After reading some very helpful comments, I made a few minor changes. Increased peanut butter to 1 1/2 cups, added an additional 1/4 cup flour, baked at 350 degrees for 9-10 minutes. After forming the dough into balls, I dipped them in sugar and with sugar side up, gently created a criss-cross pattern on top. The cookies are well balanced--crispy edges, chewy centers. Delicate peanut butter flavor. My whole family loved them!! Very good. As recomended in the reviews I doubled on the peanut butter added a splash of vanilla and 1/3 cup extra of flour. Reminds me of my grandmothers recipe. I lost that recipe. This one is a keeper.thank you Shirley! The recipe came together easily. I used natural crunchy peanut butter (so no added sugar) and I feel that tempered the sugar nicely. I also added more than 1 C of peanut butter - more like 1&1/3C- not as strategic baking move but because I just wanted to finish off the jar.They came out great! They aren’t what I would call crunchy but they are light and crisp. I think next time I may use extra crunchy PB or maybe add in some chopped peanuts just for added crunch and peanut flavor as a personal preference. Otherwise great recipe - thank you! These cookies are great! I can't stop eating them. I didn't have crunchy peanut butter so I use plain and put crushed peanuts in the batter. I followed Natalie66 recipe: 1 1/2 c peanut butter and 2 3/4 cups flour. I rolled in medium-sized balls and dipped in sugar. Criss cross tops with fork and baked in 375 degree oven for 8-10 minutes. Take out while still a little gooey as they will crisp up while cooling. Perfect crispy chewy goodness. Thank you, all! 1/4 cup of butter and 3/4 cup of coconut oil. 1/2 cup white sugar and 1/2 cup brown sugar. Add 3/4 cup chocolate chips. Make into larger balls of dough to bake, to keep moister :) They are very good, but I added my own twist and put chocolate chips. I made four dozens with the correct amount of everything, instead of two. Would make again I made it exactly as is had no problem I did leave them in the fridge longer than one hour added 1 tsp of vanilla halved the recipe and added 1 cup chocolate chips to the other half!! Im keeping this recipe hubby loved them OH I also decreased the temp to 350 for more evenly cooking!! great recipe I will use many times Halloween 2014 I took my 6 children trick or treating. When we got to the house I realized how much candy we had gotten :-( it didnt look so good....we had so much candy we filled 2 medium size duffle bags. I knew this wasnt right I searched for places to donate candy to, when the greatest ideal came to me.....I can use the chocolate to make cookies. I found this recipe and BOY I'm glad I did! I did add the 1/4 flour and extra peanut butter. I crushed up all the chocolate and poured it in after I shifted my dry ingredients. Scared not knowing what the cookies would taste like considering it was all types of chocolate candy (Reeses, Hersey, cookie and cream hershey, paydays, snickers, kitkats, 3 musketeers, babe Ruths, m&ms etc) I just wasn't sure if it would come out right. The cookies were wonderful! They came out HUGE and soft! !! My children loved them and I got rid of a half of bag of candy :-). Note I have an Electric stove so I baked on 350 for 9-10 mins. Oh yeah the next day I uses the left over batter and brewers yeast and fennel seed to the batch and made lactation cookies and they turned out great! Im really happy I found this recipe. These were so yummy! Wanted cookies as a late night snack and peanut butter was the only thing I had. I didn't have brown sugar so I just added the white sugar plus 1/4, nor did I have baking butter, so was surprised how good these still came out. I made them with freshly ground peanut butter where you grind it up at the store. My family ate them all up in two days. I did follow,DENIELLE2's advise on adding 1/4 more flour and 1/4 more peanut butter. Which made them more softer/chewier. I was going to do JENNIFERC77's advise but didn't have that much peanut butter. I'm going to make these my go to peanut butter cookies. Thumbs up from all 3 kids! I was out of all-purpose flour so I used self rising (deleting salt, baking powder, and baking soda). I also followed some others modifications and added another 1/4 cup of peanut butter. They turned out just fine.I made the cookies again and used all purpose flour and did not add any extra peanut butter, and they were delicious! I made these for thanksgiving. They spread SO MUCH! I rolled these things absolutely minuscule, smaller than an inch in diameter. They were so sticky, I had to grease my fork to do the criss cross, and that’s after 1 1/2 hours in the fridge. I admit, that may have contributed to the spreading, but when I pulled them out of the oven, they were very puffy and large. I thought, ‘well, they may have spread over the whole sheet, but at least they’re thick!’ NO! They deflated to about two centimetres tall MAX! And what was once less than an inch in diameter expanded to bigger than my palm! The criss cross design was completely gone.However, they taste delicious! The crunchy peanut butter adds a texture I didn’t know I needed! I added a splash of vanilla extract and about 1/2 tsp of cocoa powder. I think next time I’ll add more flour. I baked for 10 minutes, and they came out soft and chewy in the middle with a crunchy border.EDIT: This recipe is a copy of one found on the label of “Kraft Heinz Crunchy peanut butter”, with a few twists such as a changed amount of baking soda, and chilling the dough. Other than that, it is the same. No where here does it say that the recipe is from Kraft. If this is just a coincidence, my apologies for causing confusion. This is a great recipe.  I substitute sunflower butter for allergy reasons & even people who can have peanuts say they taste just as good.  They always come out soft! I have made these several times, I LOVE THESE, the only thing I do different is add white chocolate or milk chocolate chips and about a teaspoon and a half of vanilla, PERFECT peanut butter cookie!! The flavor is amazing. A good balance of sweet and salty. I do wish they were a little softer. The came out a bit crunchy, but they're still delicious. Family loved, I just use salted butter( 2 sticks). I also put in 2 tsp. Vanilla and I add chocolate chips and walnuts.  Mmmm.  With or without extras delicious cookie!!! Added bag pb chips and lb. of bacon grandkids and coworkers luv ✌️
