Old German Honey Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/10352/old-german-honey-cookies/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Melt together sugar, shortening, and honey in a saucepan over low heat. Let cool. Mix together eggs, vanilla, baking soda, and ginger. Gradually add to cooled honey mixture. Slowly add flour to mixture. Stir until well blended. Drop by teaspoonfuls onto cookie sheets about 2 inches apart. Bake in the preheated oven until golden, 12 to 15 minutes.
My daughter made this for her Germany Culture Project for school. I didn't expect them to come out so well. These were great. I'll keep this recipe and use it again! These were not bland at all. She cooked them for only 11 minutes and came out perfect. I remember my grandmother making German honey cookies so I decided to try these. They were close to hers. Comments said there wasn't much flavor. I used local raw honey which has more flavor then pasteurized honey. Added 1 1/2t cinnamon and a little more ginger. I did put the dough in the fridge for 2 hours before baking. They turn out ok. These were easy to make and tasted great! I personally added a sprinkling of cinnamon and sugar on top of each cookie. I would definitely make these again! Very easy to make. Definitely use a sauce pan and not a frypan. I like that it’s simple and has few ingredients. I read the reviews before baking and increased the ginger and vanilla to 1 1/2 teaspoons each. I decreased baking time to 11 minutes and greased my cookie sheet. They came out perfect and taste lovely. Adding this recipe to my book. Really good, soft cookie. I will probably add half tsp more ginger, maybe dash of cinnamon. Great cookie! I made these for a cookie swap. My first batch did not come out well but I liked the taste so I tweaked it to make it work. I added 1t cinnamon to Step 2. I put the batter in the fridge for about 2 hours before cooking. Then rolled balls and rolled balls in sugar putting on cookie sheet (using parchment paper) and pushed balls slightly down. I also added powered sugar after cooling Nice soft cookie with good honey flavor. I just took them out of the oven,  my granddaughter loves them, very sweet. It tastes like a soft cake-like Nilla Wafer! So making this again! Easy to make! Very little flavor. Not worth the effort or calories. I tried this recipe today.I won’t make it again. I couldn’t get it to taste right no matter what I tried. Amazing recipe my family loved it but I had to add it a little more of flour I followed the recipe exactly. I thought it was very bland;  I will not make it again, nor do I recommend it. First time making cookies at all and I have to say, the recipe is easy to do and the result is surprising, I even altered the recipe and it still came out right, going full honey no sugar and all butter no shortening, added a little more powdered ginger and vanilla extract, the result was delicious, if a tad too sweet for my taste. I still definitely recommend it.
