Seafood Risotto
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/103898/lemon-seafood-risotto/
Heat olive oil in a large, heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium-low heat. Add leek and garlic; cook and stir until soft, about 5 minutes. Add rice and cook for 5 minutes more, stirring frequently. Pour in 1 1/2 cups chicken broth and bring to a boil over high heat, stirring occasionally. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer, uncovered, for 5 minutes, continuing to stir occasionally. Pour in remaining chicken broth and wine; increase heat to medium and cook for about 5 more minutes, stirring constantly. Add scallops, shrimp, peas, and red pepper. Cook, stirring constantly, until remaining liquid is almost absorbed and seafood has cooked, about 5 minutes. When rice is just tender and slightly creamy, season with Parmesan cheese, basil, lemon juice, and pepper.
good and refreshing flavor. Hubby found it a little too sour, so next time I'll only use about half the lemon juice. Also didn't use scallop, which I think would've given it a more complex flavor. Unfortunately I have developed an allergy to shrimp and other shellfish. So I need to let shrimp go for at least a few years. I did like this, and seems like it would work with a couple of tweaks. First run though was a bit bland. Hopefully I'll return to try again at a later date. Delicious I followed it to the tee. I added the warmed liquid 1/2 c at a time and stirred frequently.  It was delicious!!   1/6/21 This is a very delicious recipe and I have made it several times This was a great dish!  Afterwards we thought it could use More Lemon. We also 1/2 an onion and frozen peas that were defrosted in the microwave. We did toss in mussel meat, which we wouldn’t do again. Perfectly balanced as written So I tweeted it a bit.  I used 1/4 cup of wine and a combination of seafood stock and vegetable broth.  I didn’t add snow peas because my husband is not a fan and I used a whole pound of both scallops and shrimp! I followed 2 pieces of advice from the other reviewers.  I did not add the whole amount of lemon at once, tasting to see if it needed more.  We added half and then just a little more.  We also did break up the amount of broth and wine to 4 segments, as advised.  Turned out great. delicious Next time I will add a little sea salt to it, otherwise it was a great dish!
