The Best Rolled Sugar Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/10402/the-best-rolled-sugar-cookies/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Beat sugar and softened butter together in a large bowl with an electric mixer until smooth. otdash Meredith Food Studio Beat in eggs and vanilla. Stir in flour, baking powder, and salt. Cover, and chill dough for at least 1 hour (or overnight). otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Lightly dust a work surface with flour. Roll out dough to 1/4 to 1/2 inch thickness. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cut into shapes with any cookie cutter. Place cookies 1 inch apart on ungreased baking sheets. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until cookies are lightly browned, 6 to 8 minutes. Carefully transfer cookies to a wire rack and cool completely before decorating. otdash Meredith Food Studio Enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO
This recipe is excellent for its purpose of rolling and cutting cookies...i tried another sugar cookie recipe and hated it...it didnt roll and cut as well and the cookies were flat and crispy...i always come back to this one...this year i made ghosts for my son's halloween party/parade and a friend of my daughter's birthday is on halloween so i made him a cookie bouquet using this recipe....these cookies make GREAT cookie bouquets...I add an additional cup of sugar and tsp of vanilla and my family liked them a LOT better...it didnt seem to affect the way they cooked either so that was good...this is still the best sugar cookie recipe ever for cutting out shapes and making cookie bouquets!! NOTE: i live in south florida where the heat and humidity is high - i always add between 1/4 - 1/2 cup more flour to all my cookie recipes Another NOTE: ....the dough, as you're rolling this particular recipe out does tend to be sticky ....simply keep dusting it with powdered sugar and you can continue to work with it...while adding additional flavor...Thanks! Easy and they came out great!   Will keep this recipe as my new go-to! This is the best recipe I’ve tried yet! And is perfect for my family! Although you should probably add 4 1/2 instead of 5 cups of flour. Where is the baking temperature? Am I dense? This recipe brought me back to when my mom made sugar cookies. Great thinking back This is literally the only cookie recipe I will use! Thank you for sharing I made this recipe because my grandmother's cut out cookie recipe calls for shortening  and sour cream. Trying to find a recipe that doesn't use shortening. These cookies taste great! Thanks for the recipe! I have used this recipe for many years . It's perfect for all holidays, rolls out perfect , it's not to soft or to crisp . The perfect cookie to decorate and everyone always loves them .I also used to make several batches for my girls to invite their friends over for a cookie decorating Halloween  party.  So fun to watch them decorate and have fun . I have made this recipe so many times, as it is a family favorite. I do add an extra cup of sugar (yum) and freeze the dough overnight before thawing it out and then baking. Butter cream icing on top and it’s perfect
