Italian Wedding Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/10431/italian-wedding-cookies-iii/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Place butter, 3/4 cup confectioners' sugar, and salt in a large bowl; beat with an electric mixer until smooth and creamy, about 2 to 3 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix in ground almonds and vanilla. otdash Meredith Food Studio Blend in flour gradually until well-combined. otdash Meredith Food Studio Shape into balls (or crescents) using about 1 teaspoon for each cookie; place 1 inch apart on ungreased cookie sheets. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until just browned, 15 to 20 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Let sit until slightly cooled, about 15 minutes. Roll cookies in remaining confectioners' sugar. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I took everyone's feedback here on the first try and used salted butter with no more salt added (surely the amount shown is a typo?). I also decided that with the almonds and the heavy dose of vanilla called for in this recipe that I would make either true "almond crescents," which is a popular cookie, or true wedding cookies. So, I used only 1 tsp. of vanilla and 3 tsp. almond extract. I could not grind the almonds finely enough, however,so the texture of the final result was a bit too rubbery and bumpy with almond bits easily noticeable and getting stuck in teeth (at least mine), but this was probably my own fault. I'm sure that finely ground almonds would have enhanced my results (can you buy finely ground almonds? I cannot imagine grinding these by hand or machine such that they would truly be fine enough...the almond is very moist).The flavor of these cookies was marvelous! Everyone liked them. Since I bake cookies almost exclusively as my Christmas gifts, I appreciated the larger quanitity produced from this recipe than most others I see. So,a hit for this year means a tradition next year. Think I'll try them with ONLY the vanilla and pecans next Christmas (in addition to the almond crescents again). Thanks for a nice recipe. Just like my grandma's!  Delish. I was looking for a substitute for what my family refers to as “Snowballs” as my husband hasn’t been able yo eat our traditional recipe the last few years due to the chopped walnuts they contained. These were very good. I mixed them up the day before and my 4 year-old granddaughter helped me roll them in powdered sugar. I made half the recipe exactly except used 2 tsp vanilla and 1/2 tsp almond. I thought I would get 40 but we only got 29. I must have made them bigger but we enjoyed them! Next time I will do the full recipe and try the almond crescents another viewer suggested. Thank you! This was a very easy recipe, and they were absolutely delicious! My new favorite for sure! I used crushed pecans and they were extra good! I use pecans instead of almonds (personal and family preference). I have also added mini chocolate chips (1/2 c. mini chocolate chips, 1 c. finely chopped pecans). Amazing! I added 2 cups of almond flour and didn't use all 3 cups of regular flour, just 1 cup. Cookies came out light and soft, and crambling right in your mouth. Why did my cookies flatten when I baked them and fall apart when I powdered them at the end?Tasted good, just didn’t look good and crumbled Super simple and quick! We prefer pecans, that is the only change I made to the recipe. I have made this recipe for years and for some reason they would not hold together when rolling into ball. Anyone have any ideas as to why? My new favorite cookie recipe. Loved the recipe just as written.
