Whole Wheat Blueberry Pancakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/104894/whole-wheat-blueberry-pancakes/
Sift flour and baking powder together into a bowl, set aside. Beat milk, egg, artificial sweetener, and salt together in a bowl; stir in flour mixture until just moistened. Add blueberries; stir to combine. Heat a heavy-bottomed skillet over medium heat; coat with cooking spray. Drop batter by 1/4 cupfuls onto skillet and cook until bubbles form, about 1 1/2 minutes. Flip and continue cooking until golden brown. Repeat with remaining batter.
I lost my 100% whole wheat pancake recipe and tried this one. What a wonderful surprise. My son and husband sucked them up and I had to make another batch. I always double it now and use a 1/3 cup batter per pancake. My alterations: All organic ingredients, 3 tablespoons sugar instead of 2, and brown sugar instead of the substitute. Ive made them several times and the recipe proportions are great. As is, you will have a bouncy, very thick pancake. Sometimes the family wants thin pancakes and I add 1/4 cup milk (for base recipe- double this for a double recipe). My recommendation is to use fresh ground flour! Use soft wheat berries. We love this recipe better than my old one! So fast! So simple!  Just YUM 😋Add a touch more milk for thinner pancakes. Easy to follow, but the pancakes probably needed more sweetener to stand on their own. Not gonna knock the recipe because I probably screwed that up! Very good!😋 I tried making these and they turned out great! A bit dense but the blueberries pop in your mouth with each bite!One thing I recommend doing is not mixing the blueberries in with the batter, but pouring your pancake on the pan and adding your blueberries on top! Super easy to make and fluffy. I’m going to mix 1/2white and 1/2 wheat next time. Nice recipe! For fluffier pancakes, separate the egg whites and beat them into soft peaks. Then fold that into the batter. This is a keeper.. I must admit I wasn't expecting something that sounds so healthy to taste so good. I used unsweetened almond milk. I just kept pouring until the batter was the right consistency. I will also use a little less sweetener next time. I found 1 tbsp a bit much. Maybe 2 tsp. Excellent! Light and fluffy. Its a great base recipe. I like to spice things up a bit. Because its whole wheat, I added some vegetable oil. I've also added sugar, cinnamon, and a splash of  amaretto as my flavoring. Adjust to your taste. Then topped it off with some additional blueberries and bananas! Cheers from the Caribbean! These pancakes were a little on the bitter side for my taste. They are hearty and turn out nice, but the flavor didn't win me over. I think the whole wheat with the 2 tsp of baking powder might be the issue . So as a base recipe I would recommend trying it and tweaking to your preferences. I would suggest adding vanilla and more sugar/sweetener.
