Black Bean and Corn Quesadillas
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/104850/black-bean-and-corn-quesadillas/
Heat olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Cook and stir onion in hot oil until softened, about 2 minutes. Stir in beans and corn, then add salsa, brown sugar, and red pepper flakes; mix well. Cook until heated through, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat. Melt about 1 ½ teaspoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Place a tortilla in the skillet. Sprinkle with ¼ of the Monterey Jack cheese, then top with ¼ of the bean mixture. Place another tortilla on top; cook until the bottom is golden, then carefully flip and cook until the other side is golden. Repeat with remaining tortillas and filling.
These are great! I left out the red pepper flakes because I didn't have any, but added some Frank's Chile and Lime sauce. I also used burrito sized tortillas and baked them in the oven instaead of in a skillet. I sprayed a pan with Pam, put the filling and cheese on half a tortilla & folded it in half (this recipe made 4 for me), sprayed the tops with Pam and baked at 350 for 10 minutes then broiled the tops until browned. Cooking in the oven helps when you want to have them all done at once instead of one at a tme. I served with homemade guacamole, sour cream and salsa. I LOVED it...I made it for Quesadillas and then Enchalidas. It's good enough to eat over pasta/rice or even by itself!! I did add almost a tablespoon of Cumin. I put Cumin in all my MX dishes.... Great flavor and an inexpensive meal i added more salsa, chili flakes & salt/pepper and it gave it so much more flavor to the bean mixture !! I added chicken and it’s absolutely a dish everyone will love, even my picky little one enjoyed them !!! :) I liked it we’ll definitely make it again!!! It was ok, definitely needed more pepper flakes and also salt. So easy yummy. I love this so simple and delicious. I use peach salsa and it is sweet spicy. Great for a night when I don’t have a lot of time and want a fast healthy meal. Serve with avocado. Added diced jalapenos, mushrooms tomatoes and some leftover thin sliced sweet pepper. Halved the brown sugar, (never considered that ingredient before.)Made two with chicken, two with beef and a veggie one. As always- one must bed of lettuce & tomato for presentation and Uncle Handsy's homemade salsa, sour cream, guacamole... HYFR make this! Make this NOW
