We Be Jammin' Jamaican Banana Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/104999/we-be-jammin-jamaican-banana-bread/
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Lightly grease two 8x4 inch loaf pans. Beat together 2 tablespoons of softened butter and cream cheese in a large bowl until fluffy. Slowly beat in sugar until well incorporated. Add the egg and mix well. Sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a separate bowl. In a different bowl, mix together the bananas, milk, 2 tablespoons rum, lime zest, lime juice, and vanilla extract; stir well. Pour 1/3 of the flour mixture into the butter and mix well. Mix in 1/2 of the mashed bananas. Continue with another 1/3 of the flour, followed by the remaining banana mixture, and finally the remaining flour. Fold in 1/4 cup pecans and 1/4 cup coconut flakes. Pour the mixture into the loaf pans, and bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about one hour. When finished, cool for 10 minutes in the pan, remove, and finish cooling on a wire rack. After you take the banana bread out of the oven, prepare the topping by stirring together the brown sugar, remaining butter, lime juice, and 2 teaspoons of rum in a small saucepan over medium-high heat. Bring to a simmer stirring constantly; cook until the sugar has dissolved and the mixture is smooth, about one minute. Remove from heat, and stir in 2 tablespoons pecans, and 2 tablespoons coconut. Spoon this topping over the loaves while they are still warm. The topping will harden slightly when the loaf cools.
This is a really nice change from traditional banana bread but I have a couple of comments. As written it makes one 9 x 5 loaf (not two). Also, I recommend baking at 350 degrees. At 375 it got too brown and the baking time was too long. I pulled out of the oven after 50 minutes when I noticed how brown it was and it probably would have been better if I'd caught it 5 minutes earlier. Next time I'll bake it at 350 and watch it close towards the end. I didn't bother to toast the pecans and I don't think it made much of a difference and it was easier. I will definitely make again with these changes. Best banana bread ever! So much flavor and easy to make. Loved it and so did everyone who ate it! Amazing texture and flavor. I increased the lime zest and made double the amount of the glaze. The family is raving about it and I'm sure to make this again. I made this in one loaf pan. My son said it was the best banana bread he's ever eaten! I forgot to mention that I omitted the lime element. Didn't miss it. I love this recipe for banana bread! The only real downside for me is the length of the list of ingredients.  This many ingredients means I don't always have everything on hand at all times. Also, this lengthens the amount of time needed for preparation. As I have mobility and health issues, I don't always have the strength to tackle it!As other reviewers have noted, it only makes one loaf of banana bread not two. I baked it in a 9 X 5 loaf pan at 350 degrees. I made this exactly as the recipe instructed except doubled.  It was excellent!  A double batch made 3 medium size loaves.  Oven temp was great for me.  Bread was moist and delicious.  Will definitely be making again.    Took to work and it was gone instantly. Several peopled asked for the recipe. This is a delicious banana bread, although it really didn't taste different from "regular" versions with the exception of the topping. I followed the advice of other reviewers and baked at 350, then watched it carefully. It came out moist and golden brown. With as involved as this recipe is, I doubt I'll make it again when I could just make the usual. I am taking it to a holiday party and am sure it'll be well-liked. I've made this banana bread a few times. I add nutmeg, cinnamon, allspice and almond extract to give it that extra bit of flavour. With alterations this dish turned out great. First,  I used 3 tablespoons of dark rum and 2 tbs of coconut rum and omitted vanilla.  I also added about 1/4 - 1/3 cup of coconut milk as I didnt have coconut flakes on hand.  As others suggested,  I baked at 350 for around 50 minutes- I divided the mixture so my bread pan was only 2/3 full.  Lastly, I made the glaze without coconut and nuts.  The rum and coconut flavor is not overbearing but enough to give the bread a bit of flavor.
