Buñuelos
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/10502/bunuelos/
Beat eggs and 1/4 cup sugar in a large bowl until thick and lemon-colored; mix in 1 teaspoon vegetable oil. Combine 1 ½ cups of flour, baking powder, and salt; gradually add to egg mixture, mixing well until evenly combined. Turn dough out onto a floured board and knead thoroughly until dough is smooth. Shape dough into 16 even-sized balls. Flatten and roll each one into a very thin circle about 5 inches in diameter. Let stand uncovered on waxed paper for about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, combine 1 cup sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl until evenly mixed; set aside. Heat oil in a deep pan to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lower one circle of dough carefully into the hot oil; fry until golden, turning once, about 30 seconds on each side. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to drain; sprinkle with cinnamon-sugar mixture. Repeat with remaining dough. Serve or cool and store in airtight containers.
This is an awesome recipe. My mom used to make these but instead of cinammon she added anise. Tasted super. This is as close a recipe to my mom's that I have ever encountered. You go girl!!!! I rolled the dough out until it was super thin and it worked really well. Powdered sugar or cinnamon-sugar is a must. They were gobbled up! Instead of making small balls of dough and then rolling each out, we rolled out the dough and cut rounds, like a biscuit.  It saved a bit of time. I remember white table cloths everywhere with bunuelos drying and then ready to fry. The cinnamon and sugar aroma in the air.  Biting into a thin crisp bunuelo every New Year what a treat.  My mom's were the best and your recipe is it....She always made from scratch and I am pleased to now have the recipe. Bunuelos were very easy make and they tasted like donuts. However, they weren't as sweet as I'd anticipated and I had to altar the recipe a little bit. Bu~nuelos are not "cookies" as defined by American culture - that was only a literal translation of what they are referred to in Mexico. They are more like fritters. It should be noted that this recipe is a short cut of the authentic bu~nuelo, so if this is to much work, you can only imagine the real thing. To get a more authentic result with this recipe, roll out the dough as thin as possible while still maintaining enough workability to handle the dough without tearing/puncturing it.  Also you can either incorporate a hint to anise to the dough itself or you can substitute the sugar/cinnamon topping for a melted anise and piloncillo (block of unrefined brown sugar)syrup. This is an awesome recipe. My mom used to make these but instead of cinammon she added anise. Tasted super. This is as close a recipe to my mom's that I have ever encountered. You go girl!!!! This is good, but it's so much work.  I've resorted to using flour tortillas.  I cut them in strips about 2" x 3", and deep fry them until they're golden, turning once.  Then I immediately dip them in cinnamon and sugar.  Perfect and much easier, but this recipe is still good. I followed this recipe exactly, but I used only two eggs instead of four. It came out perfect. They tasted just like my abuela used to make them. I will definately use this recipe again. FAST EASY DELICIOUS WHAT MORE COULD ASK FOR
