Best Brownies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/10549/best-brownies/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour an 8-inch square pan. Melt 1/2 cup butter in a large saucepan. Remove from heat, and stir in sugar, eggs, and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Beat in 1/3 cup cocoa, flour, salt, and baking powder. Spread batter into prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven until top is dry and edges have started to pull away from the sides of the pan, about 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool briefly before frosting. To make the frosting: Combine softened butter, confectioners' sugar, 3 tablespoons cocoa, honey, and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract in a bowl. Stir until smooth. Frost brownies while they are still warm. i
These were the BEST BROWNIES even without the frosting. Just don't OVERBAKE/OVERMIX. When doubling, leave out one egg, keep the amount of salt at 1/4 tsp, and bake for 30-35 mins. You'll get a cakey on the outside, fudgey in the middle brownie. Delish!  These are the BEST brownies for sure. Easy recipe and when I make them everyone wants the recipe and more! Sometimes I make the icing sometimes I don't and either way they're still delicious. I cutback the sugar to 3/4 c, mix the dry ingredients separately before adding to the saucepan and mix in about 3/4 c chopped, roasted walnuts and don't use honey in the icing. If it needs it I add a bit of milk but generally when the icing goes on the warm brownies, the consistency is fine. These freeze well. I didn’t make the frosting, but I was pleasantly surprised at how good it came out!!  I will definitely make it again. I've made this recipe for about 5 years and I always get rave reviews from everyone who tries them Super simple recipe, and instead of honey in the frosting (my family doesn't buy honey) i put some water (2 tsp) peanut butter (1 or 1 1/2 tsp), and a little bit of milk (probably about one or two tsp) in, and it tastes amazing! wow so good! so easy ... too easy, its dangerous! These are the best brownies I have ever made!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
