Kofta Kebabs
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/106030/kofta-kebabs/
Mash garlic into a paste with salt using a mortar and pestle or the flat side of a chef's knife on your cutting board. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix garlic into lamb with onion, parsley, coriander, cumin, cinnamon, allspice, cayenne pepper, ginger, and pepper in a mixing bowl until well blended. otdash Meredith Food Studio Form mixture into 28 balls. Form each ball around the tip of a skewer, flattening it into a 2-inch oval; repeat with remaining skewers. Place kebabs onto a baking sheet, cover, and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes, or up to 12 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat an outdoor grill for medium heat and lightly oil the grate. Cook skewers on the preheated grill, turning occasionally, until browned and cooked through, about 5 to 6 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of a kebab should read at least 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
Very good, tastes authentic. I use ground beef instead of lamb and serve with the traditional garlic sauce: 4 gloves of garlic, peeled and crushed, 1/4 c olive oil, juice of 1 lemon, 1/4 teaspoon salt. Process in blender or food processor. If the mixture is too runny, add mayo to thicken it to a creamy-thick consistency. Serve over the koftas. I really like the consistency of the result regardless of the grind on the lamb and variability of the amounts of ingredients. Delicious! Used anther reviewers' suggestion for baking in oven: preheat over to 500, and place koftas (on skewers or not - I left mine on, as they were metal) and bake for about 15-20min. Very good. I had 2 lbs of lamb so I adjusted the ingredients accordingly except kept the amount of cinnamon and coriander the same based on other reviews. Made 12 "logs" and broiled in the oven on metal skewers. Will make again. Very flavorful and easy to make.  I made 8 kebabs from one pound of meat.  They must be tiny if you make 28 as the recipe directs. This is a really good basic recipe for koftas. You can adjust the seasonings to suit your tastes. Instead of making the garlic paste, I grate my fresh garlic on my Microplane grater, which pretty much reduces it to a juicy paste. After my husband complained about maneuvering the skewers on the grill, I began making flat, oval patties, pressing my fingers gently into them to make a sort of 'grilled' look. They cook more easily and quickly, and might even stay a bit juicier. Makes a delicious meal with homemade flatbreads and tzatziki, plus some chopped cucumber and tomato. This is a fabulous recipe. I did use beef - can't afford lamb here, it's way too expensive. But the beef was fresh. Also didn't get a chance to grill - went poof on me - so i called a middle eastern friend for baked direction: preheat over to 500, and place koftas (on skewers or not - i left mine on, as they were metal) and bake for about 15-20min. The high heat gives it a fake sear, but they are still really very good. I had mine with some lovely potatoes on garlic naans. Fabulous, and I'm definitely making again now that my grill is back up and running! I made this with ground beef - excellent! next, I will try half beef/glamb Made this recipe ground beef and I loved it! We love this recipe. We make it at least once a month. It’s perfect with pita, hummus, tzatziki, sliced tomatoes and red onions. Do let the meat and spices meld for a couple hours for best results. I’ve only made them with ground them and followed the recipe for all measurements.When trying to make it quick we just make them into balls and bake them. They turn out delicious that way too.
