Pumpkin Chocolate Chip Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/10740/pumpkin-chocolate-chip-cookies-iii/
Gather the ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a baking sheet. otdash Meredith Food Studios Combine pumpkin, sugar, oil, and egg in a large bowl. Dissolve baking soda into milk in a small bowl and stir in. otdash Meredith Food Studios Stir together flour, baking powder, cinnamon, and salt in a separate bowl. Add flour mixture to pumpkin mixture and mix well. Add chocolate chips, walnuts, and vanilla; stir just to combine. otdash Meredith Food Studios Drop by spoonful on the prepared cookie sheet and bake in the preheated oven until lightly brown and firm, approximately 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studios
These cookies are delicious and cake-like! Every fall - it never fails - when the leaves start turning and the weather gets crisp I start getting requests for these cookies - it's crazy! I make a few slight changes and these cookies turn out PERFECTLY! First of all, I add 3 drops of red food coloring to the 'wet ingredient' mixture (to liven up the pumpkin's orange color). Second, I bake the cookies at 365 degrees for 12 minutes instead of 350 degrees for 10 minutes (which, like others have said is not NEAR enough time to allow the cookies to cook through). And thirdly I place the cookies with a medium sized scoop on a greased cookie sheet, then I slam the cookie sheet down on the table a few times to get them to spread out a little (I find the cook more evenly and also look a lot more attractive).These cookies are served best warm straight from the oven or cold straight from the refridgerator - I wouldn't recommend letting them sit on your counter, even if they are in a covered conatainer - the time I did that they got soggy and melted a little from the heat of our wood stove. =) Too many chocolate chips and NOT ENOUGH FLAVOR and I even added additional cinnamon and nutmeg.The texture was good - but everything else was lacking. MUST add nutmeg and allspice and cut the chocolate chips in half.. then its great! The cake quality people complain about doesn't bother me. The extremely sticky consistency does. They seem raw to me. If I would make again, I would definitely bake longer than recommend. IF you reduce the amount of chocolate chips and IF one adds more spices (nutmeg, ginger, pumpkin pie spice etc.) these cookies might be good. This recipe, as is, is pretty tasteless, and too much chocolate chips. I don't understand why those that change the recipe then rate it 5 stars? This is a good base recipe, I felt the chocolate chips overtook the taste of the pumpkin. I will use fewer chocolate chips next time, I did not add nuts. These were nice and soft and disappeared in thin air once they came out of the oven.Tweaks I made:1. Substitute unsweetened applesauce for oil2. 1 tsp of cinnamon and 1 tsp of pumpkin pie spice3. 1 1/2 cups of flour, 1/4 cup milled flaxseed, 1 scope of vanilla protein powderI did have to bake them longer than 10 minutes, more like 14-15 minutes Make sure you try this pumpkin recipe. It is absolutely excellent. I dropped them off of teaspoon and bake them for exactly 12 minutes and they are perfect. Put a piece of parchment paper on my cookie sheet and bake them on that rather than greasing a cookie sheet. They came right off, the texture is perfect. Almost forgot instead of a whole cup of sugar. I put 3/4 cup of white sugar and 1/4 cup brown sugar. There’s enough chocolate chips and nuts to go through the cookies. I will definitely be making these cookies again. W Make sure you try this pumpkin recipe. It is absolutely excellent. I dropped them off of teaspoon and bake them for exactly 12 minutes and they are perfect. Put a piece of parchment paper on my cookie sheet and bake them on that rather than greasing a cookie sheet. They came right off, the texture is perfect. Almost forgot instead of a whole cup of sugar. I put 3/4 cup of white sugar and 1/4 cup brown sugar. There’s enough chocolate chips and nuts to go through the cookies. I will definitely be making these cookies again. W absolutely love them! so soft and fluffy! Can the dough be made the night before? I substituted GF flour (1:1 substitution), as we have celiac disease in the family. It baked up beautifully. My family loves these classic cookies! I make this recipe every year. I LOVE the cake like consistency - which it is described as in intro. So don’t expect them to be like straight chocolate chip cookies. My family loves them, hence why I usually only make them once or twice a year, otherwise it’s all they’d eat!! So yummy. These were super good, especially when I used dark chocolate chunks for the chips! They do have more of the texture of a muffin than a cookie, but they still taste great if you are okay with that!
