Chocolate Mice
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/10753/chocolate-mice/
Melt the chocolate, and combine with sour cream. Stir in 1 cup chocolate cookie crumbs. Cover and refrigerate until firm. Roll by level tablespoonfuls into balls. Mold to a slight point at one end (the nose). Roll dough in confectioners sugar (for white mice), and in chocolate cookie crumbs (for dark mice). On each mouse, place dragees in appropriate spot for eyes, almond slices for ears, and a licorice string for the tail. Refrigerate for at least two hours, until firm.
Give yourself plenty of time to make these as you will want to make more than one batch.I used a cookie scoop to size the dough and shaped a couple at a time keeping the rest in the refrig. to stay cold and firm. Made tails out of caramels as suggested by others with great results. A small knife to pierce the dough for the placement of ears, tail and eyes made assembly easy. Used pink pearl candies for eyes. Mice can be made a couple days ahead and kept in the fridge but caramel tails will get soft so do not add until day of the party. Tails can be made ahead as well but store alone. These are well worth the effort. For those unfamiliar with chocolate wafers Nabisco (R) makes Famous Chocolate Wafers. They come in a 9 oz yellow box with a cellophane wrapper. UPDATE 3/12/07 Check-out Peanut Butter Christmas Mice by Paula, also very cute! Made these for the second time and used tootsie candy for eyes and tail.  The white mice look great with golden oreo crumbs. Nibs for red eyes made them creepy looking They were a hit for my 2017 Halloween theme of "The Magic of Disney"Please don't panic:The mousetrap was new and I applied a clear coat to the whole thing to keep it sanitary. My second Christmas making these delights...they were requested My sister's birthday is Halloween so I made these to place on top of a cake (chocolate of course  since that's a staple of her diet). I did use almond slices for ears and  red rope or untwisted licorice for tails and whiskers. Made white mice by rolling in confectioners sugar. Fun project. I'm a kid at heart. My kids and I do these every Halloween, it’s the most delicious treat out of everything we prepare. People love it because it looks so cute and realistic! I recommend using high quality baking chocolate- i prefer Ghiradelli, but choose anything you like! Bon apetite! I used chocolate teddy grahams and my mice ended up tasting just  like wonderful brownies!   The only change for next time, smash the cookies until they’re totally chocolate crumbs.  Mine weren’t fine enough, the larger pieces were too big to be on the outside.   Everybody loved them!  Tasty and cute! These are just too perfect for Halloween! Extremely simple recipe. I was unsure of the sour cream, but everything evens out so well with flavor- my roommate even suggested a hint of “coconut” with the almond ears mixed in. I suggest crushing the chocolate cookies/wafers very finely for this. And rolling the chocolate mixture into form as you go, otherwise it will begin to dry out a bit quickly! But overall, these were very easy to make, and relatively quick! They are a crowd pleaser- and I’d like to try the white, powdered sugar version next time! I like the suggestion of red-hot candies for eyes, too! Fun, cute and very good.
