Best Chocolate Chip Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/10813/best-chocolate-chip-cookies/
Gather your ingredients, making sure your butter is softened, and your eggs are room temperature. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Beat butter, white sugar, and brown sugar with an electric mixer in a large bowl until smooth. otdash Meredith Food Studio Beat in eggs, one at a time, then stir in vanilla. otdash Meredith Food Studio Dissolve baking soda in hot water. Add to batter along with salt. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in flour, chocolate chips, and walnuts. otdash Meredith Food Studio Drop spoonfuls of dough 2 inches apart onto ungreased baking sheets. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until edges are nicely browned, about 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cool on the baking sheets briefly before removing to a wire rack to cool completely. otdash Meredith Food Studio Store in an airtight container or serve immediately and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studi
This is the perfect chocolate chip cookie!! Crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside!! For added flavor I also add l cup of white chocolate chips (try the brand that Aldi's carries...wonderful....better then Nestles!!) Some have stated that their cookies were too cakelike, this is caused by the addition of too much flour. To help prevent this, spoon flour into measuring cup, leveling off with knife, rather then dipping cup into flour. Roll dough into walnut size balls. Be careful not to overbake, I decrease my oven temperature to 325 and bake for l0 minutes. I have tried dozens of chocolate chip cookie recipes over the years, this one is far superior to any of them!! Makes 4 dozen. Thanks for sharing. Perfect Chocolate Chip recipe. I did not use hot water or nuts and I rolled into two logs and wrapped in plastic wrap. Put both in large freezer bag and sliced and baked off when needed. I baked at 350 for 13 minutes (frozen). added:1/2tsp cream of tartar2 tsp espresso powderchanged sugar to 1/2c white and 1-1/2c light brown sugarSubstituted softened butter with browned butter I love the chewy inside and crunchy outside. It's like magic! For me, if you end up with extra chocolate chips, just stick them on the top of the cookie badder once on the tray, then once they come out you can smear them on top of the cookie with a fork to get a chocolate coating. Anyways, this recipe is really promising and i would make it all the time with friends or cousins to celebrate the holiday season. This cookie was amazing! They baked perfectly in my oven at 325 for 12 minutes. I followed a couple suggestions of reducing white sugar to 1/2 C and increasing brown sugar to 1 1/2 C as well as adding 1 C of white chocolate chips. Instead of walnuts I added roasted pecan pieces to mine. My husband took one bite and said "you're a goddess" haha This will be my go-to cookie recipe Awesome cookies to make with kids... I don't use a mixer, just a whisk for the first couple of ingredients and a wooden spoon for the rest. I looked high and low for this recipe with baking soda dissolved in water... makes the cookies perfect!!! Crunchy and chewy!! Really is the best chocolate chip cookie recipe. After reading some of the reviews I combined some of the tips>>used 1/2 c. sugar and 1 1/2 c. brown sugar; ground 1 c. oatmeal to replace 1 c. of flour; added the 1/2 tsp. cream of tartar; not a fan of walnuts so used 1 1/3 c semi sweet and 1 1/3 c white chocolate chips. As my oven tends to run hot I did reduce temp. to 325 and baked for 12 min. exactly. Make sure to leave enough space for cookies to spread while baking. Came out with nice crisp outer edge and soft and chewy centers whith a slight caramel/nutty flavour. Don't think they will last long once the grandchildren find them. Perfect! I did add the 1/2 tsp cream of tarter for appearance, and I tried using 2 cups flour, 1 cup baby oatmeal (ground oatmeal) and it was amazing! I omitted walnuts and put extra chocolate chips because I did not have any on hand. I spooned flour into the measuring cups and used a knife to level it as others suggested (sort of like sifting), and I allowed the dough to sit in the fridge for a bit. I baked at 325 to be careful not to overcook, but I did bake for longer, so I'm not sure if it matters much. This will be my go-to recipe. Thanks! I did as another rater suggested: skipped dissolving baking soda in water and increased the vanilla to 1 tablespoon, and changed the sugar to 1/2 cup white and 1.5 cups brown. Baked for 12 minutes at 350 and OMG they taste like they came from a bakery! I have never made better cookies.I do not own a mixer and therefore make everything by hand, so this recipe seemed daunting at first... but with a little elbow grease, it was a snap. YUM! followed the reviews, reduced the white sugar to 1/2 cup and increased the brown sugar to 1-1/2 cups. delicious! this is taking the place of our tollhouse recipe :) Well this one is definitely a keeper in my book! WOW. I did change a few things per some other reviews: I cut the white sugar to a 1/2 c. and increased the brown sugar to 1-1/2 c. I also increased the vanilla to a full tablespoon. Instead of iodized salt, I used kosher salt (and I really think there is a difference there!)... I also beat both the eggs together before incorporating & didn't dissolve the baking soda in hot water, rather just added the 2 tsps of hot water to the wet ingredients & baking soda to the dry. I used the full 3 cups of flour but ran out of white & ended up using about 3/4 c whole wheat flour -- couldn't tell a difference. I baked in a 325 degree oven for 15 minutes then let the cookies sit for about 2 minutes before taking them off the tray. I got 3 dozen big cookies. While they aren't incredibly high or thick cookies, they are incredibly chewy and delicious. I personally think they are the best I've ever had. I will use this as my go-to recipe from now on. Thanks so much! Allowed my daughter to pick out a recipe.  She picked this one. I let her to show her how to rub the baking soda into the hot water then put it in the egg. Makes for fluffy softness. Yum! We wrote the recipe down on paper. It's her, "Best soft cookie!" Love it! Homeschooling, so I agree. We were supposed to give out a batch. Burnt the last batch a bit, but still so yummy! Crispy! And yummy! Nice Always turn out great. Thanks for the recipe 😁 Hit the spot! The best I’ve ever made. These are always the star of the show. This  the best chocolate cookie recipe. Mic. drop. I used to make only Toll House, but these are so much better! They were a hit at a couple of parties I attended. I did add a tiny bit of flaked salt right before baking. Now I do it every time. My girls in college are going to live getting them even though this time I just remembered that I didn’t put extra brown sugar in them. 😊
