Duck with Honey, Soy, and Ginger
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/108257/duck-with-honey-soy-and-ginger/
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Use a sharp knife to score across the duck breasts 4 times through the skin and fat but just barely to the meat. Rub the skin with salt, cayenne, and black pepper. Preheat an ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat. Lay the breasts in the skillet skin-side down and fry until the skin is brown and crisp, about 5 minutes. Use a spoon to carefully discard any excess fat from the bottom of the skillet. Turn the breasts over and cook for 1 minute. Place the skillet into the preheated oven and roast until the internal temperature of the thickest part of the breasts reach 160 degrees F (71 degrees C) for well done, or the breasts reach desired doneness. Remove the duck breasts from the skillet and cover with foil. Set aside to rest. Pour off excess fat from the skillet. Place the stock, honey, soy sauce, rice wine, ginger, tomato sauce, chili powder, and lime juice in the skillet. Whisk the sauce over high heat, bring to a boil and cook until the sauce thickens, about 2 minutes. Slice the duck breasts thinly, arrange on serving plates, and pour the sauce over the top.
A very nice recipe - sort of Asian fusion, I'd say. It does take a bit of prep, but the sauce is especially good. The recipe was bit unclear as to how long to bake in the oven (for those of us without a meat thermometer). I checked mine at 10 min and it was VERY rare, but at 20 when I took it out it was pretty well done. I'll probably go with 15-18 minutes in the future. I also did add just a pinch of flour to help the sauce thicken up. Served with risotto cooked in toasted sesame oil, and it was very yummy. I would put the duck in for approx 6 mins. Also, watch the chilli powder u add...... Remember u have cayenne and black pepper on the duck already...... Everything else, go with the measured amounts, maybe a little more stock.....f I changed it by sautéing garlic before adding the stock etc. but that’s personal taste and served it with rice. Me and my son absolutely loved this, I only used 1 tbs of soy sauce as the taste can be strong. The honey and ginger were so delicious together. I just wish I had more sauce, it was so good 🤣. We had it with creamy mashed potatoes (cooked with 1/2 a stock cube and mashed with a dollop of cream cheese instead of butter) and a side of steamed mixed vegetables. So so yum!!! I loved it. I cooked Mountain ducks breast halves and I reduced the pan fried time to 2+1min and used a fan forced oven at 180 Celsius for 9-10 minutes.I sided with vermicelli noodles and roasted veggies and a nice glass of South Australia Shiraz I am not a fan of duck but this sauce made it very enjoyable. The skin didn’t come out as crispy as I would’ve liked, I did add a dash of Chinese 5 spice to the breast before searing, the flavors came out amazing! I LOVE the sauce...I didn’t want to open an entire can of tomato sauce for 1 tablespoon, so I substituted for tablespoon of marinara sauce and it still came out delicious! Absolutely fabulous! The sauce was sooo good! I made it separately in a sauce pan and let it boil for a while and it reduced nicely.  I used some on the broccolini  I served with the duck too! Great recipe! Be careful not to keep the duck in the oven for too long (I don'thavea meat thermometer). Even if you do though, the sauce makes the meat so tender!Delicious sweet and savory aftertaste. I served with an orange risotto. They complemented each other really well. Will be making this again, especially, if I need to impress someone. I used Lemon juice instead of lime. Not sure if it made a difference but this was great! Probably will make it again. It’s so easy and had I all the ingredients.
