White Chocolate Cranberry Oatmeal Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/10907/oatmeal-cranberry-white-chocolate-chunk-cookies/
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Beat butter and sugar with an electric mixer in a large bowl until light and fluffy; beat in eggs one at a time. Combine oats, flour, baking soda, and salt; stir into butter mixture one cup at a time, mixing well after each addition. Stir in dried cranberries and white chocolate. Drop spoonfuls of dough 2 inches apart onto ungreased cookie sheets. Bake in the preheated oven until edges are golden, about 10 to 12 minutes. Cool on the baking sheet briefly before removing to a wire rack to cool completely.
I added the vanilla as other reviewers suggested but still thought the batter was missing something. I added abt 1/2 tsp orange flavoring and that was it! It was enough to "wake up" the cookie base and was a great compliment to the cranberry and chocolate. I also added 1 c pecan pieces for crunch. These freeze and travel well. I loved this cookie recipe and used coconut sugar instead of brown sugar. Did not add vanilla. Didn’t need it. Good taste, but a bit dry; make play with the formula (aka recipe) some… Fancy looking and delicious! What a let down. I was really looking forward to a moist, chewy cookie  but was very disappointed with the results. Not only is it a dry crumbly cookie but it is not very tasty - almost flavorless. Maybe adding vanilla and orange flavoring, as one reviewer suggested, might help. Needless to say, I won't make these again even with modifications. I used fresh cranberries that I baked on a baking sheet first to get them sticky good. I didn't fold them into the batter, just dumped into the KitchenAid and the dough turned purple because of it. Took out at 11 mins. First one I tried was delicious, but the cookie is super fluffy like a bread almost which I liked alot. I love the recipe because usually oatmeal recipes are either plain or with raisins. Cranberries and white chocolate is a great combination! My husband likes them, but he will eat anything. Mine came out like hockey pucks. Not sure what I messed up. I made these, came out very good, I used frozen cranberries instead of dried, I love oatmeal cookies.
