White Chocolate and Cranberry Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/10917/white-chocolate-and-cranberry-cookies/
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease 2 cookie sheets. Beat brown sugar, white sugar, and butter with an electric mixer in a large bowl until creamy. Add egg and brandy and beat until incorporated. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine flour and baking soda in a separate bowl. Stir flour mixture into the butter mixture until just combined. Fold in cranberries and white chocolate chips. otdash Meredith Food Studio Drop spoonfuls of dough 2 inches apart onto the prepared baking sheets. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven for 8 to 10 minutes, switching racks halfway through; cookies will still appear slightly doughy. Remove from the oven and let cool briefly on the cookie sheets before transferring to wire racks to cool completely. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I have made this recipe for 3 years now and everyone loves them. I've always used vanilla extract instead of the brandy and have used 3/4 a cup of cranberries when I didn't have a cup and they still were delicious and looked nice. I look forward to making them again for this years office cookie exchange. Very good cookie. Just don't overbake. I replaced the white chocolate chips with a real white chocolate bar (chopped into small pieces). I substituted 1 tbsp raspberry syrup for the brandy. Was absolutely delicious. I use less sugar.1/4 cup of both brown and white sugar.I use Caputo gluten free flour. Very good cookie, Yummy! Nice and chewy with crispy edges, all I did differently was add the zest of 1 orange. I don’t know how this has so many high reviews. Would love to understand how people got this to turn out. Followed the recipe exactly and cookies spread a ton, got hard as a rock and stuck to the pan, basically impossible to get off. Tried chilling the second half of the batter hoping for better results and nope. Same thing. Delicious cookies! I used vanilla, reduced the sugar a bit and baked them for 9 minutes. They turned out perfect in my opinion! 😊 I misread the recipe, lol.  I only had fresh cranberries, not dried.  I just chopped them into halves or quarters until I had a cup and added that in place of the dried cranberries.  It worked great!  Other than that, made exactly as directed except I use a baking stone instead of a cookie sheet (highly recommend for all cookies - it bakes them SO perfectly).  They were so good, I made two batches!  Thanks for this recipe!  I'm saving it!
