Cedar Planked Salmon
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/109297/cedar-planked-salmon/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Soak cedar planks for at least 1 hour in warm water. Soak longer if you have time. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir soy sauce, vegetable oil, rice vinegar, sesame oil, green onions, ginger, and garlic together in a shallow dish. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place salmon fillets in soy mixture and turn to coat. Cover and marinate for at least 15 minutes, or up to 1 hour refrigerated. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat an outdoor grill for medium heat. Place planks on the grill grate. Heat planks until they start to smoke and crackle just a little. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove salmon from marinade and place on planks; discard marinade. otdash Meredith Food Studio Close grill cover. Grill salmon until it flakes easily with a fork, about 20 minutes; salmon will continue to cook after you remove it from the grill. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I just made this last night and it was absolutely fantastic! I didn't have green onions so I used minced red onion. My in-laws were so impressed they wanted to have a plank to take home! Costco has them for $8 for a package of 6. The package on the plank states that if it's not too charred you can use is again after cleaning with warm water and letting it air dry. Also, to save time, planks can be presoaked and frozen. I can't encourage you enough to try this incredible recipe!Thank you for the post. Making it tonight. We've made a ton of salmon this way.Our go to topping is from Portland Palate - an amazing citrus capers combo. Tonight I will sub Aminos for Soy. Otherwise going with the listed mix. We start grilling with the salmon on the plank, no preheat. Previously used planks heat up quickly so no preheat needed. Also I look to remove the plank at or just before 135dF on thickest salmon. Setting plank in shallow baking tray with enough water to kill the smoke. Scents the dining experience wonderfully. Cedar Plank salmon cooking is Stupid Simple Masterpiece method. Don't be afraid, be rewarded. Lowe's or HD has untreated fence boards. They work great. The thick the better, 5/8 is better than 1/2 when you can get it. A special board is overkill. Scrap and rinse to use again. Walk the plank to a delicious  dinner!"....................So, I made it.  We loved it. Highly recommend.It was helped along by some killer fresh Columbia River salmon. Also I scoped up the ginger, garlic and green onion bits out of the marinade and topped the salmon. Made this as one of the proteins for a party.  It was devoured!  Had I known how much everyone would like it I would have made more.  The flavors were fantastic and it was quick and easy to make.  Folks told me they woke up the next morning thinking about it. Wow! This was excellent, and I'm generally not a fan of salmon. I really want to be, though, and this recipe helped tremendously! I made the marinade as directed, but I used olive oil instead of vegetable. I baked it instead of grilling. I thickened the remaining marinade on the stove with a little cornstarch slurry, and brushed the finished salmon. My husband really liked this, too, so I'll definitely make it again! We'll try it on the grill next time. I use wild caught sockeye salmon, which is smaller than Atlantic salmon so it takes less time to cook. Everyone raves about this every time I make it! exceptional!  Definitely a keeper It tasted good (and was my first cedar plank Cooking attempt) but I think it was missing something. Something to make the flavor pop. I was thinking more sesame oil (so less veg oil to compensate) and something to add just a faint zing of spice. Red peppers? Cayenne? Some other Asian cooking sauce?  I just don’t know. I read hundreds of reviews and was expecting the best salmon ever. The marinade Is good. But I have had blackened salmon or chili lime salmon that blends with salmon way better. I used the excess marinade and made a sauce like another suggested. It was the best part of this recipe. Thank you for the marinade, but maybe we do not like a sweet fish.  I also made crispy smashed potatoes and used the marinade on them.  I will not make this again, the whole family said this is a no go. We do not consume a lot of sugar, so we opted out of adding brown sugar like some suggested, so happy we didn’t! Nice recipe! It was my first time usingCedar planks. It was very easy. Smiths carries a 2-pack of planks for about $7. I marinated the fish for an hour and cooked for 19 minutes at a temp from  400*-425*. The  finished product was subtly flavored and more moist than any cooking method I've ever tried in the house. I would add a pinch of salt and pepper next time before grilling. The marinade didn't make the fish salty on its own. Looking forward to trying more cedar plank salmon recipes now. Thanks for the inspiration! I've made this many times.   The only change i make is i use a pellet grill with a smoke tube instead of the cedar plank.   Pull the salmon at 140 internal.    yum!
