Sauerkraut on Bread Dough
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/109571/sauerkraut-on-bread-dough/
Crumble the yeast into a small bowl. Pour in the sugar and water, and stir with a fork until the yeast has dissolved. Allow to sit for 15 minutes, then stir in the salt and clarified butter. Pour the flour into a large bowl and make a well in the center. Stir in the yeast mixture, then knead until the dough is smooth and elastic, about 12 minutes. Return dough to the bowl, cover with a cloth, and let rise in a warm place until doubled in bulk, about 1 hour. While dough is rising, cook bacon in a skillet over medium heat until nearly crispy; drain off fat. Mix together the sour cream, eggs, caraway seed, nutmeg, salt, and pepper in a bowl until smooth. Set aside. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Roll out the dough into a rectangle to fit a baking sheet. Place the dough onto the baking sheet and sprinkle with bacon. Evenly cover the dough with well drained sauerkraut, then drizzle the sour cream and egg mixture over the sauerkraut. Bake on the middle rack of the preheated oven for 40 minutes, or until bread is browned on the top and underneath. Let cool slightly, then cut into squares to serve.
Let me qualify my review by first saying this: I did not use the dough part of this recipe, I used my own. That being said, this was a pretty good recipe. It tastes like a Reuben sandwich without the corned beef. There was a bit too much caraway seed for my taste, and I would've put the bacon on top to get more crispy as it baked. My husband also suggested frying the sauerkraut to take the edge off of it - too much vinegar taste, I guess. Overall though, I would say it was pretty good! And, the longer I sit here munching, the more the flavour is growing on me! Time to stop eating! ;o) I would make this again with a few minor modifications. This was terrific. Wish I'd had a dry Alsatian Riesling to go with it, but this was great for dinner outside on a hot night with beer and a salad. My store didn't have fresh yeast (apparently it's a "seasonal" item) so I used .25 ounce instant yeast. I also used 1/4 cup ghee instead of the full 1/3 cup clarified butter, and whole milk yogurt in place of sour cream. I baked the tart in a pan on parchment for the first half of baking, and then finished it on a baking stone for a good crisp crust. It's delicious cold for lunch, too. Ausgezeichnet! Let me qualify my review by first saying this: I did not use the dough part of this recipe, I used my own.  That being said, this was a pretty good recipe.  It tastes like a Reuben sandwich without the corned beef.  There was a bit too much caraway seed for my taste, and I would've put the bacon on top to get more crispy as it baked.  My husband also suggested frying the sauerkraut to take the edge off of it - too much vinegar taste, I guess.  Overall though, I would say it was pretty good!  And, the longer I sit here munching, the more the flavour is growing on me!  Time to stop eating!  ;o) I would make this again with a few minor modifications. The only reason I gave this 4 stars is because I am not crazy about caraway seeds and sauerkraut.  I leave them out, even if I am German!  Otherwise it is delicious!
