Pierogi (Polish Dumplings)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/109914/pierogi-polish-dumplings/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Make sauerkraut filling: Melt butter in a skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir onion in hot butter until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add sauerkraut and cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 more minutes. Season with salt and pepper, then remove to a plate to cool. otdash Meredith Food Studio Make potato filling: Melt butter in the same skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir onion in hot butter until translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in mashed potatoes, salt, and white pepper. Remove from heat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Make dough: Beat together sour cream and eggs in a large bowl until smooth. Sift flour, baking powder, and salt into a separate bowl; stir into sour cream mixture until dough comes together. otdash Meredith Food Studio Knead dough on a lightly floured surface until firm and smooth. otdash Meredith Food Studio Divide dough in half, then roll out one half to 1/8-inch thickness. Cut into 3-inch rounds using a biscuit cutter. Place a small spoonful of potato filling into the center of each round. otdash Meredith Food Studio Moisten edges with water, fold over, and press with a fork to seal. Roll and fill remaining dough half with sauerkraut filling. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add pierogies in batches to boiling water and cook until they float to the top, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon. otdash Meredith Food Studio Enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
Being Polish, and born in Poland, I have had many pierogi's in my day. After many disappointing pierogi meals, I came across this recipe...and all I can say is YUM! My kids (who do not care for dad's food preferences) inhaled these and asked for more. Great recipe -Dziekujemy! All this talk about Pierogi's is making me hungry. I will definitely try your recipe but I would love to see you prep in only 25 minutes!!! I grew up with this dish and still make them often. Followed this recipe and it was easy and fantastic!  Didn’t change anything and followed the recipe exactly.  The cool thing is this recipe is a fantastic base recipe and if you want to add cheese, bacon, etc. the sky’s the limit :) The heck with frying, boiling pierogis.  I brought the oven to 425 degrees, brushed them with olive oil, and baked for 20 minutes.  And, they store well when wrapped in good old wax paper and scotch tape the tip of the paper. The dough was a gooey mess.  I followed the instructions, but it was not good at all.  The dough was was weak and difficult to work with. I dont ever remember review these total polar opposites...from perfect to horrible, Never, ever put sour cream or baking soda to make the dough. Changes the correct texture of a real Pierogi! I hope this is ok, to post here, I have my own, old family recipe for Pierogi, so I can't review this on, but I put out my :timesavers" when  making pierogi, to roll out my dough, I use a pasta roller, or the attachment for my kitchen aid, to make pasta, secondly, I invested in "pierogi makers" from Amazon, they are less than $ 20.00 each, & I have 2 of them, makes 6 pierogi, @ a time, and seals them.  I can't imagine doing 1 pierogi @ a time, these 2 items, make quick work, of this "task of love". There’s no reason to dirty a bowl just to sift the dry ingredients into. Sift them directly into the egg/sour cream mixture
