On Wisconsin Beer Brats
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/109945/on-wisconsin-beer-brats/
In a slow cooker, combine the bratwurst links, butter, beer, onions, cayenne pepper, garlic powder, garlic and brown sugar. Cover and set to High. Cook for 4 hours, stirring once per hour. Add sauerkraut and continue cooking for another hour. Serve bratwurst on buns with onions and top with your favorite condiments.
I'm from Wisconsin and have been tailgating for 40 years in Madison and Green Bay. I have to tell you that if you are going to have a Wisconsin Brat, you better grill them first and have your hot marinade ready to receive them off the grill. Once off the grill, allow them to set for at least an hour in the marinade before serving. I usually make brats for a "crowd" the day before and allow the brats to sit overnight in the marinade. An hour or so before the tail gate I simply take my "huge" Bucky Pot full of brats and marinade and place it right on the grill for the "re heat". The brats are flavorful and melt in you mouth... oh, don't forget, use a slotted spoon to take out the sliced onions and garlic from the marinade to put on the brats.. OUT OF THIS WORLD. This is a good recipe for rainy days but, I agree with another reviewer, the flavor of the brat is lost to some degree in this recipe. You must also use a "strong" full bodied dark beer. I would use Augsburger Bock beer if it were still made out of Monroe, Wisconsin... ahhhh those good old fall days with a blue sky, cool breeze, the scent of fall leaves and grills, a cold beer, the laughter of friends and a good old fashion Wisconsin brat. Easy and delicious, except I used 2 bottles of beer instead of 3. Saved 1 to drink! I made exactly as described, Best brats ever! i actually let it cook for longer than 4 hours and i used wine instead of beer and they taste amazing Great! Will definitely make this again. Didn't have any sauerkraut so left it out. Also ran brats under the broiler for a couple minutes to brown. Served on French baguettes with stone ground mustard. Outrageously good! Cooked by recipe and I did not like. I will use beef broth next time. The beer flavor was too much. Served them on pretzel rolls they were great. I am rating this for my 76 year old non-wisconsin Mother. I bought her a small crock pot so she could make single meals easier. I am trying recipes with her and writing them down...downsized to 'her' crock-pot. My dear mother loved these. This is her favorite recipe by far! Well a toss up between this and slow cooker enchilada casserole. She is doing great with her 'mini crock' .Thanks for the recipe! I made no changes and it's great!
