Venison Bacon Burgers
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/111933/venison-bacon-burgers/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook bacon in a skillet over medium heat until browned and crispy. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour bacon and grease into a heatproof bowl and allow to cool. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat oil in a skillet. Add shallots and garlic. Cook and stir until softened, about 3 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix with bacon. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix venison with cooled bacon mixture. Season with Worcestershire sauce, parsley, salt, and pepper. Stir in egg until evenly combined. Refrigerate for 20 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat. Shape venison mixture into 6 patties. otdash Meredith Food Studio Grill to desired doneness. Serve on toasted hamburger buns with your favorite toppings. otdash Meredith Food Studio
We are always looking for ways to use our deer meat. We never grill burgers as they are always a little dry. Well, this recipe was awesome! My husband and kids loved these burgers! So moist and delicious. We will definitely have these again and again!! One of the best burgers I've ever made! I used one lb instead of two. Im still shocked. For the record: I’ve never had a venison burger that I liked.  My kids don’t have a lot of experience with game meat beyond some novelties.  I gave this recipe a try and even the picky child cleaned up her plate.  If you have some leftover venison in the freezer, I highly recommend these Deerburgers.Pros: Zero game taste.Con: Be careful on the grill.  That bacon grease is trying to get out and is susceptible to big flare ups. This is the best burger ever! This was wonderful!!!!  This was my first time cooking ground venison, having made swiss style venison steaks. I had a little over 1lb so I divided all the ingredients close half.  I cooked the 3 slices of bacon in the microwave, cut into pieces with scissors.  Used yellow onion and Italian seasoning in place of parsley.  I did use cast iron skillet and followed recommendation in Katie's review 201.  However I got 3 burgers. The cooking times were perfect.  I sautéed the garlic and onion in oil for 2 minutes. Her procedure follows. "Three minutes on each side in a medium heat preheated cast iron. Then put it in the oven (425 degrees) for 3-4 minutes. Perfect. Better than beef burger! I used onion instead of shallots and doubled the garlic.  Smoked/grilled over mesquite.  I also used dried parsley; the parsley was present but fresh would have been much better.  These are fantastic! This is a great recipe. I ground my mule deer with a high quality grass fed chuck roast which added some fat and an overall larger yield. I also did about 10% beef suet so this burger with the added bacon is better than any restaurant burger. I cooked the bacon whole and then chopped it. AMAZE BALLS!!!! Really ... that’s all I can say. I followed the recipe exactly and  we devoured every bite . Hands down the BEST venison burger I have ever made or tasted.  AMAZE BALLS!!! Tasted good, but I think adding the bacon grease was a bit much.  I will try it without next time.
