Brown Butter Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/11237/brown-butter-cookies/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Heat butter over medium heat for 5 minutes or so, until it turns nut brown in color. The foaming and bubbling are part of the browning process, but watch carefully so that it doesn't burn. Remove from heat; cool slightly. Reserve 1/2 cup of browned butter to make the icing. Pour remaining browned butter into a large mixing bowl. Beat browned butter with brown sugar until the butter is no longer hot. Mix in eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla, baking soda, baking powder, and salt; beat thoroughly. Mix in flour and chopped pecans. Drop tablespoons of dough onto ungreased baking sheets. Bake for 10 minutes in the preheated oven, or until light brown around the edges; cool. In a medium bowl, mix the reserved 1/2 cup browned butter with 2 teaspoons vanilla, confectioners' sugar, and hot water. Beat until smooth; use to frost cookies when they are cool.
My family really liked these cookies. They are delicious and unique. They remind me a little of butter toffee. Real butter makes all the difference! To give the flavor even more depth, I slightly toasted the pecans in the oven while it was preheating. I tried the cookie with and without the glaze. I preferred the glazed. Since these cookies start out light brown, it was hard to tell by sight when they were done. I cooked the first batch a little too long. So follow the cooking time on the recipe and they should turn out great! Delicious.  Easy to make.  The icing was very thin so I added a bunch more powdered sugar and a splash of bourbon.  Will make these again. Maybe tonight! really good. This will be a go-to cookie for me. Great Recipe! This complex, nutty, rich cookie is amazing! I added BOURBON to the glaze. Awesome combination. This was my first foray into using brown butter. I was grateful for the clear instructions, they made brown butter easily achievable. I'm so glad I tried this recipe. I intended my cookies to be gifts but had to make a second batch because my family ate them. Great cookies, bad family. LOL! These are officially in our Christmas Cookie Must Haves. Very easy recipe! They are VERY sweet especially with the icing but my family ate them all within 24 hours! Next time I will make the cookies a little smaller and use less icing to cut down the sweetness a bit. Delicious! Some of the best cookies I have ever made!  So delicious I made these delicious cookies without changing anything.They are excellent. My family loved them. They didn't last long. I also had enough to give some away. The recipe is a keeper. Took these for a Ladies Fellowship at church and they were a big hit. This made so many that there were enough for Sunday night fellowship. We did store them in the refrigerator over night.  They were just as good the next day. These are so good I can't quit eating them!
