Delicious Raspberry Oatmeal Cookie Bars
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/11314/delicious-raspberry-oatmeal-cookie-bars/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease an 8x8-inch square pan; line with greased foil. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine flour, oats, brown sugar, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl. Rub in butter using your hands or a pastry blender to form a crumbly mixture. otdash Meredith Food Studio Press 2 cups oat mixture into the bottom of the prepared pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Spread jam to within 1/4 inch of the edge. otdash Meredith Food Studio Sprinkle remaining crumb mixture on top; press down lightly into jam. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until lightly browned, 35 to 40 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Allow to cool before cutting into bars. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I really like these. I did bump them up a bit this time though. I used seedless blackberry Polaner All Fruit and slightly less than called for (a double batch would call for 12oz and I used a 10oz jar). I made a double batch in a 9x13" pan and greased it really well and had no trouble getting it out. I also sprinkled the jam with a few handfuls of white and semi-sweet chocolate chips before adding the final topping layer and pressing it all in. The key to this not crumbling is to really work the SOFTENED butter into the dry ingredients with your hand. If you just stir it, it won't work enough of the fat through it and it will fall apart after it's baked. All in all, a nice, sweet, easy, cookie. I doubled and baked in a 9x13 as one review suggested. I followed the recipe including the part about incorporating the butter with my hands, as suggested. I also added some chopped pecans to the mixture to be more like a Pecan Sandie (my husband's favorite cookie). The mixture was loose, but definitely had enough butter to hold together when patted into the pan. I had about 6c of mixture and thought 4c would be too much in the bottom, so I used 3 & 3. This was really too much for a 9x13...probably (x1.75)  would be better proportion for a 9x13.  I thought they had a good flavor, but were dry and crumbly (around the edges). My husband thought they were perfect. So, I guess the deciding factor here would be how the consumer feels about a shortbread cookie. If you prefer a soft, chewey cookie this is NOT it. I made it with vanilla in the crumble, homemade grape jam and chopped prunes.  Yum yum! Really easy and lends itself to modifications for personal preferences. I added about 1/4 c chopped pecans that I'd roasted in advance, added 1/2 tsp vanilla extract to the oatmeal mix after incorporating butter, and reduced the sugar to about 1/3 cup. To the jam I added 1/2 tsp lemon juice and warmed the jam slightly in the microwave before spreading. I baked the bottom crust for about 10 minutes before adding the jam. Oh my goodness! These are so good. I did not have raspberry jam but I had homemade plum jelly in my cupboard!  It has a great crisp texture with that added pop of sweet plum. I’ll make again. Delicious and easy! I baked the bottom crust for 10 minutes before adding the jam and top layer. Didn't use the greased foil liner, but thoroughly coated the bottom and sides of my glass pan with shortening. Lovely! Everyone loves them. I added half the amount of sugar and about two tsp of debittered stevia. Made mine with a thick layer of apricot jam.... So good! Delicious, definitely a hit with my family. I made them gluten-free by substituting, gluten-free oatmeal and gluten-free flour. Also, I doubled the recipe and made them in a 13 x 9 pan and made 1/2 with cherry jam and the other with apricot. I think next time I will increase the jam a little bit because I didn’t have as much fruit flavor as I wanted. Also, I added a little bit of cinnamon to the crust. Definitely will make again! Not for us. Everyone that tried the Cookie Bars love them, in fact I am making more today to give to a neighbor. My question is can I double the recipe and use a larger pan?
