Simple Classic Chicken Pot Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/113131/simple-classic-chicken-potpie/
Adjust an oven rack to a low-center position and preheat to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Press one pie pastry into each of two 9-inch deep-dish pie pans. Reserve remaining pastries until needed. Combine broth and evaporated milk in a microwave-safe bowl; microwave on high until steamy, 3 to 4 minutes. At the same time, heat oil in a Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add onions and celery; sauté until just tender, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a bowl. Melt butter in the Dutch oven over medium heat. Whisk in flour and thyme, and cook until golden, about 1 minute. Whisk in hot milk mixture and bring to a simmer. Continue to simmer, stirring occasionally, until sauce thickens, about 1 minute. Remove the Dutch oven from the heat. Stir in wine, salt, and pepper. Add onion mixture, shredded chicken, frozen vegetables, and parsley; stir until well combined. Divide chicken mixture between the prepared pie pans. Place remaining pastries over top, and flute the edges by pinching with your fingers. Place both pie pans onto a baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until pastries are golden brown and filling is bubbly, 30 to 35 minutes.
Simply the best chicken potpie I have tasted and my family loves it. This is my second time making it and decided to use Sherry Cooking Wine, definitely tasted a lot better than White Wine. I would recommend a bottom and a top crust, but cook the bottom crust for about 5 minutes that way your bottom crust will be more crispy. Also, add a 15 oz can of diced potatoes and cut the frozen vegetables to 1 cup of carrots or corn and 1 cup of peas (if you like them) and I mixed everything in one pot this time and still turned out GREAT!!! Too many dishes last time. Thanks for a great recipe. Not good. Bland and chicken was so mushy. Gravy was way too thick. Would not make again. Best part about this recipe was the crust..and that was pre packaged. Overall not good. I've made this a few times and it comes out exactly the same and perfect and very easy it's almost second nature comes out the same every single time I can count on it and I'm not a good cook so I'm happy I love this recipe. Except it calls for white wine and I use cooking sherry.  These are great to make ahead and freeze. I have a food vacuum system,  so once I create my pot pie, I freeze it then bag it, seal it and it can last months.  But my husband knows they are there and he pulls them out every 6 weeks or so. Very yummy! Added a potato, fennel bulb diced small and splash more sherry.  Yum...definitely a keeper recipe.  Also freezes nicely.Have made it many times and will even put the mix in a casserole and top with biscuits instead of a crust. This was similar to my Mom's recipe.  I did add fresh sage to mine. If I had poultry season,  I would've added that too. I didn't use the sherry or wine,  but it was delicious. Best pot pie I’ve ever had. Even a mediocre cook like me was able to pull it off. I used extra chicken broth instead of Sherry and added potatoes and corn. Turned out delicious! This was great! Will for sure make it again! The skillet was licked clean. I didn’t have pre made pie crust so I made my own. The filling was fabulous! Highly recommend! The sherry really set this apart and was a great compliment in flavor. Aside from that this is a pretty basic pot pie. I do think the gravy was too thick and will not add so much flour next time.  Thanks for sharing
