Pumpkin Whoopie Pies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/11331/pumpkin-whoopie-pies/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease baking sheets. To make the cookie dough: Combine brown sugar and oil in a bowl. Mix in pumpkin and eggs, beating well. Add flour, cinnamon, ginger, cloves, salt, baking powder, baking soda, and vanilla together into a separate bowl. Fold dry ingredients into wet ingredients and mix to combine. Drop dough by heaping teaspoons onto the prepared baking sheets. Bake in the preheated oven for 10 to 12 minutes. Let cookies cool while you make the filling. To make the whoopie pie filling: Beat egg white in a bowl and mix in milk, vanilla, then 1 cup confectioners' sugar. Mix well then beat in shortening and remaining 1 cup confectioners' sugar. Beat until light and fluffy. Assemble once cookies are cool. Make sandwiches from two cookies filled with whoopie pie filling.
These are absolutely DELICIOUS. I made the batter as directed. The first batch of cookies flattened too much, but after the batter had sat for about 10 minutes, it thickened nicely and the cookies were perfect. I used a 2 tbsp. mini ice cream scoop so they'd be the same size, and I had no problems with them keeping a funky shape while baking. They smoothed out perfectly. I used a different filling: 1 large tub Cool Whip, 8 oz cream cheese, 2/3 cup sugar and 2 tsp. vanilla, whipped together. It was light, not too rich. The flavor of the pies was much better after they rested overnight. MAKE THIS RECIPE. You won't be disappointed.  Too much filling. Could have made little over half the recipe. Mine are of the non artists style super yummy though I substituted the icing with cream cheese ising. if worried about the raw egg, you can substitute it with 1 cup Marshmallow Fluff/Creme... this is how my family has always made them.. I make these a few times a year, my son absolutely loves them. I follow the recipe exactly, the pies are incredibly moist I've made these a couple times and everyone loves them!  I used the cream cheese/maple filling and sprinkle with powdered sugar, which makes a nice presentation on the platter of Whoopies.  I do think I'll use a bit more spice in the batter next time.  Just my preference for a bit more zing to the cookie.  Otherwise, these are wonderful and a hit with my friends and family. These little pies are so much work, but they are worth it! I used butter instead of shortening and it turned out great. These are amazing! Definitely need to let the batter set. I used a cookie scoop, and they baked longer than 10-12 minutes. Also used buttercream instead of the recipe provided for the icing. I've made these *multiple* times, and they're consistently fantastic! Like some reviewers have said, it helps a bit to let the batter sit for a few minutes. I usually use my two tablespoon measure for the dough,  that seems to create the perfect size. My dad eats these by the dozen... says they're even better than the ones at the local country market! I usually make a double batch cause let's face it, a single batch just ain't gonna last long round here. Definitely 10/10 would recommend.
