Banana Bread Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/11386/banana-bread-cookies/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line two baking sheets with parchment paper. Make the cookies: Combine flour, baking soda, and salt in a bowl. Beat shortening and white sugar in a bowl with an electric mixer until smooth. Beat in banana, eggs, and vanilla. Add dry ingredients and mix until combined; batter will be sticky. Drop rounded tablespoonfuls of dough 2 inches apart onto the prepared baking sheets. Bake in the preheated oven, switching racks halfway through, until lightly browned, 10 to 15 minutes. While the cookies are baking, make the glaze: Beat confectioners' sugar, butter, milk, and vanilla in a medium bowl until well combined. Add more milk as needed to attain a drizzling consistency. Remove cookies from the oven and transfer to wire racks. Drizzle glaze over warm cookies, then let cool for 25 minutes before serving.
These cookies were terrific with some major tweaking so I can only give them a 4, but after adjustment they are a 6! I followed the suggestion of adding an extra banana and using the banana butter icing from this site, but the dough was way too thin for cookies so I added 1 c. of quick oats as well. I also used half white sugar and half brown sugar just because I like cookies with brown sugar. The end result was phenomenal. I actually only iced half of them because my family liked them plain as well. They taste like muffin tops! I used unsalted butter instead of shortening, 3 bananas instead of 1, and no glaze. My children decorated them with sprinkles. 😉 Tasty! very good but I made a few changes. instead of baking soda I put in baking powder and I boiled one cup of raisins for a few min. till they got plumped up then cooled them I also added a teaspoon of cinnamon and lastly 2 bananas instead of one. you must try my version you will like it also . :) These are so good! I used 2 small bananas as that's what I had. I also used a bit less butter..  I didn't do the glaze, but put in a few vanilla flavored chipits. I think next time I'll just skip the chipits as they were really good on their own. I used 1 cup of butter instead of shortening and in place of 1c. Sugar, I used 1/2 c. Sugar and 1/2 c. Coconut palm sugar. really good soft banana cookies, I made a cream cheese frosting for them, absolutely "yummy! I have made these cookies a few times and think they are delicious following the recipe as written. I have also subbed regular shortening and put in a teaspoon of butter flavoring when I didn't have butter-flavored crisco. These cookies are a hit in my house. These are hands down, one of the best cookies I've ever made.  They taste like banana muffins tops and are INCREDIBLE.  I had planned to make the icing but after one bite of the cookies fresh from the oven, I realized they didn't need it.  I followed the recipe with the exception of  adding an extra banana and substituting shortening for butter (1:1 ratio). I used margarine in place of shortening, 2 bananas instead of 1, and 2 tsp baking powder instead of 1 tsp soda. They turned out so good. Very much like a muffin in cookie form. We loved them and didn't even put icing on them. I will definitely double the bananas and use powder instead of soda when I make them again. I don't think I would make them again but they were easy to make.  Spongy but we added some peanutbutter to the frosting and cream cheese to give it some life
