Grilled Wild Duck Breast
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/114442/grilled-wild-duck-breast/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir together Worcestershire sauce, olive oil, garlic, hot sauce, and pepper in a large bowl. Add duck breasts; toss well to coat. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator, 30 minutes to overnight. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the grill for medium-high heat. Remove duck from marinade and cook on the preheated grill to desired doneness, 5 to 7 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Discard marinade. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Excellent recipe. A tip for those who want to eliminate the "wild game" taste as much as possible is to soak the duck breasts in salted ice water for about an hour before using. I suggest about a Tablespoon of salt per quart. Make sure to use ice water as it will draw out blood. Then rinse the breasts thoroughly and quickly pat dry with paper towel before adding to the marinade. This recipe is a keeper! This is an excellent recipe. I followed the recipe exactly the way it is, except I added a little pinch of red pepper flakes to the marinade. I then cold smoked it on hickory for about 20 minutes before I put it over heat. I would highly recommend this recipe to anyone. It’s  juicy and flavorful. This was absolutely delicious!  I followed the advice of other commenters and did a brine for about 8 hours, rinsed, dried with towel then added the marinade (made the night before).  I let it marinate for about 8 hours.I cooked the breasts in a cast iron skillet on a medium-low heat.  Allow about 6 minutes per side then pull off and let the meat rest for about 7 minutes before cutting. Meat came out tender and medium rare.  Do not overcook or you will regret doing so.I also put the marinade in the pan after I cooked the meat and reduced it for a dipping sauce.  Would have been better if I had some wine for the reduction.Served with pan roasted potatoes.I will definitely try this again with the next mallard I harvest. The marinate is awesome!i leave the duck in cold salty water for a 4 hoursMy son thought was steak! I cut the Breast duck in half so cook fast , is excellent with black rice casserole Tasty!   Used this recipe for the duck and then added the duck to rice and stir fried vegetables. First time having duck really good. Didn’t have really any game tast My teenage son came home beaming on Thanksgiving morning after his first successful hunting venture with several skinless duck breast fillets. What now? We never eat game. I had gamey venison jerky once and could not choke it down, so I was leery of any recipe purporting to produce edible meat. Brined the breasts in ice water as others suggested. Followed the recipe exactly as written and grilled the breasts medium rare. TASTED LIKE BEEF STEAK! Tender and delicious! Every skeptic at the dinner table agreed. Can’t wait to use the cooked meat in fajitas, sandwiches, etc. I am so happy we can enjoy the duck my son brought home.  Thank you!! Wow!  Maybe it's the Worcestershire, but you could fool someone into thinking this is steak.  This dish is fabulous as is.  Remember to pull the fat off the duck breast and marinade several hours.  Duck breast is expensive, but you won't be disappointed. I used brine with 3tsp non iodine sea salt per quart of cold water overnight for about 12hrs. I mixed up the marinade at the same time in a gallon ziploc bag. The next morning I took the breasts, dried them off, and transferred them to the marinade for the remainder of the day. We made them for supper that night. Grilled over high heat (550°F) for about 6 minutes a side. Turned out tender and not gamey tasting at all!Super recipe! Will be using it again, I think. And a definite recommendation to anybody who has never made wild duck before! I made this as the recipe states and it was delicious. I stopped grilling when it was about 145-150 degrees (about 20 minutes total.)
