Venison Meatloaf
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/115765/venison-meatloaf/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Mix together venison, crackers, egg, and 1 tablespoon brown sugar in a bowl. Season with mustard, garlic powder, onion flakes, cilantro, thyme, cinnamon, and paprika; mix well. Pat mixture into a 9x9-inch pan, or a loaf pan. Bake in the preheated oven to an internal temperature of 160 degrees F (70 degrees C), about 40 minutes. Stir together ketchup with remaining 1 tablespoon brown sugar. Spread on top of the meatloaf and place back in the oven for 10 minutes more.
This almost like my own recipe. I use sugar only in the topping. To cut down on the gamey taste(which I like BTW) make a double batch with one lb hamburger. I added mayonnaise to add fat to the venison. I added bread crumbs instead of crackers. I sautéed onions and tri-color peppers. I used smoked paprika. I used barbecue sauce. I guess I ended up doing my own thing. Oops. Made a few changes/additions to this one. I added some ground pork sausage and ground beef (1/4 each), regular mustard(was out of spicy brown), used Ritz Everything Crackers, and a few dashes of steak sauce and Worcestershire sauce for more flavor. Mixed some brown sugar and hot sauce to taste  in the store bought bbq sauce.  Came out pretty good. I made this recipe last night to take skiing today for lunch.  Everyone enjoyed it.  My wife thought that it was a little too dry.  Not sure what you can do because venison is less fatty than beef.  I'll experiment the next time I make it. Um, woah! HahaI cannot say enough about this dish. Wow. Blew my husband and I away. You must like sweet meats to enjoy but the flavor is undeniably delicious! My wife even said 5 stars. My first meatloaf and I nailed it. Delicious!!! I didn’t use any of the brown sugar and did add crushed red pepper and it was perfection! I don’t care for brown sugar at all so omitting it was great for me. I didn’t bake it with any sauce on top but used Spicy ketchup on it and it was so good. I am going to bake it with the Spicy ketchup on it this next time and see how that it. Great and very simple recipe!! This is a very flavorful venison meatloaf. Highly recommended. Substituted steel oats for crackers and added chopped peppers, sweet, mild, and jalepeno.  Used Pressure Cooker.  Needed a little salt (no crackers).
