Paul's Pumpkin Bars
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/11646/pauls-pumpkin-bars/
Gather cake ingredients and frosting ingredients. llrecipes/Victoria Jempt llrecipes/Victoria Jempt Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). To make the cake: Beat pumpkin puree, sugar, oil, and eggs with an electric mixer in a medium bowl until well combined. llrecipes/Victoria Jempt Sift together flour, cinnamon, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a separate bowl. llrecipes/Victoria Jempt Stir into pumpkin mixture until thoroughly combined. llrecipes/Victoria Jempt Spread batter evenly into an ungreased 10x15-inch jelly roll pan. llrecipes/Victoria Jempt Bake in the preheated oven until cake bounces back when gently pressed, 25 to 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool. llrecipes/Victoria Jempt While the cake is cooling, make frosting: Beat together butter and cream cheese until smooth; stir in vanilla. Add confectioners' sugar a little at a time, beating until mixture is smooth. llrecipes/Victoria Jempt Spread frosting evenly on top of cooled cake. Cut into 24 squares. llrecipes/Victoria Jempt Enjoy!
These are a bit "cakey" for me - here is how I modified them to be PERFECT - and people at work obsess over them! I put in only 3 eggs, then instead of 15 oz of pumpkin, I put in a 30 oz can of pumpkin pie mix (I use Libby's). I then add an additional teaspoon of pumpkin pie seasoning to the flour mix, in addition to the cinnamon. I've got my baking time down to 27 minutes in my oven, which is just the point where the toothpick comes out clean for the first time. Then for the frosting, I add 8oz cream cheese, and double the rest of the frosting ingredients. PERFECT! I teach foods classes, one kitchen group found this recipe. The whole class was asking for it! The best part? It works with gluten free 1-to-1 flour with no adjustments!! I always make it with applesauce instead of oil and double the whole recipe for a 1/2 sheet pan. We can’t get enough of these!! I used CIRCEKITTY'S changes. It was exactly what I wanted, more bar like- not cake. I added a TBS of vanilla. I only had pumpkin filling, so I generously added 3 tsp of Penzey's pumpkin spice. OMG! these were so delicious! I've been making this recipe for years now... and it never lasts very long. I added some pumpkin spice to my batter just to add a little more flavor. Simple to make, and always popular. I made this last night for a family gathering and followed the adjustments that CirceKitty made and everyone loved it! My husband loves pumpkin pie and said this was better! To make it festive, I made a pumpkin face with candy corn and shelled, roasted pumpkin seeds. When I make this again, I made add the shelled pumpkin seeds to the mix itself. They added additional flavor and crunch. I was in a hurry, so I didn't take a picture. I will add one when I make this again! I work in the kitchen at a cc and this was such a huge hit  My desserts rarely sell out in a day but this recipe had them coming back for seconds! It needs for frosting so more cream cheese. And some Almond milk to smooth n thicken the frosting but overall a very good recipe I made these two day for my sisters birthday cake! It was such a great alternative to a traditional Fall birthday! Everyone raved they were so good and the frosting was amazing! These pumpkin bars are delicious!  I substituted applesauce for the vegetable oil and I reduced the sugar to one cup.  With the cream cheese frosting you won’t miss the extra sugar in the cake and it makes it a little healthier.  I also added some ground nutmeg and cloves.  You could top these with fresh whipped cream as well. I just made these and exact to the recipe aside from 1/2 applesauce and 1/2 oil. They turned out very moist! and the frosting was a good amount. I see some others don't think it's enough but I don't like the frosting to take away from the pumpkin. Great recipe I read several reviews before making these.  I did add more pumpkin and they turned out super moist! For the people who’s said there was not enough frosting, I truly have no idea why.  I ended up doubling the frosting and saved half.  These could use a little pumpkin pie spice. Mind you I am not a big one for spice but these could really benefit from a bit more spice.  Overall they were delicious!! Definitely a keeper. I always try to reduce sugar so for this recipe I added just under a cup.I also added fresh ground nutmeg.I had thought about adding whole wheat to give more texture but maybe next time.  The recipe is a stand by.  Very good. So simple and so tasty.  Will definitelake them again! I misplaced my MIL's recipe, so I tried this one, and it's the best pumpkin bar recipe ever!
