Homemade Mac and Cheese
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/11679/homemade-mac-and-cheese/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease an 8-inch square baking dish. otdash Meredith Food Studio To make the macaroni and cheese: Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add macaroni and simmer, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 8 minutes; it will finish cooking in the oven. Drain and transfer to the prepared baking dish. otdash Meredith Food Studio While the macaroni is cooking, melt 1/4 cup butter in a medium skillet over low heat. Whisk in flour and stir until the mixture becomes paste-like and light golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Gradually whisk 2 ½ cups milk into the flour mixture, and bring to a simmer. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in shredded Cheddar and finely grated Parmesan cheeses; season with salt and pepper. Cook and stir over low heat until cheese is melted and sauce has thickened, 3 to 5 minutes, adding up to 1/2 cup more milk if needed. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour cheese sauce over macaroni and stir until well combined. otdash Meredith Food Studio Make the bread crumb topping: Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add bread crumbs; cook and stir until well coated and browned. otdash Meredith Food Studio Spread bread crumbs over macaroni and cheese, then sprinkle with paprika. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until topping is golden brown and macaroni and cheese is bubbling, about 30 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Very creamy and yummy. If you think your sauce is too runny before pouring it over the macaroni, it's not. I was very nervous that my sauce was not thick enough, but once I poured it over the macaroni and baked it, the dish turned out wonderful! This is hands down our family's favorite recipe! The texture is perfect with just the right amount of cheese and bread crumb topping. Highly recommend! it was very good but I tried something different in cheeses Since I have a smoke house., I added crisp crumbled smoked bacon and used my smoked horse radish cheese, instead of Cheddar! Next time I will try my smoked cooper sharp w/ black pepper! YUMMY!! Thanks for sharing!! I took a little inspo from our trip to Hattie B’s (pimento Mac night cheese) in Nashville; This was absolutely Delicious I modified the recipe as follows:Smoked paprika instead of paprikaAdded 2 chopped jalepenos (seeds in)6 slices of thick smoked bacon.It was delicious! Great recipe, thank you. I like when people make changes. Gives me ideas to substitute when I don't have all the ingredients. I only had 2 cups of skim milk but I had 3/4 c of heavy cream. Didn't have sharp cheddar but had mild and added some velveeta and the pre shredded Kraft parmasian romano Asiago. I also used Panko for the bread crumb. Turned out creamy smooth and buttery. The sauce really does thicken with baking. This is sooooo good will make again and now know I can substitute without messing up. The only way this could have been better is to add crumbled bacon. Everything is better with bacon. Just go for a run after eating. It all balances out. I added a clove of garlic and about a half cup of ricotta cheese.. and for my other two cheeses mozzarella and chedder.. came put super yummy! This is my standby recipe for mac and cheese and it is awesome. Today I added some sauteed onions, peppers, and sausage, and a little spicy mustard and used half provolone and half mozzarella cheese to make a sausage and peppers inspired mac and cheese. I'm going to add garlic, parsley, and a little parmesan to the bread crumbs to make the crust like garlic bread. The perfect mac and cheese, I like to fry up some crispy bacon and add it to the mix with a little on top before putting the dish in the oven..delicious Left out the parmesan cheese and reduced the cheddar cheese by a 1/2 cup. Added some ham. The family loved it! Best homemade Mac and Cheese recipe we've tried. Thanks for sharing! LOVE this recipe! I also add sour cream and only use 2cups of (heavy cream) milk. Warm, cozy. perfect for chilly evenings. Some nites we add a beef smoked sausage-similar to the old weenies and macaroni, but better! I like how easy it was Needs more cheddar taste. Delicious but next time I will add more creamy cheese mixture. Overall it was good butt a little bland, I didn't use salt due to health reasons. But, I will make it again and have a few ideas on how to make it more flavorful. This is my first mac and cheese bake and it is PERFECT.   Ive never tried a baked macaroni that I liked until now. I stopped trying other people's baked macaroni years ago. was just making it for a friend but this is top notch. The only thing I did different was I used Ritz crackers and butter for the topping. Thank you so much for this. Oh and I used jumbo elbow noodles. Amazing.  I serve it in my Deli that food more than 100 people and they love it.
