American Lasagna
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/11729/american-lasagna/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook and stir ground beef, onion, and garlic in a large skillet over medium heat for 5 minutes; drain fat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix in diced tomatoes, tomato paste, brown sugar, basil, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, and oregano. Simmer meat sauce, stirring occasionally, for 30 to 45 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Meanwhile, bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook lasagna noodles in boiling water, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 8 minutes; drain. Lay noodles flat on towels; blot dry. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix together ricotta, 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese, eggs, parsley, and remaining 1 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Layer 1/3 of the noodles in the bottom of a 9x13-inch baking dish. Cover with 1/2 of the ricotta mixture. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cover the ricotta mixture with 1/2 of the mozzarella cheese, and 1/3 of the meat sauce. otdash Meredith Food Studio Repeat. Top with remaining noodles and meat sauce. Sprinkle 2 tablespoons Parmesan cheese over the top. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes. Let stand for 10 minutes before serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio Enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
WARNING... I made the receipe a day ahead as suggested. Although I thought it was odd, I saw the cook time was 30 min and followed directions without looking back at the cook and prep times listed at the top of the web page (when I hit PRINT, those didn't print out, just the actual receipe!). I should have known better. There must be a typeo at the bottom of the receipe, it does NOT cook in 30 min, but an hour and 30 like it says at the top! It was easy to figure out my mistake, and I should have prob known better, but in a rush I followed the receipe and planned for 30 min. Now we'll have to wait another 60 to eat. Oops. I hope it's as wonderful as everyone says, it smells fabulous! And DO add some extra tomato sauce and water to the sauce. easy to make My family absolutely loved this. I made a couple of changes. I did 50% ground beef and 50% sweet Italian sausage. I added a 1/2 cup of red dry wine while cooking the meat mixture. I also used a smaller onion and added a whole diced shallot. This was a great Lasagna! I did just use it as a guideline. I always add to taste and texture . I used 2lbs of lean ground beef and seasoned accordingly added more paste and tomatos also topped with cheese. This was moist and is a family favorite 😍. I will send a pic when it comes out of the oven. Made meat gravy as instructed using half sausage and half beef, then added a glass of red wine and fresh mushrooms to the meat sauce gravy. Layered as directed using uncooked lasagna noodles. Topped with provolone cheese instead of a sprinkle of Parmesan. Covered and baked 1 hour, then removed foil and baked for an additional half hour. This was excellent!  Will make it again in about two weeks.  Thank you for sharing your recipe. Finally, finally, FINALLY gave this a try.  I thought it was pretty good!  We have a different lasagna recipe that my family loves but everyone thought this one was good, too.Next time I will try substituting crushed tomatoes for the diced, like someone else suggested.  I also covered the sauce as it simmered, which will help keep it from drying out.I followed the instructions where it said to cover with foil & bake 1 hour and then uncover and bake another 20 min.  I had to take it out before the last 20 minutes were up because it was getting too brown (I suspect my oven is baking at a higher temp than I'm setting it at, the sneaky thing.).All in all it was really good! I made this tonight for dinner.  My first lasagna! Almost completely followed the recipe exactly except for using oven-ready lasagna instead of using the one's to boil.  I thought it was  a good recipe and it was a family-pleaser.  I will make again, however, I will substitute a combination of sausage and ground beef instead of entirely ground beef.  Thank you allrecipes! Really GoodI did add about 1/4 cup red wine and 1/4 cup water ( didn’t measure just poured) to the sauce.  Only thing I would do differently is only add 1 Tablespoon of brown sugar so it’s not so sweet (just my preference). Read reviews b/4 making. It is the best I've ever had even from a restaurant! I didn't have basil so it was omitted. I added everything else including an additional ( 14.5 oz) can of diced tomatoes as suggested by another review since the sauce did seem pretty thick. I used finely shredded parmesan instead of grated.  Baked it according to the "Editor's Note" ; for 1 hr covered with foil sprayed with cooking spray & then uncovered for 20 min. more. It was so good. My family  said my lasagna was good but this was more flavorful & liked it better. No need to look for another recipe. This is it!! I love this recipe although I never did know it was the "American Style"The only thing I do differently is to use the "oven ready" style of noodle which I like better, they're thinner, the first time I had them was in Rome when we lived there for a couple of years they were the only type I could find, when we came home I loaded up on several boxes only to find out that our local store had them too!
