Baked Ziti
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/11758/baked-ziti-i/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add ziti pasta, and cook until al dente, about 8 minutes; drain. otdash Meredith Food Studio Meanwhile, brown ground beef and onion in a large skillet over medium heat; stir in spaghetti sauce and simmer for 15 minutes. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Butter a 9x13-inch baking dish. otdash Meredith Food Studio Spread 1/2 of the ziti in the bottom of the prepared dish. otdash Meredith Food Studio Top with Provolone cheese. otdash Meredith Food Studio Top with sour cream. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add 1/2 of the meat sauce, remaining ziti, mozzarella cheese, and remaining meat sauce. Top with grated Parmesan cheese. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until heated through and cheeses have melted, about 30 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Just made this dish for dinner tonight and it was delicious. Instead of greasing the pan (I used a Pyrex dish) with butter, I sprayed a light coating of Pam; the pan was a breeze to clean afterward. Per some of the suggestions other reviewers made, I added minced garlic and had put the sauce directly on the ziti, before the provolone. Because I like the pasta to soak up the flavor of the sauce, I did the same for the top layer ziti, (adding the sauce to the ziti before the mozerella cheese). Since I wasn't sure if doing so would make the pasta too soft, I shaved a minute off of the suggested pasta boiling time. It came out perfect, this recipe is a keeper. I added another layer of provolone slices after the second layer of ziti noodles making it extra cheesy and used Italian sausage instead of beef. My family loved it. The only changes I made was to mix the sauce in with the ziti as others suggested, added minced garlic to the meat & onions & increased the provolone & mozzarella to 8 oz each. I also covered the dish with tin foil so that it would not dry out. Made a few changes & it turned out great!Used 2 28oz cans of cento crushed tomatoes instead of pasta sauce , added 2 cloves of garlic to the onions just before adding the beef. 2 Tbs of chopped basil just before adding the tomato sauce. Then used nonfat greek yogurt instead of the sour cream and Romano instead of Parmesan on top. Finally, olive oil to coat the pan instead of butter. My 8 year old son...who usually just wants mac & cheese or chicken nuggets...asked if he could have it again for dinner tomorrow night! That's a WIN I used ricotta one egg and noodles mixed together like many suggested also half beef half sweet ground sausage otherwise followed recipe. It was so amazing and flavorful . Maybe would try to do more cheese on the noodles. This is a GREAT baked ziti recipe (and I'm Italian-don't mind at all if it has sour cream-what counts is it tastes great). -----------------Modified to easy-to-buy supermarket items: ------3 jars (24 oz or similar) tomato sauce (Good Brand like Rao's or Victoria, Marinara Style) ------8 oz sliced Provolone cheese, NOT SMOKED (packaged) ------1 pint Whole milk Sour Cream ------8 oz Shredded Whole Milk Mozzarella (packaged) ------13x9x3 Aluminum Pan ------Leave out Beef and Onion for Veggie VersionAdd 1 jar of sauce on the bottom of greased pan to start, then follow recipe instructions.Have it home, or better yet, bring it to friends - they'll think you're an incredible gourmet Italian chef.-------------------------P.S. ----needless to say, but use DeCecco Ziti Great Baked ziti. I changed the layering and saved a small amount of sauce for over the top layer of cheese. Also added some chopped garlic. Everything needs garlic. This was delicious and easy. I had never made baked ziti before so was a bit nervous when making for guests for the first time. I made a double batch and was impressed with how easy it truly was. I did make one minor adjustment per several reviews- instead of the 1 1/2 cups of sour cream, I used 3/4 cup sour cream and 3/4 cup ricotta for each batch. While I'm sure the recipe as stated would have yield excellent results, I know I will continue with the sour cream/ricotta mixture in the future. The ricotta gave a nice taste and texture while the sour cream added a lovely, mild zip. Oh, and I chopped up some garlic and added it to the onion and beef while browning. I covered the dish with aluminum foil and baked for 25 minutes then removed the foil for an additional 10 minutes of baking time. Served with an arugula salad with lemon vinaigrette and garlic bread. Perfection. Best part- I have some leftovers for another meal. Mmmmmm. Thanks for the outstanding recipe. Simply awesome. The only thing I added was some slices of cooked Italian sausage. Other than that I layered differently: ziti then sauce, meat cheese, sour teem. I mixed the sauce into the ziti before adding other layers. My family demolished this, no leftovers! Great with a salad and wine :-) This was amazing!! We couldn't stop eating it. Don't listen to the other reviews that say to use ricotta instead of sour cream. If you want a Ziti recipe that uses ricotta there are plenty on here. The sour cream is what makes this recipe! The only changes I made were that I used ground turkey instead of beef and whole wheat noodles and a mixture of fat free and light sour cream and just used the cheese I had on hand which were mozzarella and muenster. I would give this 10 stars if I could!! Oh I also mixed the sauce with the bottom layer of noodles as another reviewer suggested and I did cover it while I bakes it. I prepared this recipe for a dinner party and after reading tons of reviews I made mine the following way: Boiled one 14 ounce whole wheat penne noodles for 8 mins. While that was boiling I browned the ground beef with onions and garlic, drained, and then simmered with sauce. I layered as follows: sauce mixture, noodles, cheese, sour cream, repeat. This filled my 9x13 pan to the max. Covered and let chill over night. I then took this out an hour before I wanted to bake to let it reach room temp before cooking COVERED. This recipe was well received with most people going back for seconds. I even have a lot left over, so this can totally feed a large crowd, and what is great is that it can be prepared before hand. My family doesn't like whole wheat pasta, but cooked this way they had no idea. Loved it! Thanks. I took the suggestion to mix the ziti with the sauce!!  Simple, easy and delicious!!! I used a combination of ground beef and Italian sausage plus double the provolone cheese. Instead of granted parm cheese I used fresh grated. Ad's tons of flavors Recipe and flavor was awsome.. This greedy family ate both pans in 2 days💕💕 I used about 20 oz of ground Italian hot sausage instead of ground beef and went a little heavier on the mozzarella and provolone than I called for (I used about 10oz of mozzarella and eight slices of provolone).  Other than that, I followed the recipe as written. The result was delicious, like lasagna, with much less prep time.  I'll probably stick with the sausage when I make it next time. I think plain old ground beef might make the dish a little bland for my taste. In any event, this recipe's proportions and cooking time are spot on (as the 7k five-start reviews seem to indicate). It's a keeper! Well, I’m home by myself for a week as my wife is taking care of the grandchildren in Kentucky. No problem I can cook and one of my favorites is baked ziti!   I need a recipe for everything I cook to keep me honest and on task so I found this one to be a lot of fun.  I ran out of my own homemade sauce  with sweet Italian sausage and had too much ricotta and sour cream. Excuse me, I didn’t tell you that I mixed a bag of grated Parmesan cheese with the ricotta and sour cream. I was terrified that I made a mistake in the recipe and I’d never be able to eat again, but it turned out great! The mixup really didn’t matter and of course there was no one here to criticize me so I got off the hook.  The dishes came out to be the best.  I started with a 9 x 9 and ended up with two 9 x 9 in Pyrex , I did cover them with aluminum foil to save the moisture. The second batch was made with a Vodka sauce, and turned out to be fabulous.Italian food is wonderful as you know and there would be no happiness without it as John Goodman noted.  I guess I’m saying that you can’t screw up Italian food by mixing up different kinds of grated cheese.  I have fresh basil in my garden and added five or six leaves to each of the 9 x 9 ‘s. I also added a sprig  from the top of the bush as garnish.  Yes, it did dry out, but tasted fabulous with the mouthful of vodka sauce and more cheese. I found a provolone-mozzarella shredded mix in a bag so I sprinkled this on the vodka dish.  I’ve enjoyed both dishes  for several days and hope to repeat the vodka sauce, ziti for my wife when and if she comes home.  Thanks for the recipe. I used sweet Italian ground sausage instead of beef. What a great recipe! Can easily alter to any diet. I used faux meat crumbles and spicy marinara sauce. Followed the recipe exactly and this will be a staple!
