Easy Canned Venison
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/117537/easy-canned-venison/
Inspect a pint-sized jar for cracks. Immerse in simmering water for 5 minutes. Wash a new, unused lid and ring in warm soapy water. Meanwhile, toss venison, garlic, salt, and pepper in a large bowl until well combined. Place venison into the sterilized jar along with onion and bell pepper. Wipe the rim with a clean, damp cloth, and seal with lid and ring. Place the jar into a pressure canner filled with water according to manufacturer's instructions. Cover and bring to a boil with the pressure valve open. Boil for 5 minutes before closing the pressure valve. Bring to a pressure of 10 psi, then reduce the heat in order to maintain this pressure. Process for 75 minutes, watching the gauge closely so the pressure stays at 10 psi. After 75 minutes, turn off the heat and allow the canner to cool until the gauge reads 0 psi. Once the pressure has subsided and the canner is safe to open, remove the jar and set on a rack to cool. The jar will seal with a pop as it cools; refrigerate the jar if it does not seal. Properly sealed jars may be stored in a cool, dark area.
This is great! I can everything but the back straps, and it tastes great from head to tail! And it does not matter if its an old buck or a little doe it always comes out delicious! Straight and to the point. Easy to do and understand. Read the whole recipe saw where it said pint jars. 7 Pints fit in bottom of 23qt Pressure Cooker.This  was really good. Wife not a venison fan, really liked it. Already grabbed her recipe book to make meals with. Tastes a lot like pot roast. only used 3 rings (not entire slices) of spanish onion per pint. This turns out great! So sad there is so many people that thought it was helpful when someone posted saying they didn’t state what jar they were using. It stays in the recipe that they use pint size jars. It states way up at the top of the recipe- yields 1 pint jar.  Most meats are 70 minutes for pints and 90 minutes for quarts! Happy canning!! Great recipe! I added the spices to each jar instead of mixing in the meat.. Also added a little beef bouillon I was not a fan of venison. I will eat canned venison any time! This recipe is very simple and very good. This was easy. My husband is a vivid hunter and he has been asking me forever to can some deer meat. After weeks and days of searching for an recipe, and this is why i’m rating it. This seemed to fit my needs. He had the butcher cut up meat for canning. Took other reviewers suggestions and added some Asian beef soup base for flavor and omitted the salt, and added some diced jalapeño in place of Green pepper for more kick up flavor. I had three pounds and it divided nicely and evenly into 3 half qt jars.  haven’t tried it but it looks good and can’t wait to try over butter noddles, steam rice, garlic mash taters,etc. No changes to the recipe aside from a bit more garlic, also didn't have an green pepper so that was excluded. I just did a pound last night and ended up with 3 half pint jars. This was a trial run. I just cracked one of them and it was good, but a bit salty. I ate it from the jar with a fork. This would work well if added to a stew or vegetable soup! The only whole meat i had left was a backstrap so thats what i used. Of course very tender and falling apart. I'd like to try with some different cuts so i need to get back out in the woods before the season ends. The meat i used was in the freezer for a year and turned out great. Now i wish i had not made so much burger. Overall i'm very pleased with the result and thank you for posting this. This is a great way to process venison! Stores well... no freezer burn... readily available for BBQ sandwiches, soup, nuggets, or chili.
