Hearty Vegetable Lasagna
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/11786/hearty-vegetable-lasagna/
Cook lasagna noodles in a large pot of boiling water for 10 minutes, or until al dente. Rinse with cold water, and drain. Heat oil in a large saucepan. Add mushrooms, green peppers, onion, and garlic; cook and stir until tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in pasta sauce and basil; bring to a boil. Reduce heat, and simmer for 15 minutes. While the sauce is simmering, mix together ricotta, 2 cups mozzarella cheese, and eggs in a medium bowl. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13-inch baking dish. Spread 1 cup cooked tomato and vegetable sauce into the bottom of the prepared baking dish. Lay down 1/2 of the lasagna noodles and layer 1/2 each of the ricotta mix, sauce, and Parmesan cheese on top. Repeat layering again with noodles, ricotta mix, sauce, and Parmesan cheese. Top with remaining 2 cups mozzarella. Bake in the preheated oven, uncovered, for 40 minutes. Let stand for 15 minutes before serving.
Finally! A veggie lasagna I like. I added thawed and drained frozen spinach to the ricotta mixture (what is lasagna without spinach?), and I also followed other suggestions and added about 3/4 cup each of finally chopped carrot, broccoli, and zucchini. It was great. This recipe has become my mainstay for veggie lasagna. Thanks! Loved the recipe. I used squash and zucchini instead of bell peppers. I followed the rest of the recipe, and it was a success! We loved it! My husband said it’s the best lasagna he’s ever had which is saying a lot bc he’s super picky. This is a real keeper for sure. Next time I will add spinach. I substituted cottage cheese for ricotta because I had in hand.  I added a layer of shredded zucchini to up the vegetables.  It was wonderful.  I will make again. I made it with spinach instead of bell peppers. This is my go-to lasagna recipe, now. I added spinach to the ricotta mixture. (frozen and squeezed out).Next time I will use more sauce on the layers. I had a lot left over that I put on top. I also used the co-cook lasagna noodles. I made this for Christmas because everyone could eat it (including vegetarian relatives). I thought it turned out well but had too many noodles and too much sauce. I used a 16 oz package of noodles like the recipe said, but I think about 1/3 should have been left out. I also only used 1 1/2 jars of sauce because 2 jars seemed like too much. To the sauce, I added some frozen zucchini and fresh grated carrot in addition to the fresh peppers, mushrooms and onions. I also added a little seasoned salt and a sprinkle of dried parsley in addition to the garlic and basil. To the ricotta mix, I added a bag of frozen spinach (rinsed in a colander first and pressed to get all the extra water out). I thought the flavor was great. My only criticism is the amount of noodles and sauce. If both of those are reduced a little, this lasagna recipe is worth making! This recipe is really good and quite easy to make! I do feel like you could add more veggies though. Carrots, zucchini, spinach, all would be nice additions to the mushrooms, onions, and peppers. We really enjoyed this recipe and with a few adjustments (more veggies, a pinch of salt and a little nutmeg to the ricotta mixture), I could see this ending up on our regular menu! It's a great way to do Meatless Monday for sure! Not bad, but, not great . My sister and I couldn't both were saying that it was "missing" something.  We just couldn't figure out what that was.
