Easy Chicken Tetrazzini
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/11780/easy-chicken-tetrazzini/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Put cooked spaghetti noodles into 9x13-inch baking dish. Place chicken on top of spaghetti. Bring condensed soup, water, butter, and bouillon to a boil in a medium saucepan. Pour soup mixture over pasta and chicken. Sprinkle Cheddar on top and press down a bit. Bake in the preheated oven for 25 minutes.
My new favorite!!! I used a whole fryer, reserving ALL of the broth and straining it. Many other reviewers said to add 1 cream of chicken and 1 cream of mushroom soup, and that's what I did. I also used chicken broth instead of water for the saucepan mixture. I also added 1/4 tsp. garlic powder and 1/4 tsp onion powder, and I salted and peppered to taste as well. I boiled Angel Hair pasta 16 oz. in the remaining chicken broth, It made ALL the difference in the world! I used a Kroger brand cheese, they have a wonderful medium sharp cheddar, yum! To top off the cheese I sprinkled a little Progresso Italian style bread crumbs over all(another reviewersuggestion). I think you could lay some broccoli, or some other green on top of pasta and pour chicken mixture on top of that and have a one dish meal. I also think I remember that from another reviewer, thanks. The recipe I had was SO bland, but not this one, full of flavor! Oh, and I did put in mushrooms and it was wonderful!!! Thanks so much for the new addition to my recipe box. I am not a creative cook that throws in a pinch of this and a little of that, I cook strictly from recipies 80% of the time, so these reviews from everyone really help me. Thank you to EVERYONE!!! This was good just need a little bit more flavor 😋 was very good,  can you freeze it. My family loves this dish! The sauce could of been a bit thicker, so I made it a second time with plain old milk instead of the water, so much better. Easy fix. Very easy recipe, I used thighs and one can of cream of mushroom and cream of chicken. Had to make some changes as I was using what I had on hand. Used cream of mushroom, and chicken broth instead of bouillon & water. I only had 1 can of the condensed soup so I had to play around with the proportions and mine probably didn't turn out as creamy as it's meant to be, but it still turned out yummy I am not a cook and do not like cooking, but I did make this and it was even easy for me. My wife and I both liked it. I will definitely be making it again!! Quick, easy, and pretty good if you can find low sodium COC soup! It was pretty good! I mixed some ricotta in with the noodles. I added some chicken seasoning and garlic to the chicken when I baked it which added some flavor. I also added peas to half since not everyone likes them. But I did!
