Arrabbiata Sauce
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/11839/arrabbiata-sauce/
Heat oil in a large skillet or saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and garlic; cook and stir until softened, about 5 minutes. Stir in diced tomatoes, wine, tomato paste, sugar, basil, lemon juice, red pepper flakes, Italian seasoning, and black pepper; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium and simmer, uncovered, for about 15 minutes. Stir in parsley. Ladle sauce over hot cooked pasta of your choice. Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
This is a really awesome sauce... and for those of you who don't know, Arrabbiata Sauce is SUPPOSED to be spicy... so make basic spaghetti sauce if you don't like spicy foods to spare this recipe the bad reviews. Anyway, this recipe was great with some extras thrown in like chopped spinach and kalamata olives... I'll definitely make this again! This sauce was so good I had to make an account just to say how good it is. It became instant family favorite. First time followed the recipe exactly as is, and it is delicious! Also awesome base to add your own twist to it. I also used halved cherry tomatoes, Calabrian chilis & Rotel in lieu of diced canned tomatoes. I prefer to reduce with white wine, finish with 2TBS of butter capers, Parmesan & fresh herbs. good sauce, skip the sugar and docked 2 points for that 3/8 cup measurement. use tablespoons like a normal person AWESOME!!! Great combo of flavors. I added some extra basil 🌿  this is amazing sauce ♥️ No red wine vinegar or chilli flakes Loved this. Few changes that I thought made it perfect:-No sugar-Sauteed mushrooms and cherry peppers with the onion and garlic This was very good and easy to make.  I served it over ricotta gnocchi (recipe on this site). My family loved this recipe. I added crushed tomatoes for a smoother texture, more chili pepper flakes and zero sugar.  It turned out so great that they requested it for dinner tonight 🙂 Awesome sauce!  No changes needed.  Made with sweet Italian sausage and it was delicious!!!  Will make again and again!
