Slow Cooker Lasagna
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/11959/slow-cooker-lasagna/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook ground beef, onion, and garlic in a large skillet over medium heat until the meat is browned. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add tomato sauce, tomato paste, salt, and oregano and stir until well combined and heated through. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir mozzarella, cottage cheese, and Parmesan together in a large bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Spoon a layer of the meat mixture onto the bottom of a slow cooker. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add a double layer of uncooked lasagna noodles, breaking noodles to fit into cooker as needed. otdash Meredith Food Studio Top noodles with a portion of cheese mixture. otdash Meredith Food Studio Repeat the layering of sauce, noodles, and cheese until all the ingredients are used. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cover and cook on Low until lasagna noodles are tender, about 4 to 6 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio
We really enjoyed this!! I did some playing around with it as others have. Replaced the cottage cheese with Ricotta and I used more tomato sauce and paste to make more of the sauce as I have one of the old crockpots that's just huge. I also put in some Italian seasoning and some roasted garlic. Just make sure that all your noodles are covered with the sauce and it will come out just great. The time was a little different for me too. It only took about 4 1/2 to 5 hours in my pot, but you have to remember that all crockpots are not the same, the size and shape can change the timing a great deal. I've made this twice now and it has come out wonderful both times. I serve it with Mama D's Italian bread (from this site) and a salad and what a meal!! Thanks Kim for a great way to make homemade lasagna without all the fuss! Nobody in my family believed that it was from the crockpot!!! I LOVE IT and my Italian Mother loves it too !!! I am planning on making it again after I make a large batch of spaghetti sauce in my slow cooker. I will use the sauce in the lasagna :) This was the best lasagna I ever made. It came out very good. Easy to follow receipe. I have been making lasagna for a  long time! Never tried a slow cooker for lasagna. It came out fantastic! I substituted the cottage cheese for ricotta cheese. It’s lower in saturated fat. It came out perfect!
