Linguine with Clam Sauce
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/11951/linguine-with-clam-sauce/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook linguine at a boil until tender yet firm to the bite, about 11 minutes. Drain. otdash Meredith Food Studio While the pasta is cooking, combine clams with juice, oil, butter, parsley, basil, garlic, and pepper in a large saucepan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook over medium heat until boiling. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve warm clam sauce over pasta. otdash Meredith Food Studio
My husband and I are both Italian, so everything I make has to be authentic! This recipe is wonderful. I followed the ingredients as written, (except for using olive oil, of course!!)I know the amount of oil and butter may scare some, but it does make the dish. There are other recipes using only clam juice and wine as the base, but I find them not as decadent with lack of substance (much lower in fat and calories though:). I did sautee the garlic first(tons of garlic!), added crushed red pepper, and thickened it with some fresh parmesan at the end. I know some reviewers used cornstarch and flour, and that may have been good, but I was scared to do it!Anyway, thanks for the recipe! Good basic recipe, but sauté the minced garlic in butter until fragrant . Use more cloves if they are small. Can add chopped onion too but sauté onion first then add garlic. Add clam juice, spices, & wine to pan, simmer slowly. Add drained, chopped clams to juices in pan at the end to heat them through. Boiling canned clams makes them tough. Maybe because canned clams are already cooked. Add about a tablespoon of butter to drained, cooked pasta & toss to coat. Spoon clams & juice over pasta. I use 2 cans chopped clams and 1/2 package of linguine for 2 servings. Perhaps less clam juice. It was really good  I too, used olive oil instead of veg oil!.  I also swapped the amounts of butter and olive oil, becauseI was low on olive oil.  It was great that way. I used fresh parsley, basil and garlic because I had it on hand.  i did add the chicken broth I had never thought of trying that! I used freshly grated parmesan on top.  I will definitely make this again. Easy and tasty. Substituted with olive oil and added extra clams. if you want, skip the oil completely, add about teaspoon and a half of lemon juice per can. i think between the butter and the clam juice it creates enough sauce with the butter. like others mentioned, you'll probably want to double this recipe for a pound of pasta and used chopped clams instead of minced. Vegetable oil? GFY! I use olive oil. Never use veg. oil! I used twice the garlic, minced, and sautéed it in the oil for about a minute.  Added butter, fresh chopped parsley, basil, fresh milled black pepper, 1/4 tsp red pepper flakes, some squeezed fresh lemon juice to taste, and then added 3/4 C half and half cream and 1/4  c or more of finely grated fresh Parmesan cheese. Simmer about 3 min on med low. Add more cream for a richer sauce and simmer while stirring. Don’t let the cheese stick to the bottom of the pan! When sauce is hot, add 3 fresh med size chopped fresh tomatoes and warm about a minute while stirring. Place pasta in large bowl and pour the hot mixture over the pasta and fold in until the fettuccini is evenly coated with the rich sauce. Serve immediately at the table.Great with a crusty sour dough garlic bread, a green salad, and a nice glass of Cabernet. Simple and delicious
