Pasta Bake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/11969/pasta-bake/
Bring a large pot of lightly salted boil water to a boil. Cook mostaccioli until al dente, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain well. Meanwhile, cook ground beef and onions in a skillet over medium heat until browned. Combine mushrooms, spaghetti sauce, shredded mozzarella cheese, pasta, and ground beef-onion mixture in a large bowl. Transfer to a greased 9x13-inch casserole dish. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) until very hot, about 20 minutes.
Made a few modifications. Was pretty good. Added some italian seasoning and used only cup of mozzarella and added some parmesan. Next time I will use fresh mushrooms, the canned ones just didn't do it for me. Will def make again Used shells and added ricotta to make a heartier dish.  Also added extra mozzarella and mushrooms as we love cheesy pasta. As I cooked the onions, adding  in the mushrooms from the can(what I found in my pantry), I used sausage for my meat and used 1 cup of grated cheddar cheese and 1 cup grated mozzarella cheese. For Seasoning--I kept it simple with salt and black pepper. Very good and different. My family loved it and I did make some changes like fresh baby Bella mushrooms chopped and Italian seasoning in roasted garlic sauce.  Plus some Parmesan cheese in addition to the mozzarella. Has become a family favorite! making it tonight minus the mushrooms added garlic bread. I messed up and made 2 many noodles but it's still yummy I’ve made this about five times in 2020, and it’s a great base recipe for variations on baked pasta. You can cut mushrooms and onions, use dried minced onions. You can substitute ground sausage and you can change the kind of pasta you use. It’s just a great source for the measurements for an always tasty pasta bake! I used colored rotini and cheddar cheese because that is what I had available.  Used others suggestion of using Italian powdered salad dressing. I used colored rotini and cheddar cheese because that is what I had available.  Used others suggestion of using Italian powdered salad dressing. Made this since it was quick and easy, used Monterey Jack cheese instead of Mozzarella.
