Easy Lasagna
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/12011/easy-lasagna-ii/
Gather all ingredients and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir ground beef in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and discard grease. Stir in spaghetti sauce and simmer for 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine cottage cheese, 2 cups of mozzarella cheese, eggs, 1/2 of the grated Parmesan cheese, dried parsley, salt, and pepper in a large bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Spread 3/4 cup of sauce in a 9x13-inch baking dish. Cover with 3 uncooked lasagna noodles, 1 3/4 cups of cheese mixture, and 1/4 cup sauce; repeat layers once more. Top with remaining 3 noodles, sauce, mozzarella, and Parmesan cheese. Pour 1/2 cup water along the edges of the dish. Cover tightly with aluminum foil. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven for 45 minutes. Uncover and bake for an additional 10 minutes. Let stand 10 minutes before serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
My husbands absolute favorite thing to eat is lasagna and I've been looking for an easy to make lasagna recipe- paticularly one where I didn't have to boil the noodles and one I could use store bought sauce. He's a pretty tough lasagna critic and he liked it alot. This was so easy to make and I'm glad I finally found an easy recipe to satisfy my husband's lasagna needs. The only change I made to the recipe was using ricotta cheese instead of cottage cheese- it turned out great! I ended up putting more meat in the pan cause 1lb didn’t look like it was enough so I used 2 lbs. I just used a store brand spaghetti sauce and it was good however, next time I think I will get a sauce that’s more rich. I also started out layering by the measurements in the recipe, but again it was not enough meat for its layer. I ended up just doing equal amounts of everything while layering, used extra cheese, and threw a little cheddar on top as well! It’s a good and simple recipe. I’ll be making this again. It’s floating in water. I knew it didn’t sound right. To add 1/2 cup water then cover tightly with foil. The water didn’t have anyplace to go. And the 10 minutes uncovered at the end was not enough to evaporate the water. I’m disappointed because there is no way 839 people followed this recipe and gave it 5 stars. So I wasted all these ingredients. I will not be using allrecipes again. If they can’t do a simple amount of qc then I will find another site. They had to have changed the recipe after the 839, 5 star reviews were given. I feel setup. Never again. I used turkey meat instead of beef. It was good, but like most people said there was too much cheese mixture. I wonder if people were using 8 oz of cheese as indicated on a package rather than actually measuring 8 oz in a measuring cup. I did that and I found that 8 oz per the bag is way more than 8 oz in a measuring cup, so that could be it.I actually saw another recipe where it said to put the lasagna pieces in water to let them loosen up so I did that and it was just fine. The only thing I would do differently is maybe use ricotta cheese and reduce some of the liquid somehow because it was good, but in some places a little runny..maybe I could have drained the turkey meat a little better. Put the pan on a cookie sheet, it will spill over the top.. It was great the grandkids want me to make it again   what I loved is   that it wasn't so much that had to go in it and it taste great. This recipe was delicious but I would like to know if it can be made the night before and baked and served the next day?? I would like to make it again!! Thanks! I changed this up big time... as always. But for the base of something special it works great! My 3 granddaughters absolutely love papa's rendition. I had ricotta cheese instead of cottage cheese and added diced tomato to sauce. Delicious!! Wonderful, easy to make again. Easy is right, and so good.  We have over 1/2 left(picture) for the freezer and another easy dinner
