Three Cheese Baked Pasta
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/12073/three-cheese-baked-pasta/
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook pasta in boiling water until al dente. Drain. Meanwhile, cook ground meat and onion in a skillet over medium heat, stirring frequently, until meat is browned. Stir in pasta sauce, reduce heat, and simmer for 15 minutes. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9x13 inch baking dish. Layer the ingredients in the prepared baking dish as follows: half of the cooked pasta, all the provolone cheese, all the sour cream, half of the sauce mixture, remaining pasta, mozzarella cheese, and remaining sauce mixture. Top with grated Parmesan cheese. Bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes, or until bubbly.
Very good. I used ground turkey instead of ground beef. I also used 8 oz each of the provolone & mozzarella cheeses, since that's the size package they came in. 1 1/2 cup sour cream equaled about a 16 oz container, and the 6 1/2 cups spaghetti sauce equaled about a regular (26-27 oz) size jar. Leftovers were great, too. Came out great. Very filling meal This was really good. I didn't want to wait for the baking, so I combined all in the pot (after straining). Excellent. I didn't have Provolone on hand, so had to go without it. Still really good! (Sorry to those who don't like someone commenting if they didn't follow the recipe exactly--I still thought it was worth commenting on.) Three grown ups for dinner everyone loved it. Used my own sauce recipe and followed the rest ... This time added a handful or two of spinach to use it up and bow tie pasta made this but substituted the beef with Italian sausage and added diced green peppers. I also added fresh sliced mozzarella on top. perfect! This is a good pasta dish and easy to make ( I used penne pasta). I didn’t change anything other than adding some ground pepper, red pepper flakes, Italian seasoning and fresh garlic to the meat and onion while cooking for a little extra flavor. I used two 24 ounce jars of sauce (for a total of 6 cups). I also used the entire 8 oz packages of thinly sliced provolone and shredded mozzarella.  I didn’t think 1 lb of meat was enough but it turned out okay.  It barely fits in a 9x13 pan, so if you have a larger pan use it!  I baked for about 40 minutes and served with garlic bread.  It wld look better if mozzarella cheese was on top. I just made this for dinner tonight and it was good. I didn't have all the ingredients so I had to improvise. I didn't have provolone or sour cream so I used whatever mixed cheddar Jack I had and plain yogurt in place of the s.c. I had to doctor up the meat sauce however (so glad I tasted it before assembling it),  it was too bland for my taste. I added Italian seasoning, salt and garlic to the meat while cooking... was much better after adding some flavor. The sour cream was a little bumpy after it came out but still really good.  I added a number of spices to the meat sauce to help improve the flavor.  Would have gotten 5 stars if the recipe added more to the sauce.  Everyone went back for seconds! This was a great recipe. I just need to know why do people skip this ingredient or add that ingredient. Then it’s not THIS recipe!! I made as is and it was delicious!  Once you make the recipe as is then you can change td ingredients if you want to. But don’t review it saying you changed ingredients. Then it’s not THIS recipe. It’s YOURS!! My kids really liked it better than another recipe I have used and assembly is easy !
