Angel Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/12078/angel-pie/
Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F ( 120 degrees C). Beat egg whites until stiff in a clean mixing bowl. Add cream of tartar; gradually add 1 cup sugar, beating until glossy. Transfer meringue into a well-greased 10-inch pie plate. Spread over bottom and sides of the plate, building up sides 1/2 inch above the edge of the plate. Bake in the preheated oven for 1 1/2 hours. Turn off the oven; leave meringue inside to cool slowly. Combine egg yolks, 1/2 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons zest, and lemon juice in a double boiler. Cook, stirring constantly, over medium-low heat until thick. Pour into a bowl and cool thoroughly. Whip cold heavy cream in a mixing bowl until stiff. Place 1/2 of the whipped cream in cooled meringue shell. Cover with a layer of lemon filling and top with remaining whipped cream. (This top layer can be piped with a decorative star tip). Garnish with remaining lemon zest. Refrigerate until serving.
Delicious light and yummy lemon pie with a shell that melts in your mouth. The directions do not tell you to put the beaten egg whites into the pie plate and to "mold" the eggwhite edges upwards to hold in the filling after the shell is baked. I have made a similar pie before so I knew to do this. I did not use a bouble bolier as the instructions said, but just cooked the egg yolk mixture over medium low heat until it was thick and began to boil. Be sure to cool both the shell and the lemon mixture completely as the instructions tell you. I used two cups of whipped cream and added a little vanilla and powdered sugar to the whipped cream for a hint of sweetening. I garnished the top with a few fresh red raspberries on each piece. I will definately make this recipe again as it is a real winner. I served this for company and everyone loved it! It was very good with stawberries instead of lemons Would omit cream of tartar, my mother  recipe does not call for it and seemed to make my meringue expand/raise too much.  This is a really good dessert Delicious pie! Everyone raved about the crust! Will make it again only use a different fruit just to see how it comes out. This recipe has been in our family for 2 plus generations with two differences. We do not grease the pie dish & we make it twenty four hours ahead so the the crust just melts into the pie, so to speak. It is delicious & easy to remove. I didn't make any changes to this delightful, melt in your mouth,, lemony lushesness This is amazing. My mother-in-law makes it by folding the lemon curd into the whipping cream, which is really good but I prefer it this way, where the lemon curd is left thick, and rich. You get a more lemony bite. Have made it many times and it always turns out wonderful. If you like anything lemon flavored, you will absolutely LOVE this pie.  My mother made this at least twenty five years ago and the pie would be gone in the blink of an eye.  Because we all love lemon anything,  I make extra lemon filling for more of a richer tart lemon flavor.  I can guarantee you of one thing, this is a different and unique dessert. Outstanding! Very very good! The curd packs a punch but it goes well with everything! Absolutely amazing pie. My mother used to make this every 4th of July...and this one turned out even better than her's. I will totally be making this again soon. It's one of the few pies I've ever made that was eaten within hours of being served.
