Pumpkin Pie I
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/12103/pumpkin-pie-i/
Brown the pie crusts ahead of time, and cool. Mix together eggs, sugar, spices, sweetened condensed milk, half and half, and pumpkin; mix until lumps are gone. Do not overbeat. Bake pies at 400 degrees F (205 degrees C) for 45 minutes. Let cool, and serve. Store leftovers in refrigerator.
This pumpkin pie is the best recipe I have ever made. The condensed milk makes it so sweet and the perfect consistency. I made 3 other recipes before I found this one. My search is over, it has been added to the family cookbook. There is no way I would make this pie as written, much less eat it. I like sweets, but a can of condensed milk plus 3/4 cup of sugar, is way too much to sweeten one pie. Makes me cringe just thinking about it! I have tried to find the best way to cook the pumpkin to make a proper puree for these recipes and everyone seems to think I have a grandmother that passed this part along Loved this recipe, just adjusted the sugar to 3 tblspns as one reviewer suggested and Mmmmm Yummy! This has become the favorite pumpkin pie of my family, friends, co-workers, etc.  I use fresh pumpkin, instead of canned, which makes it even better! Great recipe.  I did make 2 changes.  First, we don't like our desserts overly sweet, so I only added 3 tablespoons of sugar instead of 3/4 cup.  It had plenty of sweetness from the sweetened condensed milk.  Also, I added a pinch of salt to help bring out the flavors.  I added this to my recipe box and will be making it again for sure!  Thanks! Excellent, loved it, it's my all time favorite now. Mine was better then what the wife makes. Excellent, loved it, it's my all time favorite now. Mine was better then what the wife makes. This pie turned out delicious. The ingredients yielded a little more than my 9-inch pie pan would hold so I used the rest of the batter to make muffins. I will definitely use this recipe next year! this is for now on my absolute favorite pumpkin pie recipe. its perfect. super creamy! and no way is it too sweet!
