Mom's Pumpkin Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/12141/moms-pumpkin-pie/
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C.) In a large bowl, combine eggs, egg yolk, white sugar and brown sugar. Add salt, cinnamon, nutmeg, ginger and cloves. Gradually stir in milk and cream. Stir in pumpkin. Pour filling into pie shell. Bake for ten minutes in preheated oven. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake for an additional 40 to 45 minutes, or until filling is set.
I rated this 5 stars because my husband said it was the best pumpkin pie he's ever had. I reduced the milk to 1 cup, and also made my own pumpkin puree - not hard, ladies! Get a pie pumpkin, remove the seeds, cut it up into 6 or 8 chunks, place it in a pan with 1/2" of water, cover with foil and bake at 375 degress for about an hour, or until a knife slides easily into the flesh. Let cool, and scrape the pumpkin away from the rind. Mash it up as best you can, then take other's advice and put the puree into a colander and let it drip into a bowl (cover the whole thing with plastic wrap and set it in the frig overnight). This should help avoid having such a watery pie like many have encountered. Also, once I combined the pie filling ingredients, I ran it all through my blender to smooth it out. The end result was an incredibly silky texture... This is not a dense, orange pie like you get from a can. Much lighter in color and more delicate. (A little more spice probably wouldn't hurt.) Consider decreasing your oven temp by 15 degrees & baking a little longer till the center sets up. Your crust will thank you. Delicious! I exchanged the milk and cream for 2 cups of half and half. And I ended up cooking it for about 1 hour and 15 minutes.Also, this makes enough for 2 pies, not just 1. Since I first used this recipe years ago, I am always asked to make the pumpkin pie for Thanksgiving. There are a few things I learned along the way that may help.1. The recipe always makes two 9" pies for me and I always use a homemade flaky butter pie crust.2. You MUST let the pie cook until the filling is set or it will be runny. I usually cook mine for about 1 hour to achieve this (use the fork test). The result gives you a perfectly creamy pie texture that you won't get if you reduce the liquids (which will also make the spices overpowering).3. Although it is still good with canned, every time I made my own fresh puree (it's easy), everyone ranted and raved about how good it was. It is worth the effort.4. Lastly (based on the comments), do not expect a pie with that orange coloration that you get from cheap store-bought pies. This is an old-fashioned recipe and the flavor from the spices makes it much richer making one piece very satisfying and filling. I always have plenty for the whole family.I hope that all helps anyone making it for the first time. This has become a family favorite and we will keep making it for years to come. I pureed pumpkins grown in my bac yard and made a dozen different pies over the past several months. This recipe was the best. Great recipe! Although I didn’t add as much milk as the recipe called for. I only used 3/4 cup milk, instead. It came out more like a pie filling and less like a soufflé. Either way, it turns out delicious. ?? I make this every year for Thanksgiving, following the recipe to a T with one exception. I use a full teaspoon of cinnamon, and the other spices I use a heaping measure instead of a flat measure. Using a 15 oz can of pumpkin puree, this makes two deep dish pies.Yummy!! I under cooked!! I used 1/2 cup less milk and a little over on pumpkin puree’.Measured heavy w spices.Used one pie crust and filled full. Had 1 ramekin of filling left over to bake and taste test. It was good! I stayed true to the recipe and the pie is fantastic.  This recipe easily makes 2 deep dish pies.  If I try to use regular pie crusts I end up with leftover filling.  Even with the regular pie crust size this has always taken much longer to bake than 45 minutes.  I usually start there and recheck every 10-15 minutes until it sets.  I love thebalance of spices and this recipe is so easy it has ruined store bought pumpkin pie for my family.  This is the tried and true recipe I return to year after year. Came out runny. Way too much milk! Might try it again with less.
