Sweet Potato Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/12142/sweet-potato-pie-i/
Gather the ingredients. Place whole sweet potato in pot and cover with water; bring to a boil. Boil until tender when pierced with a fork, 40 to 50 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Remove sweet potato from the pot and run under cold water. Remove and discard skin. . Break sweet potato flesh apart and place in a bowl. Add butter and mix with an electric mixer until well combined. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add sugar, milk, eggs, nutmeg, cinnamon, and vanilla; beat on medium speed until mixture is smooth. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour filling into unbaked pie crust. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean, 55 to 60 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool before serving. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO
I've made this a few times and the recipient always loves it. One suggestion--don't store the boiled sweet potatoes in the fridge when you don't have time to make the pie right then...it separates a bit and makes the pie grainier than it needs to be. It's much smoother when the directions are followed and it's mixed right after boiling and peeling. :) Easy to make. I used a frozen pie crust. The flavor is great. In my opinion it beats pumpkin pie. However, it is candy sweet. I would back off the sugar little next time. Loved the recipe, but I substituted the whole milk for buttermilk, used half cup of white sugar and half cup brown sugar and made my own crust using the food networks recipe for the Perfect Pie Crust, delicious! Brought it to church and all that was left was 2 pieces. Everyone loved it. I added 1/2 a teaspoon of mixed spice. I do NOT recommend boiling the sweet potato! Baking is a better option, as it concentrates the flavor and sweetness. Boiling the sweet potato tends to make the filling too soggy so baking is your best bet. Also, I would use brown sugar in place of the white, and use LESS - with brown sugar you can cut it back to 1/2 to 1/3 cup. Also, I noticed there is absolutely NO salt, which is strange, because a little salt would balance the sweetness and bring out the other flavors (vanilla, spices, etc.). I love the recipe so much until I double up frequently because pie crusts come two to a package-freeze one! I use a scale-more on that! One change that I would suggest for those (like myself!) that may forget to pull the butter early enough for it to soften, peel SP while they are hot, weigh and go a little over a pound. Hot SPs, cold butter-too EZ! While I am whipping the, I remove the whisk and rinse to remove excess fibers-after about 5X of whisking and removing, it's time to add the rest!!!! Loved it! I only added a pinch of cloves do that for all my cakes and cookies. This is easy and fast. It was delicious!! However I did make a couple changes I had canned sweet potatoes an I had to double the recipe because I had a 40 OZ can. So I ended up with two pies instead of one lol!!! It was delicious I will try fresh sweet potatoes the next time definitely making it again!!! I made this pie exactly to the recipe, as close as I could weigh the potatoes. It was easy to make and very good, but a bit too sweet for my taste. I think one easily could cut the sugar down by at least ¼ cup. I had several potatoes so made a double recipe, and it fit fine in my mixer. There was a little bit left over, so I will try a deep dish pan next time. I baked the leftover mixture without a crust in my toaster oven. I have never had one bad review of a pie based on this recipe. Rich and creamy this recipe is excellent. My two cents:* Make the pie when you boil the potatoes do not refrigerate and make it later.* Make the pie crust and do not use store bought. It is well woth the effort.* I only use pure vanilla extract (not immitation), real butter (not butter alternatives) and definately whole milk or half & half. One of the best sweet potato pies Ive ever tasted! I do think I would prefer baking the sweet potato as opposed to boiling it- boiling makes the outside mush and the inside only softens depending on your using thinner potatoes. Roasting eliminates that issue and you can remove the skin in exactly the same way. I can't think of ANYTHING else I would change- it's wonderful. this was my first attemp at a SPP, it turned out amazing...!!will be making this over  & over.so easy to make and very flavourfull.thank you .allrecipes. I made this and it was delicious.  I used fresh sweet potatoes.   I will be making this again. Made this last night and by far the best sweet potato pie we've ever eaten! The Sweet Potato Pie is in the oven i'll  be back in about an hour, still will not be able to taste until cool.  The Pie looks great and smells like a calm end of a great day thanks to this recipe. Thanks allrecipes  waiting till morning, it'll be worth the wait.
