Apple Crisp Without Oats
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/12205/no-oat-apple-crisp/
Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Grease an 8-inch square pan. Mix flour, 1 cup sugar, egg, and baking powder together until well combined. The mixture will look like cornmeal. Peel, core, and slice apples; mix with 1/2 tablespoon cinnamon. Place apples in the prepared pan. Spread flour mixture over apples. Mix 1/4 cup sugar with remaining 1 tablespoon cinnamon; sprinkle over top of the crisp. Drizzle with melted butter. Bake in the preheated oven until golden on top and fruit is bubbling, about 1 hour. Serve warm.
I just finished making this recipe, and boy was it good! I did tweak the recipe a little though, based on previous reviews I took their advice to come up with something relatively similar. Instead of the ingredients listed above, I used 3 Granny Smith Apples, ¾ cup of all purpose flour, ½ cup white sugar, ¼ cup rolled oats, ½ cup brown sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 egg, 2 teaspoons of cinnamon, and 1 tablespoon of melted butter. Like the recipe says, I first mixed together the flour, white sugar, egg, and baking powder; only I found the mixture to be a little too dry so I added some water. Then I sliced the apples (I left the skin on and you couldn’t even tell they were there) and mixed them with 1 teaspoon of cinnamon. After that I greased an 8x8 pan and spread the apples evenly around the pan. After the apples were in place, I spread the “cornmeal” mixture on the apples and then topped it with a mixture of 1 teaspoon of cinnamon, the brown sugar, and rolled oats. Finally I topped the whole thing with the melted butter. The pie tasted DELICIOUS!! And it was indeed low-fat. I think I may have used slightly too much cinnamon but other than that it was GREAT! Thanks for the recipe, it was so easy!! I will definitely make it again!! It was great! The changes I made were using a 9X13 pan, using 2 varieties of sweet and tart applesUsing 1 T cinnamon in the apples and 1/2 T in the topping and using 1 cup of brown sugar instead of white in the topping as well.I covered the whole thing with 1/2 cup of melted butter I added salt, nutmeg, and chopped walnuts to the recipe, reduced the sugar, and used brown sugar for the topping. Used tart apples from trees in our garden so no GMOs and no chemicals. It was fabulous!! Great recipe after a small modification  :) I have used 1.5 cup of flour and 3/4 cup of sugar and 2 eggs. Poured 1/2 cup of butter on top and covered with cinnamon/sugar. It was delicious and crispy! Came out delicious, I would just add a 1/2 teaspoon of salt or  use salted butter. Easy, quick, taste I was looking for a recipe that was similar to my grandmother's and finally found it! I have a handwritten recipe from her, but it was for a peach crisp. I knew she also used the same recipe for apples, but I couldn't remember if it was the exact same. I followed this recipe exactly, but I doubled the topping because I have always loved a thicker crust. I also used a 9X13 glass dish. The end result was amazing! My husband and MIL loved it as well. This is definitely a do-over! I made this... it suggests to pour milk over it, but thinking sweet cream might go better.  I would make it again.. Simple & delicious. First time trying this. A pleasant and uncomplicated treat. I advise preparing in a ceramic oven dish and serving with custard. Pairs well with coffee.
