Magic Lemon Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/12280/magic-lemon-pie/
Blend sweetened condensed milk and egg yolks together. Gradually add lemon juice, stirring until mixture thickens and is well blended. Pour filling into crust. In another bowl, beat room temperature egg whites with cream of tartar until foamy. Gradually add sugar, and continue beating until egg whites are stiff. Carefully spread meringue over filling, sealing the edges. Bake at 400 degrees F (205 degrees C) until meringue browns, about 6 minutes. Cool. Refrigerate uneaten portions.
This lemon version of Key Lime Pie was creamy and delicious! I made my own crust using 1-1/4 c. graham cracker crumbs, 2 T. sugar and 5 T. melted butter, which I baked at 350 degrees for seven minutes. I knew I'd like a bolder lemon flavor so I added 1-1/2 tsp. grated lemon zest to the filling. After pouring the filling into the crust, I baked the pie an additional 15 minutes. I omitted the meringue as I preferred to top it with whipped cream. This was light, silky smooth and refreshing, and probably about the easiest pie to make! I made this and it was perfect!  For those that likely won't come back to see an answer but if it didn't set then you likely are doing something wrong - perhaps evaporated milk vs sweetened condensed milk HUGE difference.  I also made my pie crust as I normally do - just never tried the pre made ones. This is the ONE! Every other recipe with eggs had you baking the pie itself. No! You only brown the meringue… My Mom called this lemon ice box. So glad I finally found the recipe I grew up on. Thank you. Ps I don’t like to heat my oven so I put this recipe in 2 small, square corningware dishes that fit perfectly into my little countertop oven. The should have a whole section on converting recipes into those baked in countertop ovens. Actually it’s anchored underneath my cabinets because I have tiny amount of countertop space. Perfect!  I squeezed the lemons for the 1/2 cup of juice and that made a great difference in the already deliciously lemon flavor! I have been making this lemon pie for a long, long while. Born in AZ. To a Army officer. Moved to AL. This is very popular here as well I am loving this. I became a Chief through Allrecipes. Pie is excellent. To those who said filling didn’t thicken or set enough, perhaps you used evaporated milk. The recipe calls for SWEETENED CONDENSED MILK.  These two products are not the same. We aren’t cutting it until tomorrow but I cannot wait!  It reminds me of my moms recipe! This is really good. Both times I've made I've ended up with a liquid layer between the filling and the topping Where did they get all that filling?! There is barley enough filling to spread in the bottom of a 9" crust, the filling has a good taste, but there is precious little of it, and I made my own meringue, their's sounded as stingy as the amount of filling, if, and that's a big if, I decided to make it again, I would have to double the filling, and then I wouldn't be sure it would set, I will stick to the filling you boil with water, sugar and egg yolks from now on.
