4-Ingredient Chicken Pot Pie 
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/12281/chicken-pot-pie-i/
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Simmer chicken breasts in a large pot with water until no longer pink inside, about 15 minutes; dice chicken into bite-sized pieces. Meanwhile, line the bottom and sides of a 9-inch pie plate with one pie crust. Mix condensed soup, canned vegetables, and diced chicken together; pour mixture into pie shell, and cover with second crust. Crimp the edges, and make slits in the top crust. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 45 minutes, or until crust is golden brown. ol
It was good, but very bland. After following feedback from other reviewers, I added 1/2 cup of milk, and used low fat soup - these made for a great consistency. I used corn and peas, but next time I'll try adding try mushrooms and carrots with it. I'll also add 1/2 tsp. of marjoram, 1/4 tsp. of salt, onion flakes, and a dash of parsley to spice it up. Very easy, and worth keeping! Absolutely terrific My family loved the Chicken Pot Pie. I used a 7 inch glass pie pan for two people. I added thawed out frozen mixed vegetables instead of canned vegetables.. I added 1 teaspoon of garlic powder, 1 teaspoon of onion powder, and 1/4 teaspoon of ground black pepper. I will make it again. We did not care for this at all. First of all it was extremely bland. Secondly the canned vegetables did not work. Fresh or frozen are much better. And lastly the cream soup did nothing to enhance the flavor. Making a roux from scratch is so easy and so much tastier.  Sorry, but I will not be making this again. I used left over turkey, added more seasonings and used both cream of chicken and mushroom . It turned out great! Good, quick and easy! This has now become my holiday go to for that leftover turkey! DEFINITELY A HIT!!! I will be making this again  and again. I did add fresh tyme oven seared marinated chicken  thighs, a little milk, cream of chicken and mushroom soup,chicken broth and my own special seasonings. My family loved it. Overall good, quick and easy. I add some seasoning to make sure it's flavorful, but all around a good easy dinner for a busy weekday dinner! Perfect. Very tasty. This was my first pot pie. I have never worked with pastry before. Overall, the recipe was easy & the result was a tasty pot pie. I bought the frozen pie shell that were very good. Had a problem getting the top crust in place. Maybe the pastry was too warm. One other thing is that i think you have to leave the pie for some time to really cool down after baking. The crust is hot & crumbly. So it doesn’t come out of the pie without crumbling. I had some the next day & the crust was firm & it came to the plate looking like a piece of pie vs crumbled. I reheated  in the microwave…. Relish…, Turned out great!!
