Apple Crisp
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/12409/apple-crisp-ii/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Place sliced apples in a 9x13-inch baking dish. Mix white sugar, 1 tablespoon flour, and cinnamon together; sprinkle over apples. Pour water evenly over apples. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine oats, 1 cup flour, brown sugar, baking powder, and baking soda in a large bowl. Add melted butter and mix with a fork until crumbly; sprinkle evenly over apple mixture. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until top is golden brown and apples are bubbling around the edges, about 45 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO
Excellent recipie. It is important to follow the steps and not deviate from them (i.e. don't mix up All the ingredients at once and throw it over the apples as you may be able to get away with in other crisp recipes)The recipie was great. the water factor wasn't a factor for me. it turned out to be a very nice thick juice that accented the dish nicely.A word of caution when using this or any apple crisp recipie. THE TYPE OF APPLES DO MATTER. I made this twice. Once with Red Delicious apples. these apples are not the greatest to use as they are often soft and bland. the recipe was great but the apples lacked. I then used Granny Smith green sour apples. This made All the difference! Do not be afraid to use sour apples. Keep in mind you are using two cups of sugar in this recipie and it will be quite sweet. It simply comes down to the need for a hard and sour or at the very least sharp tasting apple to counter the sugar and even the flavor out. It will taste much better. Do not use soft or bland tasting apples, and do not overcook as the apples will turn mushy if you overcook. If you fear overcooking then cut your apple thicker. If you like the very thin slices of apple then you need to you a very hard, fresh, tart apple. I do not suggest using Red Delicious apples. I also addeed a pinch of nutmeg. I used granny smith apples and instead of water, used lemon juice (only 1 1/2 tsp). I also tossed the apples with the sugar (halved the amount), cinnamon, flour and lemon juice. Turned out great! I made two of the 4X recipes and one single recipe for our church fellowship meal tonight. We had about 40 people and there was none left. It was delicious!! And easy to make.I had never made an apple crisp before tonight. The apples were gifted to me after Hurricane Helene devastated our area (Augusta, Ga) a church in the area had a TRUCKLOAD of apples donated from New York (?) so I have no idea what kind of apples they were. My significant other’s mom is a very good cook and is always making stuff from her garden.  I’m not too shabby myself but I had to agree with him; “this is the best apple crisp I’ve ever had.  It had an almost creamy sauce to the apples like it already had caramel on it!  THANKS for a great recipe that was simple! Followed the recipe but cooked it in two smaller baking dishes. Turned out lovely. mediocre as far as apple crisps go. too much sugar and flour. and no pinch of salt for flavor Great recipe! I mostly make it as written, but I use a disposable foil pan rubbed with softened butter for easy clean up,  use extra cinnamon because we love it, and use apple cider instead of water, because why not use flavor instead of water? I also go with softened vs melted butter in the topping.  It's apple season again, and I can't wait to make a batch!And yes!  As someone else mentioned, doubling up on the topping is a great idea!! So watery! This is SOOO GOOD! This was a great recipe. I made it the original way but I also made changes. I added hickory smoked sea salt, swapped half the white sugar for brown sugar, added ginger and chipotle powder, used cinnamon butter extract instead of vanilla and a pinch of cumin into the topping
