Steak and Kidney Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/12477/steak-and-kidney-pie-ii/
Remove fat and membrane from the kidneys; cut them in half and remove any white tissue in the center; dice into chunky pieces. Heat butter or lard in a large pot over medium heat. Add diced kidney and steak; cook and stir until beef is browned. Stir in onions and season with salt, Worcestershire sauce, pepper, thyme, and bay leaf. Stir in 1 1/2 cups water; simmer until meat is almost tender, about 1 hour. Add potatoes and continue simmering until potatoes are tender, about 30 minutes. Whisk remaining 1/2 cup water and flour together until smooth; stir into beef mixture. Continue cooking and stirring until mixture thickens; transfer into a 3-quart casserole dish. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Roll out pastry slightly larger than top of casserole dish; place pastry over meat mixture, and trim to leave a 1-inch overhang on all sides. Fold under, and flute against inside edge of casserole, then cut several slits in the crust to allow steam to escape. Bake pie in the preheated oven until golden brown on top and filling is bubbling, about 30 minutes.
Very much like my Grandma's recipe, which was one of my favorite dishes that she made. I can only think of a few differences. I believe she used baking soda rather than salt to soak the kidneys. She baked it in a very large, deep aluminum pie dish, and would place an inverted custard cup smack-dab in the middle of the lower crust before spooning in the filling. This held the top crust up and kept it from lying on the filling and getting soggy. Great flavour easy to follow instructions would definitely make this again God's food 😋 with love ❤️ no better than this love wow that's awesome thank you I made this many years ago and needed to refresh the recipe. Steak and KIdney pie is SO delicious but most people have forgotten about it. This is very similar to my old recipe. I use mushrooms in mine. Also, it is hard to find things like kidneys and hearts anymore. Our loss! Thanks so much for this recipe as in moving I have lost my old recipe book. The Best Steak and Kidney I ever made.I left the topping off.This was the way my Dad liked it. Great S/K pie, I do add peas and carrots diced small and garlic mash potatoes on the side and make the dish for 4, great demand for steak and kidney lovers I tried this, didn't use the potatoes and used a frozen pie crust that I rolled out. It came out great! The gravy was very tasty. We finished the whole thing in 2 days! Will definitely make it again. I have made this several times. I add mushrooms sometimes. this was my first attept at a pot pie and i must say it was a surprise to see the end result.. one would think it was store bought, this was good,swaped bacon fat for the lard,oh and used store bought pie crusts they came 2 to abox 1 for the top 1 for the bottom,i did wind up with a lot filling,filled 2 deep dish pie shells with alot still left over,i will do this one again. 5 stars I have never cooked or consumed Kidney before and was glad to be  informed of the smell. I lit a candle and followed the recipe top to bottom. I did not eat this, but the 77 year old English couple I cooked this for raved as to the quality and taste like home. So............. I guess it is Fantastic!
