Brown Family's Favorite Pumpkin Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/12504/brown-familys-favorite-pumpkin-pie/
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). In a large bowl, mix together the pumpkin, sweetened condensed milk, and egg yolks. Stir in 1 teaspoon cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, and salt. In a large glass or metal bowl, whip egg whites until soft peaks form. Gently fold into pumpkin mixture. Pour filling into pie shell. Bake for 15 minutes in the preheated oven. While the pie is baking, prepare the streusel topping: In a small bowl, combine the flour, brown sugar, and 1 teaspoon cinnamon. Blend in the cold butter with a fork or pastry blender until the mixture is crumbly. Mix in the chopped nuts. Sprinkle the topping over the pie. Reduce the heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Bake an additional 40 minutes, or until set.
I have made this recipe for years its the only pumpkin pie my family will eat now! One hint- you dont need to whip the egg whites and it turns out the same, very fluffy and raised. I have always used deep dish pie crusts, makes one very full and nice, I dont use any nuts in the crumb topping.. make sure your butter is very chilled before you start using it, also, add 2 tablespoons more flour, seems to absorb and set better. Lastly, I cover the outside of the crust with foil, it bakes so fast with this recipe, can take it off 10 minutes before its done, but I use frozen crusts, so easier and just as good to me. You really cant mess this pie up, my husband even helps make it, its so easy. **** Delicious! Made as written using "Butter Flakey" pie crust from this site and I just added the 2 eggs to the pumpkin mix, (I didn't separate/whip them etc. ). Family said better than the usual Libby's pumpkin pie that I make (which is good too). Everyone is right.  This is the single best pumpkin pie recipe ever!  I too will be sending my thanks to the Brown family at every Thanksgiving dinner from now on.  Thank you for sharing it!  Love and hugs to you all. I’ve been making this recipe since I moved to Canada in 1999 and seeing my kids making for their friends in uni is wonderful.  The absolute best with the streusel topping. I use pecans instead of walnuts though. It's now our family's favorite pumpkin pie recipe! I have been using this recipe for years and it’s the best I’ve been making this pie since 2006! The first time, I set all the ingredients out for my 24 year old brother (while I made 2 other pies plus cranberry sauce) and all anyone could talk about was “the pie that Brad made.” Lol Very simple and delicious! I've made this pie for years (for some reason always forgetting to add the walnuts), and everyone I know loves this pie!  If I knew the Brown family, I would buy them a bottle of champagne every Thanksgiving! Only pumpkin my family eats now.  The pumpkin haters now ask for this. the best pumpkin pie I have ever made and tasted! Love it!
