Berry Custard Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/12533/berry-custard-pie/
Combine baking mix, 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar, milk, and lemon zest. Press with floured fingers into the bottom and up the sides of a pie dish that has been sprayed with a nonstick cooking spray. Sprinkle berries onto crust. Combine sour cream, egg whites, 1/2 cup white sugar, flour, spices, and vanilla extract. Pour over fruit. Cover edges of crust with foil. Bake at 450 degrees F (230 degrees C) for 10 minutes. Turn heat down to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake for 30 minutes, or until center is set.
Very easy to make. Very healthy and low fat. the only negative is that it definently tastes low fat. We did not like this custard.  I won't be making it again I didn't make the crust, but the pie is wonderful.  I did make a couple of minor changes.  I did not add any of the spices.  I used only raspberries (no blackberries).  With those minor changes, this is the best raspberry pie I've ever tasted! I tried this recipe instead of a mixed berry cobbler, and wish I'd sticked with a cobbler. It was cake-ey rather than like a pie or a tart. With fresh ingredients, it was still a decent dessert served with vanilla ice cream and fresh whipped cream, but I wouldn't make it again. Simple and good. I have made this a few times and always really liked it. You can vary the types of berries used. This one is a keeper!  We're on a low-fat heart diet, so it was great to find a tasty dessert Mom could enjoy!  Everyone loves it!!! Absolutely love this, quick and easy, made it twice in 2 wks! I'm an absolute novice, so I admit I used a pre-made crust and added the lemon zest to the custard mixture. I bought frozen berries: raspberry, blueberry, blackberry variety and defrosted them, drained excess liquid. Everyone loved it, served best with whipped cream topping of course! Very simple recipe that my 11 year old made. He used a graham cracker crust and that may have been some of the difference as there seemed to be something missing flavor-wise. The custard was nice but next time we may try a traditional egg custard and see what happens. Will make it again just because our family loves berries and we need new ways to use them. Wow! I loved this pie. My husband who doesnt really like custard also enjoyed this pie. I cannot tell this is low fat at all. The crust is not my favorite but still a winner! Like Nalova, I found the dough mix to be quite sticky.  You may want to keep the cooking spray handy so you can apply to your hands as needed for easier spreading.  Or maybe add a little more baking mix to the dough mixture.  It was well worth the effort -- it's a hit!
