Brian's German Potato Salad
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/125383/brians-german-potato-salad/
Place the potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water. Bring to a boil; reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until just tender, about 10 minutes. Drain and allow to steam dry for a minute or two; cut into 1/2-inch pieces and place into a large mixing bowl. Meanwhile, stir the bacon and onion together in a large skillet over medium heat until the fat has rendered from the bacon and the onion is very tender but not brown, about 15 minutes. Stir in the flour, sugar, and salt; cook for 1 minute. Pour in the vinegar; bring to a simmer and cook until slightly thickened, about 5 minutes. Pour the dressing over the potatoes and sprinkle with celery seed and parsley. Stir gently to combine. Serve hot.
This is similar to a recipe my grandmother used. She added chopped celery in place of the parsley and a cup or two of heated drained sauerkraut. She also browned the bacon before adding flour and the vinegar. The sauerkraut makes all the diference in the taste. Added 2-cups drained sauerkraut. Easy to follow recipe-I've never had potatoes cook as fast as he said! But the most important thing is it is amazing!!! I haven't had this for 20+ years but I will make this again and soon!! Excellent recipe, Brian! Easy, but very good! My two requirements for a “keeper”. I grew up on German potato salad and this tasted very close to what my mom made. Only thing i added was chopped hard boiled egg, since thats what she included when she made it. Simply delicious! I love it I grew up with it ever since I was small the best ever my dad was German the best German potato salad ever since I found the recipe again now I can make it thank you so very much This had all the tastes I was hoping for ( I did add some chopped celery and green pepper) but not the texture.  As written, this was too dry and the sauce didn't spread or coat well.  I added water, as needed, to make it more like a spreadable sauce to coat the potatoes and less like sparse clumps of paste on dry potatoes.  Much better. I read the reviews and tried to compensate for the lack of sauce/dressing.  I scaled this to 6 servings but used only 2 medium potatoes and ended up with barely enough to cover the potatoes.  The dressing thickened in less than a minute to the point where I had to thin it out with some water.  I’ve tried a good number of German potato salads on this site, and this is my least favorite.  Honestly, it reminds me of canned Reeds potato salad that I used to eat when I was very young and moved into first apartment.  Ate this with grilled German brats, but sorry, won’t be making this again. I kept to the recipe with a change in that I made it for two and with russet potatoes. While it may not be a problem when making the full recipe, I feel like I should have rendered the bacon without the onion so that the bacon could crisp some. I would try again with that change. This is a very very good recipe...I enjoyed it so much. Forgot to add the parsley. Still, was great!
