Apple Pie by Grandma Ople
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/12682/apple-pie-by-grandma-ople/
Gather the ingredients. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Peel and core apples, then thinly slice. Set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add flour and stir to form a paste; cook until fragrant, about 1 to 2 minutes. Add both sugars and water; bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Press one pastry into the bottom and up the sides of a 9-inch pie pan. Roll out remaining pastry so it will overhang the pie by about 1/2 inch. Cut pastry into eight 1-inch strips. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place sliced apples into the bottom crust, forming a slight mound. Lay four pastry strips vertically and evenly spaced over apples, using longer strips in the center and shorter strips at the edges. otdash Meredith Food Studio Make a lattice crust: Fold the first and third strips all the way back so they're almost falling off the pie. Lay one of the unused strips perpendicularly over the second and fourth strips, then unfold the first and third strips back into their original position. otdash Meredith Food Studio Fold the second and fourth vertical strips back. Lay one of the three unused strips perpendicularly over top. Unfold the second and fourth strips back into their original position. Repeat Steps 6 and 7 to weave in the last two strips of pastry. Fold and trim excess dough at the edges as necessary, and pinch to secure. otdash Meredith Food Studio Slowly and gently pour sugar-butter mixture over lattice crust, making sure it seeps over sliced apples. Brush some onto lattice, but make sure it doesn't run off the sides. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce the temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) and continue baking until apples are soft, 35 to 45 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
Believe the hype.I made this for the first time for a dinner party I had last week - mostly because I wanted to see what all the fuss was about. And it did not disappoint. Women were begging for the recipe. Men were saying it was the best apple pie they had ever tasted. There were riots over who was going to get the last piece.I followed everyone's suggestions here... prepared the lattice ahead of time and kept it in the fridge til ready... mixed a tsp of cinnamon to the butter and sugar mixture... brushed egg whites on bottom crust to keep from getting soggy... poured 2/3 of mixture over the apples first, then the rest over the top of the crust... baked at 350F for the whole time to avoid burnt topping... put baking tray in bottom of the over to catch the drips. Hence forth I am eschewing all other apple pie recipes. Truly spectacular. I used this for a base to a incredible pie. Mine had a solid top crust and I added lemon juice, cinnamon, nutmeg, vanilla and cornstarch to the golden delicious apples before covering them in the sugar/caramel mix. Coated the top crust with egg white and sugar. One of the best I've ever made. My first Pie!!!It came out GREAT!I used store-bought crust, -(came in a 2 pack- so, perfect for top and bottom)Followed the recipe, and used 2 “reviews” suggestions- I poured 2/3 of the melted hot sugar mix on the apples BEFORE covering with the lattice top crust, (the remainder was drizzled over the top lattice crust and into all the holes. )It caramelized perfectly! and - I did have to cover the edges of the crust with tin foil after the initial higher temp baking.I used Granny Smith apples.This is a perfect recipe!My only change, is I would use a bit less white sugar. Thank YOU! I'm surprised this recipe didn't call for ANY spices. I added 1 tsp of cinnamon and 1/4 teaspoon nutmeg, plus 1tbsp lemon juice from another recipe to the caramel mix. For the lattice: the recipe fails to mention that you should leave a lot of space in between the lattice-work so that the caramel can really seep in. My caramel didn't really go in, so my apples didn't get all the caramel. I think next time, if I were to make this again, I would layer the apples, add some caramel, layer the apples again, then do the lattice work and add the rest of the caramel on top to seep in. Phenomenonal! Followed the slight changes suggested by other viewers (cinnamon, vanilla, nutmeg and mixing sauce with apples before adding to pie). I also used a gluten free crust (Cup4Cup). So happy to have a delicious pie for me on Thanksgiving Day! I've made plenty of pies but this recipe is special. The taste and smell of this pie is superb and it's a great treat to have! I'm making this for my Papa for Father's Day and apple pie is his most absolute favourite pie, so if this passes the test, than I think I have a pie recipe winner for life! Thank you so much for sharing this recipe. The only thing different I did, was I added a teaspoon of cinnamon, a teaspoon of vanilla extract (to the filling) and I made the dough from scratch (half butter, half flour). I followed the instructions, added a teaspoon of cinnamon, vanilla and grated some nutmeg (then lost my nut under the stove) into it as well. I'm not a big pie fan but wow, this was amazing. Was great for breakfast this morning. This is an excellent recipe. I double the butter/sugar sauce mixture and after removing it form heat added 1tsp cinnamon & 1 tsp vanilla. I also mixed the apples in the sauce before filling the pie shell. I made 12 mini apple pies using a muffin tray & puff pastry. They looked awesome. I added chopped walnuts in half of them and they were the best! Thanks for sharing. This is a fantastic apple pie. I normally use a mixture of shortening and butter, processed in a food processor with the flour and sugar to form a crust. It's never occurred to me to make a crust this way, especially with brown sugar. It's amazing and will be my holy grail crust for pies from here on out. I do use McIntosh apples for half the apple quantity when in season. Thanks for sharing! Awesome! I've made many apple pies and this is by far the best one. The tartness of the granny smith apples with the sweetness of the sugars was a great combo. I only used 5 apples and it created a slight mound after baking in my deep dish pie pan. It could have used more so I will put in 8 next time as suggested in the recipe. I also mixed the sauce with the apples before putting them in the pie crust. I did not have any issues with soggy crust. I added about a teaspoon of cinnamon as well. YUMMY! All I have to say is that I doubled this recipe and made two separate pies. I'm glad I cut down the amount of apples to 6 small/medium granny smiths. I also added cinnamon, fresh nutmeg, and ground cloves. What I would do different would be to simmer the liquid mixture a bit longer so it could evaporate more, and I would also toss in the apples into the mixture and then into the pie. This way the apples are fully coated, and it will also prevent overflow with the reduction. I might even possibly omit the water.  Oh, yum!  This recipe is so good.  But yes the comments about adding cinnamon, brushing the bottom crust with egg white and adding the sugar mixture to the apples then brushing over the top crust were spot on.  Also I cooked it at 350° all the way through.   Thank you so much for sharing this recipe.  It's already in my cookbook! I love this recipe!  I've made it over and over. I've been making this pie for years and it's the best apple pie I've ever had. These people leaving bad reviews must be using the wrong kind of apples or hust can't follow a recipe. Family enjoyed, will definitely make again. Suggest  pouring sauce over apples in layers and adding rest across the top. I loved this recipe. My first ever apple pie. Our go to apple pie! Always a huge hit. We make it with the flaky butter crust from all recipes. This recipe is amazing . I add 1.5 tsp to the sugarI used thawed crab apples and drained the juice before adding to the pie plate
