Grilled Salmon
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/12720/grilled-salmon-i/
Gather all ingredients. llrecipes/Julia Hartbec Season salmon fillets with lemon pepper, garlic powder, and salt. llrecipes/Julia Hartbec Stir soy sauce, brown sugar, water, and vegetable oil together in a small bowl until sugar is dissolved. Place fish in a large resealable plastic bag; add soy sauce mixture, seal, and turn to coat. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours. llrecipes/Julia Hartbec Preheat an outdoor grill for medium heat and lightly oil the grate. llrecipes/Julia Hartbec Place salmon on the preheated grill, and discard marinade. Cook salmon until fish flakes easily with a fork, about 6 to 8 minutes per side. llrecipes/Julia Hartbec Serve and enjoy! llrecipes/Julia Hartbec
I have one thing that I do every time I cook salmon. I always make a little foil packet for each fillet and close it up, leaving a little room for air to circulate inside. If you bake the foil packets on a cookie sheet at 425 for about 15 minutes (slightly longer depending on number of fillets), the salmon cooks to perfection every time! This is a great recipe to use when preparing salmon in foil packets... it poaches gently in its on juices and always comes out so tender and delicious! Made this several times. Always use olive oil,  lemon zest and fresh ground pepper.  Spritz of fresh lemon before serving. Fan favorite. This fell flat for me. It tasted sweet and not much else. I think it could have used less sugar, and maybe some kind of chili flakes, or maybe ginger. Excellent, but I don't know what the water adds to the marinade. (and riddle me this, how is it that the "most helpful" review on a recipe for Grilled Salmon is to poach it in the oven instead of grilling it??? INSANITY!) Fuss free cooking. Baked and air-fried the fish instead of grilling. Definitely a recipe to keep! Delicious and so simple! The sugar in the marinade means that the salmon skin can catch fairly easily on the grill, so you definitely need to keep an eye on it. But that also means that it caramelizes beautifully! Definitely going in my rotation of salmon recipes from now on.
