Sweet Spicy Pumpkin Seeds
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/127212/sweet-spicy-pumpkin-seeds/
Preheat oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C). Place the pumpkin seeds on a cookie sheet, and spread them out into a single layer. Roast until brown and crisp, about 45 minutes. Set the seeds aside in a large bowl. Place the cinnamon, chili powder, and 1 teaspoon of sugar in a bowl, and set aside. Place olive oil and 1 tablespoon of sugar in a heavy saucepan over medium-low heat, and heat and stir with a wooden spoon until the sugar turns a light golden brown color. Watch it carefully to avoid burning. Pour the caramelized sugar mixture over the roasted pumpkin seeds, and stir to coat. Pour the cinnamon-chili powder mixture over the seeds, and toss to coat the seeds with the spices.
I added 1/2 teaspoon of salt into the spice mix, and these came out great. The spice isn't too strong for me, but enough to be a nice change from plain salted pumpkin seeds. With the salt added, it's a nice balance of sweet, salty, and spicy. I am not so familiar with carmelizing and dissolving sugar in oil.  How I did it took a long time.  Maybe too low of heat??  Also the mixture solidified quite quickly which I was not prepared for.  Ratio of sugar to oil could be greater than 1 to 1.  There was quite a bit of oil left.  I used some cayenne and a chipotle chili powder in addition to chili powder.  The taste is very good.  People have compared it to the candied almonds with a kick.  If I made this on a regular basis I would be much better the next time around.  I think I might forget all I have learned by next year. I have made this recipe several times, and have had the sugar separate from the oil at times.  If you keep stirring it begins to slowly melt and turns into carmel.  I doubled the amount of sugar and oil so we would have enough carmel to spoon over the seeds.  It helps to have a second person sprinkle the spices over the seeds while you are spooning the carmel and turning the seeds to coat them well. Our family looks forward to this treat every year. this was an awesome recipe. I did make a few small changes. before i roasted the seeds i added a little garlic pepper and garlic powder.  hearing others having problems with the oil i used margarine and had no problem.  Others wise great flavor!! I made these for my daughter/hubby while up in Portland on Halloween.   Everyone loved them!  But I mistakenly didn't pour the seeds into a bowl prior to adding the "sweet & spice".  I kept them on a cookie and the mixture only stuck to a small portion of the seeds.  Next time I'll put them in a bowl! I LOVED this recipe!!! I've tried a few for pumpkin seeds, this is hands down the best. Every friend & family member who tried it said it was incredible. I did, however, use a LOT more of the seasonings than it called for-I used tons of seeds and made the mxiture double of the powder. It is really good, you won't be disappointed! I was so disappointed with this recipe. I found as well that the sugar and oil seperated and when I finally got the sugar to melt (into a caramel-ish consistency) you have to work really fast before it hardens. I had to keep microwaving the pumpkin seeds to melt the caramel in order to coat all of the seeds. There is potential with this recipe, but I would definatly start off with a small batch of seeds, rather than use all that you have and waste them. very good..I added a smidge of salt as well.... This was a good recipe, although I used butter instead of "oil" and you have to be a little patient when melting sugar as to not burn it. I also added more chili powder and a little salt and these came out nice! I added 1/2 teaspoon of salt into the spice mix, and these came out great. The spice isn't too strong for me, but enough to be a nice change from plain salted pumpkin seeds. With the salt added, it's a nice balance of sweet, salty, and spicy.
