Japanese-Style Deep-Fried Shrimp
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/127500/japanese-style-deep-fried-shrimp/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place shrimp in a bowl and season with salt, pepper, and garlic powder. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix flour and paprika together in a shallow bowl. Place eggs in a second bowl and panko in a third bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat oil in a deep fryer or deep skillet to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Dip each shrimp into flour mixture, then into egg, and finally into panko crumbs to coat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Fry a few shrimp at a time in the hot oil until golden brown, about 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels before serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
Great fried shrimp. The key is the panko. It's texture allows it to fry up golden brown and crunchy before the protein it's stuck to (in this case, shrimp) gets overcooked. Some tips: You could probably use 1/2 the flour mixture. Add the seasoned shrimp to the flour, stir to coat, and then gently shake them out over the garbage can in a wire strainer to remove the excess flour. Make sure the shrimp are very dry when you do this or they'll be gummy. Have a big plate or baking sheet covered with wax paper ready to place the shrimp on after you've coated them all with the egg wash and panko. Then, it's off to the fryer. Makes for an easier cleanup, and you don't have to juggle making them/frying them simultaneously. Panko is very coarse so you may have to help it stick by pressing it on. Yummy yummy! Better than at a restaurant. made just like the directions Yummy recipe! Hubby raved about it!👍 Fantastic.  Simple but tasty.  I butterflyed the shrimp,  seasoned with S &P and garlic powder.  Sweet Hungarian paprika in corn starch instead of flour.  Use good quality shrimp and good quality panko.  It was amazing.  Served with egg fried rice and sweet chili sauce.  Will definitely make again  190C is too high a temp for panko shrimp, I deep fried the shrimp for 2 -3 minutes  in light olive oil at 160-170C Unfortunately this recipe ruined our shrimp due to incorrect time to cook. We used a deep fryer and the minimum 3 minutes suggested here burnt the panko + prawn meat overcooked. We had Large prawns (not jumbo).Doing some tests next time, we discovered 1 1/2 minutes was ideal, max 2 minutes. Very good recipe that my boyfriend and I enjoyed!  I seasoned the shrimp with a little old bay seasoning and seasoned the flour mixture well.  I double coated the shrimp with the eggwash and flour, before the final dip in panko, to get a good coating.  It was delicious!  Thank you for the recipe! Loved this recipe! The only thing I did was use half the flour and being pasture raised eggs are $8 a carton I got by using one egg.
