Spicy Grilled Shrimp
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/12775/spicy-grilled-shrimp/
Gather the ingredients. Preheat a grill for medium heat.  platter of spicy grilled shrimp served with lemon wedge Crush garlic and salt together in a small bowl with a fork. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix in paprika and cayenne. Stir in olive oil and lemon juice to form a paste. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine garlic paste and shrimp in a large bowl and toss until shrimp are evenly coated. otdash Meredith Food Studio Lightly oil the grill grate. Grill shrimp until opaque, 2 to 3 minutes per side. otdash Meredith Food Studio Transfer to a serving dish, garnish with lemon wedges, and serve. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I really think the 1 tablespoon of salt is a misprint. I've used this recipe for years mincing the garlic with 1 teaspoon of salt and with that small change the recipe is a five star-er. Actually, a couple changes. I buy fresh frozen shrimp (split and deveined but NOT peeled) and thaw them in salted water (brine). Scientifically, this causes the protein in the shrimp to bind with the water and plumps them up. Leaving the shells on protects the delicate shrimp from the high heat of the grill and although it's a little work for your guests to peel their shrimp, it's finger lickin' good! The paste was awesome; husband cleaned his plate. And no butter! This recipe was so good! I used a stove top grill pan lightly oiled and it worked great Great flavors and quick! However, even reducing the salt to 1 tsp still seemed too salty for me. I would make this again with 1/2 tsp kosher salt. Easy to throw together and great flavor This recipe was surprisingly easy to make, and it was a hit with all of my family! I will DEFINITELY be making this again SOON! Thanks to the one who posted it!Lori Very good!!! This is actually Mark Bitman’s Spicy Shrimp recipe, and I’ve been making it for about 20 years with shrimp, scallops and chicken tenders. It does call for 1 tablespoon of salt which makes it very salty, so I have always put in 1 teaspoon. It’s a keeper! Everyone who tried it loved it!! I've had requests for the recipe and to make it again...sooo we're (my husband and I) making it for a family party with about 55 attendees. So easy and delicious!!
