Dorsey's Fish & Oyster House Crab Cakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/12846/dorseys-fish-oyster-house-crab-cakes/
Mix together Old Bay™ seasoning, baking mix, and parsley in a medium size mixing bowl. Stir mayonnaise, mustard, egg, and Worcestershire sauce into dry ingredients. Mix in crab meat gently. Form mixture into 6 to 8 balls. Heat 1 inch oil in a large, heavy bottomed skillet to 365 degrees F (185 degrees C). Place balls in pan, and flatten slightly with a spatula. Flip the crab cakes over after 3 minutes, or when the crab cake is browned on one side. Continue frying until done. Drain on paper towels.
This recipe is great! All of my friends and family have loved them. Instead of frying however we bake at 375 for around 25 minutes. The recipe has a great taste that doesnt interfere with the crabmeat. Try them and enjoy! Very good and very easy. I didn't have pancake mix so I used crushed crackers. As others suggested I baked them in the oven instead of frying.  YUMMY! I'm used to crab cakes with less filler (mostly just a little mayo, bread crumbs and some seasoning) but this was surprisingly good! Definitely recommend using good crab (not Fancy White) to ensure the best quality and ability to form into crab cakes. I also had to use some bread crumbs to hold it together better. The best crab cakes ever. If you pass this crab cake recipe up you are missing out!! Trust me!! Used all ingredients, but drastically cut back on the oil. I've always used a recipe that has breadcrumbs, so using biscuit mix was a new twist. They turned out very good. Thanks, Dorsey. Best recipe yet! Thanks. As we'd say here in Bahstahn, "WICKED GOOD!" sorry, just didn't love them.  Too greasy and not a lot of flavor... These were very good!  Used a sweet chili Thai sauce and they were great!  I agree they could use more flavor, but the sauce did the trick. I like that there was very little breading so you could really taste the crabmeat.  Just okay in my opinion. I guess maybe I like crabcakes with different veggies and a little more flavor. I did bake them in the oven, so maybe they are better fried? I'll try another recipe next time, but I will say that they are very easy to make!
