Oyakodon (Japanese Chicken and Egg Rice Bowl)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/128589/oyakodon-japanese-chicken-and-egg-rice-bowl/
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add chicken and cook until beginning to brown, about 5 minutes. Add onion; cook and stir until onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Pour in stock, then whisk in soy sauce, mirin, and brown sugar; stir until sugar dissolves. Bring to a boil, then lower heat and simmer until slightly reduced, about 10 minutes. Whisk eggs in a bowl until well-beaten, then pour into the hot stock mixture. Cover the skillet, reduce the heat, and steam until egg is cooked, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat. Divide rice among 4 deep soup bowls and top with equal amounts of the soup mixture.
This is the ORIGINAL Oyakodon recipe! If you can't find dashi, try putting fish stock instead of chicken. Dashi are little dryed fish turned into powder...! By the way, did you know that "Oyako" means "Parents and Children" (in this case, chicken and eggs); don is just the word used for "rice bowl" ;) My husband and I liked this dish and I will make it again. I do think it needs more onions. Your photo looks a lot more oniony than mine (I used a large onion).  Based on comments, I will omitted brown sugar. Also based on comments, I added mushrooms. While it probably is not traditional, I added garlic paste, ginger, and shichimi togarashi seasoning. Served over brown rice. Garnished with chopped scallions and shredded savoy cabbage. I only gave the recipe 4 stars because I thought it was bland as written. This was really tasty!  Not sure what I did wrong but I had way too much sauce!  I had to remove a bunch before I added the egg.  Added green onions when serving.  Yummy! This was way too sweet. Inedible.  Is it meant to teaspoons rather than tablespoons? I've made this many times and it's always a hit! The base recipe is good, but I also like to add in carrots and shiitake mushrooms with the onions for an extra kick of flavor. Tastes really good. Wish I used less soy sauce. I added green onions. Used the whites to cook with the the mixture and the green portion as a garnish. I omit the brown sugar, & it still tastes great. Very good and very filling.  I will make this again! This is extremely authentic and tastes like every Japanese restaurant I've ever been to. Definitely worth making! This a good version of a very simple recipe.  If you don't use dashi it's not Oyakdon, It might be something you like, but it's not oyakodon.  You can buy Hondashi instant dashi granules online and it keeps well if you refrigerate it after opening the packet.  If you don't have short grain rice like Nishiki or Cal Rose, use whatever rice you have.  It's still good, just not the same as in Japan or restaurants.  The starch does make a difference, but it's still good.  Most Americans aren't used to sweet egg dishes except custards.  I would recommend, the first time you make it, reducing the sugar from 3 to 1 tablespoon.  You can always sweeten it more during the cooking process but you can't take the sugar out.  Taste before serving.
