Halloween Eye of Newt
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/128664/halloween-eye-of-newt/
Gather all ingredients. llrecipes/Julia Hartbec Place all of the eggs into a large pot so they can rest on the bottom in a single layer. Fill with just enough cold water to cover the eggs. Bring to a boil, then cover, remove from the heat and let stand for about 15 minutes. Rinse under cold water or add some ice to the water and let the eggs cool completely. llrecipes/Julia Hartbec Peel and slice in half lengthwise. Remove the yolks from the eggs and place them in a bowl. Mix in the relish, mayonnaise, celery salt, mustard, and food coloring. llrecipes/Julia Hartbec Spoon this filling into the egg whites and place them on a serving tray. Round the top of the filling using the spoon. llrecipes/Julia Hartbec Place an olive slice on each yolk to create the center of the eye. Dab a tiny bit of mayonnaise in the center of the olive as a finishing touch. llrecipes/Julia Hartbec
The photo of this dish is the one I submitted. It was a hit at our neighborhood adult Halloween party. I added bloodshot eyes by dipping a knife in paprika and lightly touching the eyes. I found the recipe to be a little too dry and added a couple more tablespoons of mayo. I also colored the mayo yellow for the spot in the middle of the eye. These definitely had the fun and ghoulish 'wow factor' when plated up. The egg yolk mixture is a little thicker than your typical devilled egg recipe, but you can always add a little bit more mayo and mustard if you want it thinner or to help shape the eye ball into a mound. The relish and celery salt are a nice addition to the flavor. Five stars for originality. Very clever! We adapted the recipe to include the bloodshot look. I placed the eggs on a tray lined with lettuce for sake of presentation because they were made to bring to a Halloween driveway party. Not crazy about the celery salt as an ingredient; and there was way too little mayo, it was super dry. Next time I’ll stick to my own basic recipe of mayo and mustard.BTW, you will need more than 2 drops of food color, but it’s a good idea to add just 2 drops at a time. I put the color on the spoon to make it easier for distribution. I also put diced pimento inside each olive to make it look a little more gruesome. Easy to make!! Kids loved them!! Big hit!! My nieces and nephew loved this! Thank you! This is food people, don't use food coloring for the "Bloodshot Eyes" add flavor and use your favorite, red, hot sauce. Brush it on or dip the flat surface halves in the sauce. If that is too spicy or strong, water it down slightly to get the effect desired. It was really thick, but it still tasted good Made these for a Halloween party. They were a huge hit. I made two dozen and they were gone quicker than the catered food. Love the little bit of different flavor the celery salt added. yum and super cute!! These were a hit at a Halloween party  - you can use any deviled egg recipe for this, just add food coloring!
