Famous Chicken Adobo
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/128699/famous-chicken-adobo/
Heat vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook chicken pieces until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer chicken to a plate and set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add onion and garlic to the skillet; cook until softened and brown, about 3 to 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour in soy sauce and vinegar and season with garlic powder, black pepper, and bay leaf. Return chicken to pan, increase heat to high, and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until chicken is tender and cooked through, 35 to 40 minutes. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
My Filipino family's chicken adobo recipe is very similar. We use 1/4 cup red wine vinegar, 1/2 cup soy sauce, 1 cup water, 2 bay leaves, and omit pepper. A generous seasoning of granulated garlic can also be used in place of garlic cloves. A nice variation is also adding a little ground ginger. Delicious over steamed white rice! perfect I tried this recipe and my mom really loved how it tastes. It is flavorful and the instructions are easy to follow. so easy to make & delicious I love this adobo dish being that i’m filipino but my moms recipe calls for a cinnamon stick, and she used 2 cups of low sodium chicken broth and light soy sauce and the flavor is out of this world. She never measured  in any ingredients and i don’t either and it comes out delicious every time. She was the best cook and made filipino food healthy but tasty. miss my little mama in heaven 💕 So I have been making this recipe for about 10 years, you need to do a ratio of 2 cups vinegar to 1 cup soy sauce, I highly recommend Datu Puti soy sauce and vinegar, if you go to Asian markets they sell it in a 2 pack together, their soy sauce and vinegar is milder than American/Japanese  versions and PERFECT for this recipe. I also use 3 bay leaves, and 2-3 cans unsweetened coconut milk (secret ingredient)  family favorite and can be done with chicken or pork. This is a favorite dish from over 30 yrs ago,  I have made it in a crock pot, with and without skin, never browning first.  I even made it with canned chicken while we were sailing in the Bahamas to serve at pot lucks.   This is always a hit with requests for the recipe.  I like to double the liquid ingredients to make lots of sauce.  I use either white or yellow rice with it.  The smell is wonderful while it cooks.
