Marinated Pork Medallions with a Ginger-Apple Compote
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/128953/marinated-pork-medallions-with-a-ginger-apple-compote/
Puree the balsamic vinegar, garlic, and thyme in a blender until mixed. With the blender running, slowly pour in the olive oil until thickened and incorporated. Pour the marinade into a resealable plastic bag. Add the pork pieces, coat with the marinade, squeeze out excess air, and seal the bag. Marinate in the refrigerator for 30 minutes. Preheat an outdoor grill for medium heat, and lightly oil the grate. Remove the pork from the marinade, and shake off excess. Discard the remaining marinade. Cook the pork on the preheated grill until no longer pink in the center, about 10 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). Once cooked, remove from the grill, cover with aluminum foil, and allow to rest for 5 to 10 minutes before slicing. While the pork is cooking, melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Stir in the brown sugar until it begins to simmer. Add the apples, cherries, ginger, cinnamon, and nutmeg. Cook and stir until the apple is tender, about 5 minutes. Serve the sliced pork topped with the apple compote.
Delicious! The pork comes out moist, tender and full of flavor - not at all dry unless you over cook it. Start off with a good quality balsamic vinegar and you can't go wrong. There is however a bit too much marinade. For about 2 lbs. of pork tenderloin I used 1 cup of balsamic vinegar and 1/4 cup of olive oil. I left the amount of garlic and thyme the same and added some fresh rosemary as it pairs well. I pricked the tenderloin serveral times with a fork and sprinkled it with a bit of kosher salt and cracked black pepper, cut it up into pieces, then poured the marinade over top and let it go all day. The longer it marinates the better. The pork will basically soak up most of the marinade. This is very similar to "Grilled Pork Tenderloin with Balsamic Vinegar" from this site. So if you like this you'll like that one too. When cooking it on the grill I skewered it to make it easier to turn and cook evenly. For the compote, I used half the amount of butter, fresh cherries (15), 1/4 tsp. of ginger powder and eyeballed the cinnamon and nutmeg. The compote is very good. I could see using dried cherries or dried cranberries depending on your tastes. This is a definite keeper and will make you look like a star in front of guests. Delicious. An excellent mixture of  sweet and tart. This is delicious!  The pork was very tender and the compote was SO tasty.  My husband loved it, said this recipe is a keeper.  I followed everyone's advise and went lighter on the balsamic vinegar and oil for the marinade. made a few changes omitted sugars and such, fantastic jump off! cheers! It was delicious. It seemed like a lot of marinade (a whole bottle of balsamic seemed excessive) so I only made half and I found a quarter would have been sufficient for my 1.3 lb tenderloin. I prepped in the morning and it marinated all day while I was at work. It was fork tender. Compote was a nice addition but it would be quite good without it. Definitely adding it to the rotation. Uses far too much balsamic and olive oil just to throw it away. I used half balsamic, increased garlic and thyme, and added 1/4 cup papaya. I marinated exactly 40 minutes, added salt and pepper. The sweet apple mix drizzled on top knocked it out of the ball park. I fave it 3 stars because I had to adjust the recipe so much, but it was delicious I used cranberries instead of cherries, cut butter in half and it was delicious.  Even better the next day. This was over the top delicious! I followed the recipe exactly! Absolutely Delicious! Glad I read the reviews, I cut it in half & used 2 pork tenderloin. Was more than enough marinade. I used a Bosch pear rather than an apple.  Yum!
