Made Me Love Pumpkin Cake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/129443/made-me-love-pumpkin-cake/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9x13 inch baking dish. Pour the milk into a small bowl, and stir in the vinegar. Set aside. Mix the flour together with rolled oats, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, nutmeg, and cloves in a bowl. Beat the white sugar, brown sugar, vegetable oil, butter, milk mixture, and vanilla together in a mixing bowl until smooth and well blended. Add the pumpkin and beat again until smooth. Gradually stir in the flour mixture until evenly blended. Mix in the walnuts. Pour the batter into the prepared baking dish. Bake in preheated oven until the top is golden brown and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 45 minutes. Cool on a rack. Meanwhile, mix the frosting with 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon in a bowl. When the cake is completely cool, spread over the top.
This cake was the best ever!! no one touched the pumpkin pie! Wow, does my house smell great right now!!!  This easy cake, made without eggs, is really really good.  I substituted lime juice for the vinegar, but otherwise made this as written.  Okay, I doubled the spices because we really love spice cake.  It is cooling now as I prepare for guests, and plan to frost it with a cinnamon buttercream frosting, as I don't have any cream cheese, but can't imagine anyone turning up their nose to this one.  Great recipe. I will make it again, it's a good, tasty, moist cake. I used half whole wheat flour and half white, and the whole can of pumpkin, as well as double the spices. To compensate for more pumpkin, I only used 1/3 C of oil. I had gotten some Nestlé's Pumpkin Spice chips, which I'd never seen before, and I added 1/2 C of those with the nuts, which people liked. I made my own cream cheese cinnamon frosting. Thanks for such a great recipe. Great to have an eggless recipe which turns out so beautifully. Agree with other reviews that the quantity of spices need to be atleast doubled for more depth of flavour. Making it again for the Good Griday today. I did not care for this recipe. :( Very tasty! I skipped the frosting and served this with whipped cream. This cake is moist and full of flavor. My cake was done baking at 35 minutes. I really really really wanted to love this recipe, but texture-wise, I will stick to the pumpkin roll recipes on this site (with eggs). Sooooooo good! I followed recipe exactly except I made my own cream cheese frosting because I think the ones in the can are too sweet. This pumpkin cake was absolutely delicious! I topped it with cream cheese icing, and it was soooooo good! NOTE: I made my own icing with 1 pack of cream cheese, 1/4 C. sugar, and 1/8 C. milk. I melted the cream cheese in the microwave then just added the other ingredients, and ... Presto! Definately a keeper. I used 1 cup honey instead of sugars, 1/2 cup extra pumpkin instead of butter, and doubled the spices. It rose beautifully, was moist, well-spiced, and gone in 5 minutes! Thank you for a recipe I could easily make egg and dairy free without anyone knowing!
