Crispy Shrimp Tempura
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/129467/crispy-shrimp-tempura/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat oil in a deep-fryer to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Whisk flour, cornstarch, and salt together in a large bowl; make a well in the center. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour water and egg yolk into the well and mix just until moistened; batter will be lumpy. Stir in egg whites. otdash Meredith Food Studio Dip one shrimp at a time into batter to coat; do not batter tails. otdash Meredith Food Studio When three shrimp have been battered, carefully place them into the deep fryer and fry until golden brown, about 1 1/2 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on a paper towel-lined plate. Repeat with remaining shrimp, battering a few at a time while the previous batch is cooking. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Easy to make recipe. I also fried up onion chunks and sweet potato slices about 1/4 thick that came out very nicely. I fried the vegetables first and then the shrimp so I would not have a cleaner taste for the veggies. I also divided the batter, one for veggies one for shrimp. Thanks!  We love this easy to make Gluten-free recipe at our house.  We use Pillsbury Best Gluten Free All Purpose Flour Blend.  The batter is easy to make and covers the items dipped easily. It fries up well also, no “globs” of batter residue drifting to the bottom of the wok!  You might think it will taste “bready” but it is very light and doesn’t detract from the individual foods taste at all.  We have already used this batter for dishes other than Shrimp. Best recipe find of the 2020 pandemic! Didn't taste like at restaurants. Very eggy flavor. Absolutely delicious robust flavor definitely a redo! because of previous reviews complaining about blandness, i added some black pepper and Old Bay seasoning to the flour mixture. I wasn't too concerned about the batter not browning, as i've never seen brown tempura in an authentic restaurant. Still it wasn't as crispy as I would have liked. i fried it nice and hot, it wasn't greasy or soggy, but just not crispy. i wonder if a quick dip in panko after the batter might help satisfy our crispy cravings? Five stars for the batter recipe. I didn't use this with shrimp, I actually used it with sliced zucchini. I added a little more salt to the recipe along with a heavy dose of garlic powder and some pepper. It works great on vegetables and gives just the right texture and flavor. I've made it twice in the last week! Great change from my weekly Shrimp and grits.  My boys were impressed I tried...I really tried. First batch came out very, very blah and not crispy at all. I added pepper, salt and sriracha sauce and a bit more corn starch. That crisped it up a bit and added flavor. I'll try a different recipe next time. Super easy and Super Yummy!!! Shrimp was lacking in flavor, shrimp got super stuck on fry basket, and were not crispy enough.
