Greek Lemon Chicken Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/12963/greek-lemon-chicken-soup/
Gather the ingredients. Combine chicken broth, lemon juice, carrots, onions, celery, soup base, and white pepper in a large pot. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce heat and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes, or until the vegetables are tender. Blend margarine and flour in a small bowl; gradually stir into soup mixture. Simmer, stirring frequently, for 8 to 10 minutes. Meanwhile, beat egg yolks in a bowl until light in color. Gradually whisk in some hot soup, using a ladle to pour in a thin stream while whisking the egg yolks vigorously. Add egg mixture to the pot in same manner, and heat through. Add rice and chicken; cook until warmed through. Ladle hot soup into bowls and garnish with lemon slices.
This is an excellent recipe! We have had Avegolemono (it's Greek name)many, many times in restaurants. Our FAVORITE makes it a little less rich (less eggs),a lot more rice and chicken, and with just-a-little thinner broth. I will adjust this recipe to our tastes next time;but this was a wonderful example of Greek Lemon Rice soup. Thank you so much,for the recipe! I suspect the reviews that said it was too salty, were using 'boullion' or a brand of soup base that was very salty. My brand soup base "Vogue" did not have a lot of salt (I bought it at an health food store). Also, I never add the rice into the large pot;but only in the INDIVIDUAL serving bowls; I mix it in JUST prior to serving. It works better for leftovers;you never wind up with puffed up rice mush this way. :) So very good! Halved the chicken base - the only change. Probably the best soup I've made. Flavor was spectacular. Added more chicken and rice than called for and I think it added great value. Flour not necessary.  Lemon not added to broth but to beaten eggs mixture that is added to soup gently when rice is cooked, thereby thickening the avgolemono.  Followed by chunks of cooked chicken.Make broth with whole chicken or chicken legs. Add vegetables to chicken broth after  chicken has been simmering for about  30 minutes.  When chi ken cooked and removed,add raw rice, not cooked rice. I  am confused on the chicken broth and chicken soup base.  I use Orrington's for chicken broth, and never heard of chicken soup base.  it does not sound correct to add 6 tbps. of base unless you mean to add water to it.  ???? Do I need soup base? Great! Everybody in my family loves this recipe. It’s a great option for cold, winter (or spring) nights. To make things easier, I use pre-cooked rotisserie chicken, Uncle Ben’s jasmine ready rice, pre-shredded carrots, and Easy Onion (found in a jar in the produce section) terrific recipe. Super tasty, good consistency. I did change one thing - I added 2 cups of cooked chicken, instead of one, I would cook this again. Its great! I wanna try it I loved this recipe with the exception of the saltiness. I believe it was the chicken soup base that was the source. I will make it again  with no more than half of the soup base it called for. Other than that, it was reminiscent of the soup of a fantastic Greek taverna that my family went to many years ago. Oh, and I opted for brown rice instead of white. I don't care for the egg yolks to be added to my soup. I'm definitely not a fan!!!
