Apple Spinach Salad
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/129820/apple-spinach-salad/
Toss ingredients with dressing in large bowl.
So quick and easy to make. I toasted my pecans in my Cuisinart air fryer oven. They took about 2.5 minutes. I would have never thought to pair this salad with Italian dressing. Absolutely delicious! this is delicious.  my family loved it.  i do have to admit that i used about a teaspoon of the kraft dressing, then used olive oil and balsamic vinegar for the rest.  i made the salad for 6 and YUM. Simply fresh lusciousness!My husband states " I'll have to give it 5 stars because  you won't let me give it 6!    Perfect crunchy ingredients to complement the greens!  I  usually prefer cold salad but this room temp dressing is so appealing (olive oil, red wine vinegar and 1/2 package  of wishbone dry salad dressing mix) This salad is absolutely delicious! I loved the sweet apple with the tangy dressing and the crunch factor of the celery, pecans, and apples. Next time I’ll dice the apples just to make the salad easier to eat. So quick and easy to make. I toasted my pecans in my Cuisinart air fryer oven. They took about 2.5 minutes. I would have never thought to pair this salad with Italian dressing. Absolutely delicious! Really tasty, with a nice mix of flavors and textures. I loved the combination of the parmesan in the dressing with the sweet apples, nutty pecans and crunchy celery. So simple, but a big flavor payoff.  I suggest toasting the pecans first (you could do this quickly in a skillet), or while you're assembling the salad. Simple and delightful are the two words that come to mind for this salad.  The toasted pecans are the perfect match for the other ingredients.  This salad literally only took 10 minutes to make.  Ten out of ten would make this again! I had my doubts about how apples would taste with Italian dressing, but I was pleasantly surprised because they’re good!  That little bit of sweetness from the apples is a good contrast to the tang of the dressing.  I also enjoyed the crunch from the apples, pecans, and celery, and as a bonus, this salad has great eye appeal.   Just doesn’t get much easier than this for a light lunch today with a few fig and olive crackers.
