Baked Potato Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/12997/baked-potato-soup-i/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place bacon in a large skillet and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain bacon slices on paper towels; crumble and set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Meanwhile, melt butter in a stockpot or Dutch oven over medium heat. Gradually add flour, whisking until well-combined. Slowly pour in milk, whisking constantly until smooth and thickened. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add potatoes and onions and bring to a boil, stirring frequently. Reduce heat and simmer for 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in crumbled bacon, Cheddar cheese, sour cream, salt, and pepper. Continue cooking and stirring until cheese is melted. otdash Meredith Food Studio Enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
Tried a healthier version of this soup (down from 60 grams of fat per serv. to 8!!) Cut out the butter completely (we didn't even miss it amazingly) used 6 cups of 2% milk, reduced fat sharp cheddar, reduced fat sour cream. Reserved a 1/4 cup each of sour cream and cheese plus all of the bacon crumbles & used 1tbsp each to top each serving. DELICIOUS - never would have thought it healthy! I also used about 6 potatos and coursley mashed them as opposed to cubed. YUM! I skipped the sour cream.. but it was still great.. Kids are always honest, and the 4 year-old wanted seconds! Absolute comfort food!! I washed potatoes and rolled them in coarse salt, pricked them and biked them for 8 minutes then in the oven for about ten. Otherwise followed the recipe! Scrumptious!! Great recipe as is! Only change I made was to leave some of the crumbled bacon aside to use as topping. Made this three different times and served it to different guests and all of them raved about it! A definite keeper!! Because I was only making this soup for myself and my husband, I cut the recipe in half, and it worked! I was thick and flavorful and very filling. I did add a 1/2 teaspoon of powdered chicken bouillon, and it added extra flavor to the soup. I was tempted to add chicken bouillon because I was afraid the soup would be bland. I didnt though. Stuck with the recipe except for sauteeing the green onions in the roux. Added a lot more salt and pepper and a little water to thin out the soup (used vitamin D milk and the soup was very thick). With the additions to personal taste and consistency, the soup was delicious. Left out the bacon.  Still great! I baked my bacon and added an extra potato. I will be saving this and making it again. Very thick and creamy, toppings are key. Cooking potatoes in milk is challenging! I added a bouillon cube and still needed to add more S&P.
