Broccoli Cheese Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/13045/broccoli-cheese-soup/
Gather all ingredients. llrecipes/Qi A Melt butter in a stockpot over medium heat. Add onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened. Stir in broccoli. llrecipes/Qi A Add broth and simmer until broccoli is tender, 10 to 15 minutes. llrecipes/Qi A Reduce heat; add cheese cubes and stir until melted. Stir in milk and garlic powder. llrecipes/Qi A Stir cornstarch and water together in a small bowl until smooth. Stir into soup; cook, stirring frequently, until thick. Serve and enjoy! llrecipes/Qi A
Mmmm, mmmm GOOD!!! I read all the reviews before making it and did a few "tweaks" to the recipe and I am blissfully happy with the results. Keeper recipe!Here are the "tweaks" that I made:I covered the broccoli with THREE cans of chicken broth instead of four. I used TWO bags (14 oz) of broccoli florets I used TWO lbs of Velveeta (actually I used the generic grocery brand, it was cheaper) Instead of mixing cornstarch with water, I mixed it with the FOURTH can of chicken broth.  Doubled the broccoli and added fresh cracked pepper. Topped with crumbled bacon...amazing! I made the recipe mostly as written; the only changes I made were to double the ingredient amounts and add some black pepper to taste before serving.  The results were outstanding.  Nothing melts as silky smoothly as good old Velveeta!  I love that you can throw this soup together quickly with inexpensive, readily available ingredients and come out with a delicious product you can proudly serve guests. It also reheats just fine. I made it a day before a tailgate party and then reheated it in a Crockpot on low.  It paired incredibly well with roast beef sliders. I saw a lot of dipping going on. This recipe is definitely a keeper. The only change I might make next time is to replace the garlic powder with chopped/mashed roasted garlic (to taste) and maybe replace a cup or two of the chicken stock with a cheap, dry white wine. It's not that this isn't already a great recipe; I like to experiment. I added a small shake of red pepper flakesI added just a hint of heatDELICIOUS! This recipe truly is what a broccoli cheese soup should taste like. It nails the flavor profile masterfully. The richness from the cheese and the freshness from the broccoli balance each other perfectly. I’d suggest enjoying this soup paired with a full bodied buttery chardonnay, what a great start to a dinner party ! It would also be heavenly with some garlic bread on the side. This was easy to make! I used heavy cream instead of milk and it was one of the best brocolli cheddar soups I have made! Perfect when followed. Doubled the BroccoliAdded 1/2 cup of steamed pureed AsparagusTopped with real bacon bits...yum We loved it.
