Mulligatawny Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/13087/mulligatawny-soup-i/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Melt butter in a large soup pot over medium heat. Add onions, celery, and carrot and sauté until soft, 5 to 7 minutes. Add flour and curry, and cook 5 more minutes, stirring frequently. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add chicken broth, mix well, and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for about 30 minutes. Add apple, rice, chicken, thyme, salt, and pepper. Simmer until rice is tender, 15 to 20 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Just before serving, stir in hot cream. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
This is good low-calorie soup if you do it right. I omitted the butter, flour, rice, cream and pepper (hello, its hot already!) I instead used 2 tsp of olive oil for the butter. Instead of using flour, I used 1 cup of potatoes, diced fine (in place of rice), since it will thicken up a stew anyway. I added 1% fat milk instead of cream, and passed around light sour cream for everyone to dollop on top (which totally was delicious, don't leave it out!) I used a total of 200g of raw chicken as well. The calories for me turned out to be 58 per 100g (I weighed the whole thing after cooking and then calculated a 100g serving.) fat 1.2g, carbs 6g, and protein 5.8g. (These calcs do not include the sour cream on top.) I'll definitely make it again, husband gave it a 10/10! And I grated the carrots, since I'm not a fan of them in dice form. So easy to make, and I had all the ingredients to hand. My partner Caroline makes stock from store cooked rotisserie chicken, and we had a jar of that in the fridge. I used garam masala in place of curry powder. lol. #iynynThis is a going into the rotation for family meals. Loved it. I did make a few changes. I added a whole apple, I traded one cup of water for 1 cup of unfiltered apple cider (already open), I used coconut milk (already open) instead of cream, tripled the curry, and added some cayenne. We like spicy and the hot and sweet were wonderful together. First time to make this…I doubled the recipe.  The only difference was I used olive oil instead of butter.  DELICIOUS! According to a previous reviewer, we are not allowed to make changes to suit our taste. But I did anyway! No cream. Olive oil instead of butter. Brown and wild rice instead of white. I also added chopped garlic. The curry is what enticed me to make this soup - we don't get to cook with curry enough! I added parsley and red pepper flakes. Used Greek yogurt instead of cream. This soup is awesome no matter what you do to it. Just don't leave out the curry! Don't be afraid of the curry, it is fantastic for any chicken soup lovers I don't use heavy cream and add more apples and whole tomatoes... Really really good. less calories too It doesn’t make a lot, so next time I’ll double the recipe. But it’s delicious. I was surprised how much my sons, 11, 14, and 15 liked it. They said it was a "make again" I doubled everything except the rice which I added 3/4 cups instead of 1/4.
