Holiday Pumpkin Cake with Rum-Cream Cheese Glaze
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/130800/holiday-pumpkin-cake-with-rum-cream-cheese-glaze/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a Bundt pan. Sift the self-rising flour and pumpkin pie spice together into a bowl. In another mixing bowl, beat the white and brown sugars, vegetable oil, melted butter, applesauce, vanilla, pumpkin, and eggs together until smooth. Gradually beat the flour mixture into the pumpkin mixture, 1/2 cup at a time, until completely smooth and well blended. Pour the batter into the prepared Bundt pan. Bake in preheated oven for 60 minutes. Cover cake with aluminum foil to prevent over-browning, and bake until a wooden skewer inserted into the cake comes out clean, 15 to 20 minutes longer. Cool the cake in the pan on a wire rack for about half an hour. To unmold the cake, tap the bottom of the Bundt pan on the counter or work surface to help release it. Invert the cake on a serving plate and allow it to cool completely before glazing. To make the glaze, mix the cream cheese with the butter, confectioners' sugar, rum extract, and milk in a bowl. Heat in a microwave oven for 15 seconds. Drizzle spoonfuls over the cooled cake. Keep cake refrigerated after serving.
Awesome cake, and actually Valerie there is a cookoing time- 1 hr. and all cooks should read the recipe before cooking. Only used the rum glaze - delicious - did not adjust at all Very easy to make. The cake has a denser consistency with more of a pumpkin pie-like thickness to it versus a regular cake consistency. But still very good. The icing was simple and amazing. We will definitely be making this again this holiday season. Great recipe! I use caramel macchiato creamer instead if milk for the glaze! Sprinkled walnuts on top! I baked it for 1hr and an additional 20 minutes with the foil, the cake looked done, I placed the icing on top, but after I cut a slice and put a fork in it, it was too moist almost like eating a pumpkin pie ! It is supposed to have a texture of a pumpkin pie, or a spongy cake? It looks like the inside did not cook. Put it did taste superb My husband and friends love this. However, it REALLY is a pumpkin cake. It calls for a lot of  pumpkin which makes the cake very heavy and very soggy in my opinion. It taste quite good but the consistency is off-putting to me. I find this true of a lot of recipes that are so heavy on the pumpkin. Ironically, I've never made this cake. However, I love the glaze! I reworked the amounts to use as a drizzle over my famous pumpkin pie. I added 3 tsp baking powder, 1 tsp baking soda, and additional 1/2 cup of flour and sifted all together with pumpkin pie spice because all I had on-hand was all-purpose flour--baked for 1 hour 15 minutes--came out in bundt pan moist and delicious!  Used 1 tblsp rum instead of imitation and glaze was rich and delicious I use this glaze on top the "Too Much Chocolate Cake" and enjoy a little (or big) piece of heaven!!! I followed the recipe to the T, as I do will all the recipes that I get from All Recipes. This did not rise at all. I do not know what happened but it was very embarrasing at Thanksgiving Dinner at a friends house.  I hope that your will turn out better if you do try this
