Day-After-Thanksgiving Turkey Carcass Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/130979/day-after-thanksgiving-turkey-carcass-soup/
Place turkey carcass in a large, deep pot. Add stuffing, onion, carrots, celery, poultry seasoning, sage, and bay leaves. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour in chicken broth. Add additional water if needed to cover. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Reduce heat to medium and simmer, skimming off any foam, for about 1 hour. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove carcass and any bones. Pick any meat off carcass and bones. Return meat to the pot and discard bones and skin. otdash Meredith Food Studio Season soup with garlic salt and pepper. Stir in rice and return to a boil over medium-high heat. Reduce heat to medium and simmer for 15 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in peas and continue to simmer until rice is tender, about 10 minutes more. otdash Meredith Food Studio Adjust seasonings to taste before serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
I made this soup this morning and we just had it for lunch. I followed the recipe exactly except for the peas (didn't have any on hand) but next time will be sure to add those. This soup is so great!! Everyone loves it and several people had seconds - the flavors are excellent and we really like how the stuffing adds another dimension to the soup. Definitely a keeper - next time I'll probably cut back on the rice by about 1/2 cup - the proportion of rice to other ingredients was a little heavy. Thanks for an awesome recipe!!  I didn’t have any stuffing left so improvised with adding Watkins chicken soup seasoning to taste and leftover shredded turkey.  Wow, nice delicious comfort soup. What a great way to use up left-over Thanksgiving turkey.  I hate to waste food but I get tired of heating up plain old leftovers, so this soup was perfect!  I used fresh rosemary and thyme instead of the dried sage.  Perfect comfort food! Delicious and great way to use the turkey carcas...used 1.5 cups egg noodles instead of  rice and it was perfect. I didn’t have ground sage, but it still came out really nice.   Very tasty. My family and I loved this soup! The only changes I made were that I added a tablespoon of minced garlic instead of using garlic salt. I also substituted the rice with small shell pasta. I have the recipe saved and I will definitely make it again. Thank you. The flavor was very good, in part because my leftover stuffing was made with hot sausage.However, I had to make an adjustment such as adding 5 extra cups of liquid (a combination of chicken stock and water) because the consistency was more like a rice casserole rather than a soup.Another suggestion would be to change the rice to be ½ cup to ¾ cup and the liquid to be 3 quarts, dice the carrots to be the same size as the onions.The fun part of this recipe yields several servings so be prepared for lots of leftovers of the leftover soup.Great News - since I cooked the turkey a week before Thanksgiving and made the soup a few days later... I was able to put the left overs in gift giving plastic containers for our Thanksgiving Day guests! Way too much rice. Use half or go egg noodles. Otherwise it's great More work than I usually put into carcass soup, but worth it.  I picked the meat off as best I could then roasted the bones at 400 degrees for about 30 minutes turning them half way through.   Used 32 oz. of chicken broth then my leftover gravy with enough water to make 3 cups.  Glad I only used 1 cup of rice.  No other changes.  Great flavor the first day so looking forward to leftovers because usually soups are better the next day. We all enjoyed it, even me a turkey hater. I did change a few things. I used celery salt, more poultry seasoning, carrots, and garlic powder. Used noodles instead of rice. I also used veg & chicken stock. Thank You for a great recipe.
