Miso Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/13107/miso-soup/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine water and dashi granules in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat; bring to a boil. otdash Meredith Food Studio Reduce heat to medium and whisk in miso paste. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in tofu. otdash Meredith Food Studio Separate the layers of green onions, and add them to the soup. Simmer gently for 2 to 3 minutes before serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Honest - this is the real thing. The secret is the Dashi granules. I'm a teacher and had a Japanese student bring me the box his mom used to make their miso soup. Had to go to a Japanese market to get it - but it was worth it. They do sell miso with dashi flavoring - which I used. I used soft tofu, and added some sliced ginger while heating the soup. It was just like my local restaurant - and I'm so glad I can make it cheaper than the $1.50 they charge for a small bowl. Will fix it often! Miso is supposed to be very healthy. High sodium, though. The market sold low-sodium miso - may try that when I'm out of the current one. Brilliant recipe. No messing about great results every time I’m added some thinly sliced mushrooms and some spinach! Family loved it! The silken tofu was not great, and could be a little bit firmer, but otherwise it’s amazing soup 😍 This was delicious,  I do enjoy spice. So I just added a little bit of sriracha. It was delicious. I also added shiitake mushrooms what a great dish thank you so much for the recipe! Very quick and very easy! This recipe is so easy and it is so delicious! I used lower sodium miso and added a few fresh ginger slices for more flavor. Some people say that miso soup sodium is bad for you but do your research. Scientists have determined Miso soup does not raise blood pressure or have negative effects on people with heart conditions.  It’s actually good for you. I did half water and half chicken broth for the base and it tasted incredible! This soup was just as easy as instant but bursting with flavor! I added mushrooms and for the dashi I used 1 tsp dried kelp and 1 tsp dulse granules. Thank you for a wonderful miso soup recipe.
