Rich and Creamy Tomato Basil Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/13113/rich-and-creamy-tomato-basil-soup/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place tomatoes and juice in a stockpot over medium heat; bring to a simmer. Cook until tomatoes have softened, about 30 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove the pot from heat. Add basil leaves to the pot. otdash Meredith Food Studio Use an immersion blender to purée soup until smooth. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in heavy cream and butter. Cook and stir over medium heat until butter is melted, about 5 minutes. Do not boil. Season with salt and pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
This recipe was excellent!! A restaurant near my house makes the best Tomato Basil soup, so I was looking for a recipe to imitate theirs. I would recommend only blending 1/3 to 1/2 of the soup, leaving some chuncks gives it a nice consistancy. Also pealing and seeding is not a necessity. I did it the first time and not the second time and could not tell the differece. Also if your in hurry canned tomatoes work well as a substitute. Dont skimp on the basil, thats what makes it wonderful. Overall A++ a really great soup for any occasion. LOVED!  I used four huge garden-grown fresh tomatoes.  I did poach them to removed the skin but kept the seeds and pulp.  I diced up half of a large onion.  The 4 cups of tomato juice was just right.  I used a slotted spoon/ pasta drain scoop to pull out the thicker tomato chucks and blended them in the bullet.  NOTE:  do not fill a bullet with hot steamy food it will explode.  Fill 1/3 and give it a quick blend, then return to soup pot and process  more of the thicker tomato chunks.  The butter and Heavy cream made it sing. The fresh basil is a beautiful touch.  I added about a TBL of sea salt and cayenne pepper to give it a slight charge.  Fabulous!🍅. Top it off with shaved Parmesan cheese and fresh cracked black pepper.  😋 I had basil from my garden but it was dried. Would have rather had fresh. I used Roma Tomatoes as for they are what I grow in Idaho. I sautéed finely chopped onion and garlic.Added it as well. Wash really yummy 👏 I made this and served it for our Bible Study group of 13.  Got rave reviews and requests for the recipe.  I made it per the recipe. I do think I will use flour or cornstarch to thicken next time. I roat my tomatoes  and I add a cup of cooked orzo .with some crusty bread it makes it a meal in itself I added some garlic and onion powder.  Also a little sugar.  I didn't have heavy cream so added a little half and half with a few pats of butter.  The basil made the soup. I love this recipe! To me it’s the best of summer. Great recipe!I was told years ago to add sugar to it to tone down the acidity.  I use 4 table spoons.  Awesome recipe. Yummy just as is!! Great flavor. I was hesitant to use heavy cream, so I used 1/2 n 1/2. Next time, I'm going for the cream! I did blanch the tomatoes, so they were easy to peel. Reading reviews, I won't worry about the seeds next time. Definitely a keeper. Oh! That basil.
