Fried Venison Backstrap
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/131713/fried-venison-backstrap/
Place venison slices into a shallow bowl and pour in 2 cups milk and hot sauce. Stir to coat, then cover and marinate for 1 hour. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat vegetable oil in an electric fryer or skillet to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Set up a dredging station: Stir together flour, salt, and pepper in a shallow bowl. Whisk eggs and remaining 1/2 cup milk together in a separate shallow bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Dip venison slices into the flour mixture, then into the egg mixture, then back into the flour mixture. Shake off excess flour. otdash Meredith Food Studio Fry in the hot oil until lightly browned on each side, about 3 minutes. Remove with tongs and drain briefly on paper towels before serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I am a chef on a south Texas deer ranch and I always chicken-fry the backstrap. I cook it the same, but chop it differently. I cut the backstrap into 3 inch chunks and pound it flat just like a chicken fried steak. Soooo good!! Venison purists might cringe to see their coveted tenderloins fried like this but I served to a party of 6 and everyone ohhed and ahhed! The milk/hot sauce marinade helps make this meat incredibly tender - which, tenderloin already is. We let sit for 3 hours due to hosting responsibilities and, when came time to fry, oh my heaven! I have never been a “fried steak” kind of person but make an exception here. Great but basic flavors that really? Doesn’t taste like the stereotypical venison. Had homemade Bang Bang sauce from this site on the table, plus ketchup, blue cheese dressing and honey mustard on the table for dipping - if desired. I would gladly make this again! Kudos Nicole H Green! Very easy and tasty.  Made enough for leftovers for another night. I like that.  Paired with onion gravy and mashed potatoes makes a great meal.. Hubby very happy!! Tried if for the first time and came out great,ate some that day and took the rest for lunch at work Really good and not so difficult as other recipes easy and simple My son got a deer so I was cooking to please my husband likes a lot of flavor) as well as my ex-husband (fairly picky with his venison and doesn’t try new things often), our teenagers, and a toddler. I tried this as a middle of the road recipe and it was a hit! My son had seconds, his dad took home a doggy bag for lunch tomorrow, our two year old ate it up and never batted an eye at the small amount of heat and my teenage daughter who rarely eats meat had an entire piece. The cooking time was the only thing off about it. It took me right at an hour to do 1.5x the meat the recipe was created for, so it should read about 40 minutes instead of 20 unless the recipe is preparing it to be eaten rare. I did use Cavender’s Greek Seasoning (salt free) instead of salt and pepper since my family uses low sodium recipes and we dipped in Panko crumbs instead of flour after the egg wash. I had no idea how to cook this deer meat that my boyfriend had in his freezer. I tried this and though it was messy, the end result was quite delicious. As another user suggested, I cut the meat into about 3 inch pieces and slightly pounded the meat before cooking. I used coconut milk,  since I was out of regular milk. All in all, I would make this again. Turned out amazing just by the recipe! Great texture and juiciest middle. The batter didn't over power the flavor. Love it.
