Stove Top Pot Roast
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/131931/stove-top-pot-roast/
Heat oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over medium-high heat; add roast and quickly brown on all sides. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add enough water to the pot to cover roast; add celery, garlic, onion, basil, salt, and pepper. Bring to a boil; reduce heat to low and simmer for 2 hours and 15 minutes, adding additional water if needed to keep the roast covered. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add turnips and potatoes; simmer for an additional 15 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add carrots; simmer for 30 minutes, or until roast can be pulled apart with a fork. otdash Meredith Food Studio Season to taste with salt and pepper if needed before serving. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
I think this would have been boring if I made it as described. With a few slight modifications it became a complete delight.I used some diluted chicken broth (didn't have beef) instead of water. Your liquid will cook down so you don't need to use the stock at full strength.I used a smaller roast (1.5 pounds). Added a splash of shiraz, a dash of worcestershire sauce, and about 2 tbsp of molasses at the same time as the stock. Also, I added the celery tops and thin bits (don't throw out the leaves - they are good seasoning in stews and roasts). When adding the potatoes, I also added a splash of soy sauce and about 1 tsp of tarragon flakes, and another tbsp of molasses. At the end of the line, about 5 minutes before removing from the heat, I added a good splash of shiraz and a very healthy grind of fresh black pepper. Don't put the pepper in too early as the recipe instructs, as you will cook the flavor out of it.I cooked this recipe with a lid half on, and had to add about 1 cup of water halfway through. I used bovril stock cubes n a small amount of gravy granules to thicken And with yellow riceFor the first time I did pretty well if I do say so myself! I started by marinating my tri-tip for a few hours (equal parts olive oil, worcestershire sauce, soy sauce and balsamic vinegar with a bit of brown mustard and garlic powder). I used 1/2 & 1/2 beef broth and water and added 2 bay leaves. When my husband says "you can make this again anytime" you know it is a winner. Added beefy onion soup mix and deleted the turnip. Was great. Hate to say this. This recipe is extremely bland. I tried to jazz it up a bit but … eek! I grew up with stovetop chuck roast dinners on Sunday nights.  So the meal is a taste of nostalgia for me.  Since mom didn't use a lot of spices, this recipe was just right with just salt, pepper and basil.  The only change I made is to cook the potatoes separately - pot roasts tend to be a bit fatty and the potatoes get greasy when boiled in the liquid.  I also put thick slices of onion on top of the roast when I added the carrots.  Nice, simple recipe with old time flavor. Great recipe. I made a few minor change's as a personal preference but this recipe was easy to make. The recipe was easy to remember and follow. Thanks for all the other reviews. They had some great suggestion's. I seasoned my roast before Browning with Dan-O's, garlic salt and slap yo mamma and used chicken broth instead of water. I also added red wine, Worcestershire sauce and soy sauce to my broth. Also I put my veggies in 1hr and 15mins before taking off heat. That way they were all the way cooked. The family loved it. Not much flavor. I should have followed my first instinct and substituted another spice for the basil. Made as the directions stated. Meat was tough. Potatoes and carrots were undercooked. Broth wasn't bad. I'll have better luck improvising and throwing everything in an hour sooner
