Absolutely Ultimate Potato Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/13218/absolutely-ultimate-potato-soup/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place bacon in a Dutch oven and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, 5 to 10 minutes. Drain bacon pieces on paper towels. Drain off all but 1/4 cup of the bacon grease. otdash Meredith Food Studio otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook celery and onion in the reserved bacon drippings until onion is soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in garlic, and continue cooking for 1 to 2 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add cubed potatoes, and toss to coat. Sauté for 3 to 4 minutes. Return bacon to the pan, and add enough chicken stock to just cover the potatoes. Cover, and simmer until potatoes are tender, 15 to 20 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio otdash Meredith Food Studio Meanwhile, melt butter in a separate skillet over medium heat. Whisk in flour. Cook, stirring constantly, 1 to 2 minutes. Whisk in heavy cream, tarragon, and cilantro. otdash Meredith Food Studio otdash Meredith Food Studio Bring cream mixture to a boil, and cook, stirring constantly, until thickened, about 5 minutes. Add cream mixture to the potato mixture; stir to combine. otdash Meredith Food Studio otdash Meredith Food Studio Transfer about 1/2 of the soup to a blender and purée. Return to the Dutch oven. Adjust seasonings to taste. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO
I read all the top reviews and nobody has mentioned this before so maybe it's not a big deal to some...but I thought the bacon would be SO much better if it wasn't boiled with the potatoes (after cooking it.) It lost it's flavor and became soggy! I think it would be so much better added at the end, after everything was pureed. Just my $.02. Love it. Every time. My kids and their friends devoured it.I set the bacon aside after browning it on a skillet and sprinkle it in just before serving (I don’t like soggy bacon). I liked it. I would recommend adding some kind of size description for the potatoes. I used two large russets thinking I would halve the recipe. Nope. I used the full four cups of stock and that just barely covered my potatoes. Otherwise, good recipe. I personally prefer rosemary and would use that next time. My parents and I loved this soup. I only did two things differently, the first was that no grease came out of my bacon so I added butter equivalent to what the recipe called for in bacon dripping and then I had to add more cream/liquid to the roux because it was too dry and thick and didn't look anything like the picture. It came out REALLY thick, almost thick enough to stand the spoon upright, but it tasted beautiful and dunking some crusty bread in it made it a filling dinner. I do not puree the soup since I am not a puree soup fan. It taste really good without the puree. Just my opinion! Last time I made it. I used Bacon, Ham and smoked sausage. We always make this for our Super Scary Halloween party. Crowd favorite! nice and easy.   I did use a potatoe masher instead of blender.  Just mashed away until it looked creamy This was yummy! I didn’t have tarragon and it was fine without it. I used an immersion blender to cream half of it and that worked nicely. I added the bacon last to keep it crunchy from another suggestion. Overall I will def make this again! Good flavor. I topped mine with cheese. I had no taragon so I used marjoram
