Rich and Simple French Onion Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/13309/rich-and-simple-french-onion-soup/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Melt butter with olive oil in an 8-quart stock pot over medium heat. Add onions to butter and continually stir until tender and translucent. Do not brown the onions. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add beef broth, sherry, and thyme. Season with salt and pepper. Let simmer for 30 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Meanwhile, preheat the oven's broiler. Ladle soup into oven-safe serving bowls and place one slice of bread on top of each (bread may be broken into pieces if you prefer). Layer each slice of bread with a slice of provolone, 1/2 slice diced Swiss and 1 tablespoon Parmesan cheese. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place bowls on a cookie sheet and broil in the preheated oven until cheese bubbles and browns slightly, 2 to 3 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO
This is very close to a recipe I have been using for the past 30 years or so. The only changes/suggestions that I would make are to add a tablespoon of Worchester Sauce and use all butter instead of the olive oil. Make sure that you saute the onions well. (Also, make sure that you slice the onions into fairly wide slices, about 1/2-3/4" wide.) You don't want them burnt, but you do want them browned. I use Campbell's Double-Rich Beef Consumme and 1/4 cup of Sherry. For the cheese, I put a tablespoon of FRESH shredded Parmesan cheese on the bottom of the bowl, then ladle on the soup, then top with a large homemade crouton, then the swiss cheese, and another tablespoon of the fresh Parmesan. For the croutons, take a large wine-glass and press into a slice of thick bread to get the perfect circle for your soup bowl. Spread with butter and sprinkle with Parmesan cheese. Put in the oven at 250 for about 1/2 hour or until they are dried and crisp. This recipe as it is, is just OK. The entire point of French Onion soup is to caramelize the onions, which creates the rich and sweet flavour, otherwise it's onion broth. I used this recipe as a base to remind myself, since I couldn't find the old one I used to use.First, use butter, not olive oil. Caramelize the onions over a low heat - they should be dark brown and it takes about 40 minutes. I used 6 onions and could have probably added more. Then deglaze the pot with your red wine/sherry, making sure to scrape down the browned bits. Add your broth, and about a Tbsp of Worcestershire sauce, and seasonings. If the onions are properly caramelized you don't need anything but the thyme and s&p to taste. Everyone adding so much more seasoning is because the onions don't give enough depth from not being cooked enough. You have to really toast well the bread you use - either a baguette, dinner rolls... something nice and thick. A cheese with lots of flavour is best - I use gouda when I have it, swiss otherwise. As it is written this recipe is majorly lacking. The choice to not brown the onions confused me, but I went with it. The only thing you get following the recipe this way is a tremendous lack of flavor. There is no depth with this soup. Liked this one. We topped it with Gruyere cheese instead and added garlic to the soup, perfect for a cold winters night. I might add a red wine reduction for a richer taste next time. Excellent!! I cooked the onions longer, about 30-40 min because I like them more caramelized and didn't add sherry because I was out. Absolutely delicious! Excellent!!! Crowd pleaser for sure! I used Cubed French bread sautéed in butter and baked into my own “croutons” and omgosh... This is such an easy recipe. I changed it to six servings so my measurements are different than what is written. I followed the advice of another reviewer and added a tablespoon of worcestershire and I also added a heaping teaspoon of better than bouillon beef flavor and I have to say that this is as good as any I have had at the finest of restaurants. Really loved the soup!! I did read through the comments, and made a few suggested adjustments. Used all butter with no oil; browned the onions, increased sherry to 1/4 C; added 1 tbs Worcestershire sauce; and topped with Swiss and Gruyere. Definitely will make again and again! I slightly browned the onions..(all organic) yellow, added 2 smashed/chopped garlic cloves and then used Vegetarian Broth and it worked great !~ This recipe is great however I made a few adjustments. I caramelized the onions, when you do this, it make the flavor intense. I also used burgundy wine which is so good. I used a little when caramelize the onions, and pUT it in when I added the beef broth. I didn't use thyme..I hate it..don't need it. I love allrecipes because it uses simple ingredients. With cooking you have to use the kiss method...keep it simple stupid!..lol..when I put it in the oven I used Monterey jack cheese. I cut that off the block. This cheese just loves to be melted. This recipe is so good. Just tweak it to suit your palate. Just don't stray too much..tweak. Excellent! I used sweet onions fresh from our garden and a really good beef boullion for the broth. I split french rolls on top of each bowl and generously topped with cheese and then broiled to melt and brown. My husband and I really liked it, but the kids weren't impressed since onion soup (even at its best, which this is) isn't pretty to look at. Perfect as is Too simple to be real. Nope. It’s simple and real. Latest attempt is doing its simmer and neighbors sent thei kid over with a container and a smile. Thanks Lori I definitely should have let the onions brown some, but overall it was delicious. I read all the comments and modified it slightly, including a tablespoon of Worcestershire, an extra tablespoon of sherry and added some herbs d’provenance. It’s quite delicious. I bought Gruyère but shredding it sounded hard tonight so I just stuck with the cheeses recommended by the recipe. I love the simplicity and richness of this soup. However, I add twice the onions, we like it chock full. I also diminish the Thyme by half and add Herb de Provence. It is phenomenal.  Also, I make my stock from “Better than Bouillon” instead of broth/stock. NO NO NO. FIND ANOTHER RECIPEThis soup is tasteless. I have no idea why I switched recipes. I think because it had so many reviews. The only good thing about the soup was the French bread with cheese on it. I use this recipe last week to make French onion and soup for my boyfriend while we were sick. It came out so well then I’m making it again tonight. I could not find Sherry in the store, but I have Goya red cooking wine and caramelize onions until they’re a little bit darker.. not a lover of onions and I’ve always stayed away from French onion soup and I ate two bowls of this, and I can’t wait to have it again tonight. I put garlic herb, crustini on top with sliced provolone and shredded Swiss and gueyre and broil it in the oven. It comes out perfect. I'll usually follow a recipe as written the first time, and then "fix" it going forward.  The only variation I made was instead of using the broiler, I used a 450 degree F oven.  It was delicious and no "fixing" required.  I'll definitely be making it again, and soon! So this is a great base recipe! I followed instructions, except I actually browned and caramelized the onions with 2 cloves of chopped garlic and a pinch of sugar…I didn’t have sherry so I deglazed the pan with about 1/4 cup of red wine and THEN followed from there. It was honestly…a good starting point, but incredibly bland. I ended up adding 1 tbsp of  Worcestershire, soy sauce, Dijon mustard and apple cider vinegar. I also added a tsp of red pepper flakes, onion bullion, and dried rosemary. And when I started the simmering process I added half of a sliced shallot for a little fresh, but mild onion flavor. Instead of olive oil I used about 2 tsps of bacon fat since I was pairing it with bbq bacon grilled cheese sandwiches. It was a lot more flavorful tbh. But this was a great starting point since I’ve never made it before! It was pretty good however needed Worcester sauce and I didn't understand "not browning the onions" that's where all the flavor is but still pretty good
