Best Cream Of Broccoli Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/13313/best-cream-of-broccoli-soup/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a medium stock pot over medium heat. Saute onion and celery until tender. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add broccoli and broth, cover, and simmer for 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour the soup into a blender, filling the pitcher no more than halfway full. Hold down the lid of the blender with a folded kitchen towel, and carefully start the blender, using a few quick pulses to get the soup moving before leaving it on to puree. Puree in batches until smooth and pour into a clean pot. otdash Meredith Food Studio Melt 3 tablespoons butter in a small saucepan over medium to medium-low heat; stir in flour and add milk. Stir until thick and bubbly, and add to soup. Season with pepper and serve. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! llrecipes Magazine
VERY easy to make, comes out GREAT exactly as directed, for the second time I made it I used 1/2 cup heavy cream and 1 1/2 cups milk to get a richer taste. I highly recommend adding parmesan cheese to the top of the bowl when serving.GREAT!!! I made this pureed soup a few weeks ago and I'm going to make it again tomorrow.  It's about as good as it gets when it comes to broccoli soup.  It's got a rich flavor that is most pleasing and satisfying without adding game changing ingredients like cheese.  This soup stands very well on its own.  I'm also thinking it would be a great recipe for cauliflower soup or carrot or, well, you get the idea.  If it's a veggie and it can be pureed then it's probably a good candidate for this soup. This recipe was simple and quick! Even my kids loved it! Great soup! I just sprinkled some grated cheddar on top of each bowl. Very delicious. Love it! I add cheddar cheese. This turned out great.  My husband loved it and he's not a big soup fan. The only thing is I forgot to add the flour but we didn't miss it really. I'll do it next time but it was awesome as is. I made as directed. Only decided to leave a couple bigger broccoli for show.I added a bit of shedded cheese for garnish.This was really delicious and liked but all. I added a pinch of curry powder. And I added a couple of carrots because I didnt have celery, and it added a punch of colour Easy to make & fast. I loved it. Great recipe, and super easy to make if you have an immersion blender! I did take someone in the comments recommendation of sprinkling with Parmesan cheese and salt and pepper. Delish!
