Split Pea Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/13384/split-pea-soup/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place peas in a large stockpot and cover with several inches of cold water; let soak, 8 hours to overnight. Drain, rinse, and return peas to the pot. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add 2 quarts of cold water, ham bone, onion, salt, pepper, and marjoram to the stockpot. Cover, bring to a boil, and simmer for 1 ½ hours, stirring occasionally. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove ham bone; cut off meat, dice, and return meat to soup. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add celery, carrots, and potatoes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook slowly, uncovered, until vegetables are tender, about 30 to 40 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
I used this recipe as a base for my own creation. This was simply the best soup I have ever made. I did boil the ham hock in chicken broth instead of water for 1 hour ahead of time. Then I added the split peas and pepper (I omitted the salt). I added about 2 cups of diced carrots, 2 cups of celery and 2 cups of potatoes. I added 2 garlic cloves, some parsley flakes, thyme, onion powder (since I left the onions out), 2 bay leaves and the taste was amazing! I was going to blend the split peas before I added the other stuff, but they lost form and made the soup a lot thicker. I hope I can replicate this soup, it was off the hook!  I substituted the peas with chickpeas as I don't like the flavor of peas, and added blended spinach to keep that green color. I also replaced the ham bone with liquid smoke flavoring, smoked paprika, and some nutritional yeast flakes because I don't eat pork but wanted to keep some of that meaty flavor in the soup! Fried up a blend of shiitake mushrooms and portabellos to add on top and add some texture! All in all, I really enjoyed this recipe, will definitely make again!! I love pea soup.  This is so good.  I add potato gnocchi the small ones and makes it real hearty. Great recipe. The only addition was a few cloves of fresh chopped garlic added with the carrots, celery and potato. I have been using this some variation of this recipe for nearly 20 years and it is definitely a crowd pleaser!  Depending on my mood, I follow the recipe to a T or play up with the spices and veggies, regardless though, I continue to come back to this one! I used half a pound of split peas, a smoked turkey breast carcass with some meat on it, the carrots, onion and celery, salt pepper and thyme instead of marjoram.You don’t need any other recipe.  This is it. Soooo good, I did use chicken broth in place of the water, but this soup was very good and very easy! I like this recipe. With subbed chicken broth and added seasonings, like other reviewers, it's very flavorful. This  will be my go to for split pea soup. I will omit salt next time.
