Chicago-Style Hot Dog
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/134483/chicago-style-hot-dog/
Bring a pot of water to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low, place hot dog in water, and cook until warmed through, about 5 minutes. Remove hot dog from water and set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place a steamer basket into the pot and steam poppy seed bun until warm, about 2 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place hot dog in steamed bun. Pile on toppings in this order: mustard, relish, onion, tomato, pickle, peppers, and celery salt. The tomato wedges should be nestled between hot dog and top of bun on one side. Place pickle between hot dog and bottom of bun on the other side. Don't even think about ketchup! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
I live in Chicago & eat Chicago dogs all the time. Don't worry about not finding the sport peppers if you are in a different area, I think most people pick them off anyways cause they are spicy.Also, most hot dog stands here use Vienna hot dogs that should be in stores. They have a nice skin with a snap. They make for the best hot dogs. The only way to eat a Hot Dog!!! So good, but don't bother with the poppy seed bun. They don't have them in grocery stores. If you sprinkle poppyseeds onto your bun after the mustard you can kind of get get the poppyseed experience.  No dog is a Chicago style if you don't pick at least 1 poppyseed out of your teeth when you're done eating!And the celery salt is as much of a MUST as adding ketchup is a DON'T. It's okay just needs some ketchup This recipe was delicious! I fried the hotdog. My husband brought the relish, celery salt and sport peppers from Chicago. I used Pepperidge hotdog buns. The filings are spot on but I’ve learned to never boil your hotdogs. The boiling takes away much of the dogs flavor. I’ve steamed them but my favorite is to cast iron skillet frying with olive oil or butter. I have been raised in Chicago and on Chicago Dogs.  But one thing that kicks it up another level is to either use a toaster oven to roast them, or your air fryer.  Also Vienna makes the blue relish and is in most grocery stores.  The relish makes a difference.  Enjoy, and please HOLD THE KETCHUP LOL
