Walnut Pumpkin Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/13465/walnut-pumpkin-pie/
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). In a mixing bowl, combine the pumpkin, condensed milk, egg, 3/4 teaspoon cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg and salt. Pour batter into the pie crust. Bake at 425 degrees F (220 degrees C) for 15 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a small bowl, combine brown sugar, flour, and remaining 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon. Cut in the butter or margarine until the mixture is crumbly. Stir in walnuts. Sprinkle mixture evenly over the pie. Bake pie for 40 minutes or until a knife inserted one inch from the edge comes out clean. Cool and garnish as desired.
Wow! If this was just a rating for the topping i'd give it five stars, but I think I prefer the old pie recipe from the pumpkin label just a little more. But the toppiing is a keeper... I'll never make "naked" pumpkin pie again!! I also did find that I had to cook it 10 minutes past the suggested time, and maybe could have stood 5 minutes more.***Note, we ate this pie in the evening, after it had cooled but before chilled. All I can say was it was WAY better then next day cold. The flavors really came together and the texture was awesome!!! I'm making 2 for thanksgiving!!! I'm only rating the topping as I used a different recipe for the pie.  Very good! I have made this recipe every year for the past 10 years. Everyone is always asking for one more slice! I’ve even had people hide it on Thanksgiving so they don’t have to share lol. True story! I change a little to my taste which is always add more cinnamon because I love cinnamon and I’ve also used half a cup less pumpkin if it was the 9 inch premade shell. I’ve also made this as mini pies and they have also been a hit! Always a big hit whenever I make this, whether for a potluck or a family dinner. Delicious!! I don't put the chopped nuts in the crumb topping.  I use whole walnuts to decorate the top since some members of my family don't like nuts or can't eat them for medical reasons.  I always put my pie on a cookie sheet to bake.  Don't  place the pie on a high shelf in the oven  close to the heating elements or the nuts will burn. I have been making this pie for years.  By far, the best I have ever had and the only pumpkin pie my family will eat! My go to pumpkin pie recipe. I make it every year because my family would miss it if I didn't. I've been using this recipe for at least 15 years. I got it from a Libby's ad in a magazine way back when (I think). It is so delicious! I would never turn down pumpkin pie, my favorite! But the crusty walnut and cinnamon topping make this pie the best one around! Here's a tip for getting this pie to cook perfectly: use foil or pie schields around the edge of the crust to protect from burning. Also keep a careful watch over the pie towards the end of  baking to make sure the topping doesn't get over-browned. Aim for a shade just past golden brown. Excellent recipe!  This will be on my menu every Thanksgiving from now on. My husbands new favorite pumpkin pie! This pie is fantastic. I used Penzey's pumpkin pie spice instead of the spices listed. My family gobbled it up and asked for another one!
