Sweet Potato Casserole with Marshmallows
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/13478/sweet-potato-casserole-ii/
Gather all ingredients, and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). LLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUG Place sweet potatoes in a large saucepan with enough water to cover. Bring to a boil and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat, drain, and mash. LLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUG Place mashed sweet potatoes in a large bowl. Add brown sugar, butter, orange juice, and cinnamon; mix with an electric mixer until blended. LLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUG Spread evenly into a 9x13-inch baking dish. Sprinkle marshmallows over top. LLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUG Bake in the preheated oven until casserole is heated through and marshmallows are puffed and golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes. LLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUG Serve and enjoy! LLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUG
I took a gamble and made this for Thanksgiving without "testing" the recipe first, and am happy I did. This is such yummy sweet potato casserole! I doubt I'll try another recipe again, this one was perfect! I added a little more brown sugar, so it was like a dessert. A little tip is that if you stir in a cup of mini marshmallows before putting this in the baking dish and stir them around a little you have marshmallow surprises throughout the casserole and not just on top. Thanks for this recipe! I added little more than 1/2'd the recipe and used an 8x8.  2 large sweet potatoes, peeled and sliced.  1/3 cup packed brown sugar.  3 tbsp margarine or butter. 2 tablespoons orange juice. sprinkle of ground cinnamon. 3/4 of (10.5 ounce) package miniature marshmallows.  Zest of an orange. 1 tsp vanilla ===> Perfect desert!!!  This was a nifty recipe & was easy enough too!We baked our sweet potatoes on the grill with the ham & had baked sweet potatoes on Thursday - just immediate family & then on Friday we did the family thing & everyone enjoyed it!  The OJ was a nice add too - got compliments - next time I will add some roasted pecans...  Thanks for posting this to share! This dish is always a hit during the holidays! I tweaked it a bit to season as my mother does, but used this as a guide. I used my Ninja and add all the ingredients there to blend, which made it very easy.One thing I added this time was salted caramel marshmallows. They were amazing! When the marshmallows heated, the salted caramel added a wonderful flavor to the dish. It came out great!  It reminded me of how my mother's tasted, and she's been gone for 50 years! This recipe came out extremely watery. I followed all of the directions and it was extremely watery. You can also taste the orange juice. If you want the flavor of marshmallows, orange juice, and sweet potatoes all together, this is the recipe for you. I made this for a school potluck for thanksgiving.  So many kids rated this the best dish on the table.  And even the moms asked me for the recipe.  I didn’t change anything but since “5 sweet potatoes” is kind of hard to gauge without knowing the actual weight, I just tried with 5 medium sweet potatoes & taste it before laying the marshmallows.  It’s was perfect sweetness. YUM! I made this today for thanksgiving lunch. It was superb. I only made 3 sweet potatoes and adjusted the ingredients. I microwaved them instead of boiling them -it reduces the amount of water in them and makes a denser purée. I sprinkled some coarsely ground pecans and some brown sugar on top before adding the marshmallows, as another reviewer suggested. We loved it. I had it as a side dish, and my husband had it as a dessert. Either way it is delicious. The best
