Double-Layer Pumpkin Cheesecake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/13477/double-layer-pumpkin-cheesecake/
Gather the ingredients. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). llRecipes / Julia Hartbec To make the cheesecake layer: Beat cream cheese, sugar, and vanilla in a large bowl with an electric mixer until smooth. Add eggs, one at a time, blending well after each addition. llRecipes / Julia Hartbec Spread 1 cup batter in the graham cracker crust. llRecipes / Julia Hartbec To make the pumpkin layer: Add pumpkin puree, cinnamon, cloves, and nutmeg to the remaining batter; stir gently until well blended. llRecipes / Julia Hartbec Carefully spread on top of plain cheesecake batter in the crust. llRecipes / Julia Hartbec Bake in the preheated oven until the edges are puffed and the surface is firm except for a small spot in the center that jiggled when the pan is gently shaken, 35 to 40 minutes. llRecipes / Julia Hartbec Remove from the oven, set on a wire rack, and cool to room temperature, 1 to 2 hours. llRecipes / Julia Hartbec Refrigerate for at least 3 hours before serving, preferably overnight. llRecipes / Julia Hartbec
Revamping this review ----I've been making this recipe since Thanksgiving of 2002. Since then, its made its way to work potlucks, holiday dinners, and various gatherings I've attended. I always like to find shortcuts in the kitchen and these are the few alterations I've made to this recipe, which in my opinion is a good base. :) First, instead of using the pumpkin puree and all the spices...I simply used a can of pumpkin pie filling...Libby's or the cheap store brand (which i used). I use 3/4 cup. It boosts the pumpkin flavor overall. Make sure your cream cheese is room temperature. It blends better. 3/4 cup of sugar. 1 tsp vanilla. 1/2 tsp cinnamon. You can stop there if you're using the filling. OR..you can continue (even if you're using filling) and add 1 pinch of clove, nutmeg, ginger, and salt. I carefully layered 1 1/2 cup of the cream cheese mixture on the bottom of the crust. Then added the pumpkin mixture on top carefully. Make sure your crust is not cracked or out dated when you get it from the store. Place on a cookie sheet and bake for 50-55 mins or until center of pie is set (center will spring back when touched). Thanks to Stephanie for a wonderful recipe. I have been making  this recipe every Thanksgiving for I don’t know how long…years and years…instead of plain pumpkin pie, by request of hubbie! He’d have me make it at Xmas time too if we didn’t already have enough desserts lol. It’s dead easy and now a family tradition for  sure!I use a nut crust (pecans) to account for a gluten allergy but that only makes it tastier ( if that’s possible lol). Love, love, love this recipe and highly recommend! I have been making this cheesecake for 8 years now and I love it. I sell cheesecakes as a side hustle and this was the cheesecake that started it all. I have at least 5 people that ask me for it for the past 5 years now. I just baked one right now but I made my own crust and did a few changes to the recipe as well. A bit more of the spices called for and 3 xtra ingredients that are not listed that I use when baking all my cheesecakes which make my cheesecakes more creamier, silky and softer. I love this recipe. This cheesecake tastes so good for surprisingly little effort. I made my own graham cracker crust (because I prefer the crunch and can adjust sweetness to my own taste), but it would be even quicker to make if you use store-bought. The double-layer effect definitely looks impressive. Lovely recipe!! We enjoyed immensely! The Best!!! Super easy and tasted great!  Regular 9" Keebler graham cracker crust worked perfectly.  Kids demanded that next time I make 2 pies so everyone could have seconds.  Ended up making for Thanksgiving with the extended family as well as for work potluck and everyone loved it.
