Pumpkin Crunch Cake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/13483/pumpkin-crunch-cake/
Gather the ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease one 9x13-inch baking pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine pumpkin, evaporated milk, sugar, eggs, pumpkin pie spice, and salt in a large bowl; mix well. Spread batter into the prepared pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Sprinkle cake mix over pumpkin batter and pat down gently. Sprinkle chopped pecans evenly over cake mix, then drizzle with melted butter. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 60 to 80 minutes. Top with whipped topping when ready to serve. otdash Meredith Food Studio
WOW !!! I made this cake at Thanksgiving dinner at my in-laws and it was such a success I think this may be my staple contribution each year. I took someone's suggestion on toasting the pecans in butter before adding it to the cake and instead of margarine, I used unsalted butter (since one person said the cake was somewhat salty). Instead of using whipped cream - I made crumb cake crumbs and baked them on during the last 15 minutes of baking (to make crumbs: use 2 1/2 cup flour, 1/2 cup sugar, 2 tsp vanilla, 2 tsp cinnamon 1 1/2 stick unsalted butter melted - I mixed them all together with my hands and put them on top of the pecan/pumpkin/cake mixture). The crumbs, buttery pecans, cake mix & pumpkin mixture was so unbelievable (although filling) everyone raved about it !!!! I think next year though I will cut back on the sugar and butter as it is such a sweet cake and rich cake having one sliver is almost too much to eat and there's no room for other desserts ! Thank you for this superb recipe !!! YUMMMM ! Baked for 70 minutes and came out perfectly It was enjoyed and people wanted the recipe. I made this recipe as is except I used butter (3/4 cup) instead of margarine.  I didn’t think it was too sweet and I like the little occasional salt taste.  Who doesn’t like sweet and salty.  I thought it was a bit wet but my friend who loves everything custard was in heaven.  I used homemade pumpkin puree from pumpkins we grew in the garden then used to decorate through Thanksgiving.  Great way to use that up.  This is a keeper for us!!!! This is just for the filling I am not rating the whole recipe, because I only use the pumpkin filling part of this recipe. I make a spice cake base similar to a gooey butter cake, layer with this filling, and apply a streusel topping using butter, sugar, and quick rolled oats for any nuts used in the topping. Then I top it off with a buttercream:) I made it exactly as the recipe stated. It is rather sweet. I will make again with half the sugar.  Actually I made two, one for a friend. I would like to know if this requires refrigeration? Made exactly the recipe except added more pecans, because we love them.  Baked for 60 minutes. Used Land O Lakes butter, because, well everything is better with butter.  So awesome! Make it , it's better than pumpkin pie As written it is very sweet. I think half the sugar would be fine. I also think I would go with 3/4 cup melted butter were I ever to make it again. Way way to much sugar! Use a quarter cup brown sugar and that's plenty. I made it per the directions first. It was much better the next time around with 1/4 cup brown sugar.
