Rosemary Roasted Turkey
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/13525/rosemary-roasted-turkey/
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). In a small bowl, mix the olive oil, garlic, rosemary, basil, Italian seasoning, black pepper and salt. Set aside. Wash the turkey inside and out; pat dry. Remove any large fat deposits. Loosen the skin from the breast. This is done by slowly working your fingers between the breast and the skin. Work it loose to the end of the drumstick, being careful not to tear the skin. Using your hand, spread a generous amount of the rosemary mixture under the breast skin and down the thigh and leg. Rub the remainder of the rosemary mixture over the outside of the breast. Use toothpicks to seal skin over any exposed breast meat. Place the turkey on a rack in a roasting pan. Add about 1/4 inch of water to the bottom of the pan. Roast in the preheated oven 3 to 4 hours, or until the internal temperature of the bird reaches 180 degrees F (80 degrees C).
This was the best turkey i had ever made. I added fresh italian seasoning that it asked for instead of dried, such as marjoram, thyme, oregano, etc. I did not add sage since it overpowers foods and so does the rosemary so you have to choose one. When i cooked the turkey i cooked it breast side down..that is the best secret to having a moist delicous turkey..also cover with foil, if you are not stuffing the turkey throw some rosemary sprigs inside the cavity with whatever vegetables you may choose as well. The last 45 min. to an hour take the foil off and turn the turkey breast side up so it can brown. Scrumptious!  My whole family ONLY wants it made this way now (3-4 years in a row now). Absolutely the best roast turkey recipe ever.  Perfect. Have made 4 times and it gets great reviews every time. Best turkey I've ever made. Been using this recipe for years. I do spread butter all over the turkey first. It's always soft, moist and delicious!!! Easily the best turkey I have ever had.   Thank you for this.   Turned the remaining juices left over into frozen dog treats, made about 100.   She thanks you too…! I NEVER have left overs....5 or 6 years strong now!! Excellent recipe! I also followed Trivert's suggestion, brining the turkey using their recipe for about 14 hours prior to roasting. I added garlic cloves, basil, rosemary, and peppercorns to the brine, then removed the basil, rosemary, and garlic for incorporating into the rub. I cooked the bird (minus the roasting rack since I didn't have one) in an aluminum pan with about 1/4 cup of white wine + 1/4 cup of water. It was absolutely perfect. I did not cover it with foil, cook it upside down, use toothpicks to close the exposed meat, or baste it. I used some of the drippings for perfect gravy using another Allrecipes recipe (see "Rich Turkey Gravy"; I also added about 1/4 cup white wine - another super easy recipe). In the future, this will be my go-to recipe for roasting a turkey. .. Mixed it well then lifted the skin from the turkey and massaged in mixture in underneath the skin, all around the outside and any left inside with the celery stalks.  Cooked my 9lbs turkey for 3 hours tinted with aluminum foil and then 30 minutes without to crisp up the skin.  Brine: 1 gallon of water, 3 cups of Apple cider vinegar, 2 cups of packed brown sugar, 3/4 cup of kosher salt, 3 tablespoons of peppercorns, 5 bay leaves, 5 cloves of garlic minced, peel of 3 large oranges, large strips, 4 rosemary sprigs leaves striped and 8 thyme sprigs.  between the rub and the brine this was an awesome turkey.  My family LOVED it!!!  To top it off we didn’t cook this in a roasting pan... used a cast iron skillet. ? Deliciousness all around! I made this but used an oil infused with garlic and rosemary and thyme. And I had no vegetables per say around so I used a whole onion and some peppers (green, yellow and orange inside.
