Maple Roast Turkey and Gravy
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/13521/maple-roast-turkey-and-gravy/
Boil apple cider and maple syrup in a heavy saucepan over medium-high heat until reduced to 1/2 cup (about 20 minutes). Remove from heat and mix in 1/2 of the thyme and marjoram and all of the lemon zest. Add the butter, and whisk until melted. Add salt and ground pepper to taste. Cover and refrigerate until cold (syrup can be made up to 2 days ahead). Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Place oven rack in the lowest third of oven. Wash and dry turkey, and place in a large roasting pan. Slide hand under skin of the breast to loosen. Rub 1/2 cup of the maple butter mix under the breast skin. If planning on stuffing turkey, do so now. Rub 1/4 cup of the maple butter mixture over the outside of the turkey. With kitchen string, tie legs of turkey together loosely. Arrange the chopped onion, chopped celery, and chopped carrot around the turkey in the roasting pan. If desired, the neck and giblets may be added to the vegetables. Sprinkle the remaining thyme and marjoram over the vegetables, and pour the chicken stock into the pan. Roast turkey 30 minutes in the preheated oven. Reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and cover turkey loosely with foil. Continue to roast, about 3 to 4 hours unstuffed or 4 to 5 hours stuffed, until the internal temperature of the thigh reaches 180 degrees F (80 degrees C) and stuffing reaches 165 degrees F (75 degrees C). Transfer turkey to a platter, and cover with foil. Reserve pan mixture for gravy. Allow turkey to sit about 25 minutes before removing stuffing and carving. To Make Gravy: Strain pan juices into a measuring cup. Spoon fat from juices. Add enough chicken stock to make 3 cups. Transfer liquid to a heavy saucepan and bring to a boil. In a small bowl, mix reserved maple butter mixture with flour to form a paste, and whisk into the broth. Stir in thyme, bay leaf, and apple brandy. Boil until reduced and slightly thickened. Season with salt and pepper to taste.
I agree with an earlier review... I've made this the past 4 years to rave reviews. It was the first turkey recipe I tried as a newlywed, and now my mother and grandmother request little old me to make the turkey at the holidays. What an honor, and all thanks to this amazing recipe! I, too, serve with the Sausage, Apple & Cranberry stuffing and it's a perfect match. I also serve with smashed yams with orange juice, Cranberry Sauce Extrordinaire (also from this site) and creamy mashed potatoes... it's a perfect meal! We love Roasted Butternut Squash soup with rolls and salad the night before. It's filling, but leaves plenty of room for the Big Day's Menu! Thanks Ibby!! (if you're a new cook I highly recommend trying this, it's simple to follow and always turns out) No Changes.  I am 69 y/o and have taken over all cooking since my wife has dementia. I have made this exact recipe for Thanksgiving for the past 15 years, since before my husband and I were married.  I have never deviated or changed a thing.  It is by far the very best, most flavorful turkey and gravy recipe I have ever had.  It gives the turkey such amazing depth.  Make sure to use FRESH thyme.  It really does make a big difference.  And if you don't mind an ugly turkey, bake it on its breast.  It makes the meat super moist.  This gets rave reviews from anyone who's ever tasted it.  You won't be disappointed. I made this for Thanksgiving. It is probably one of my favorite's so far. My daughter in law who does not really like turkey, but eats a little just because of tradition, LOVED this recipe. In fact she ate leftovers for three days. This is so moist and perfect. I don’t even know how this recipe isn’t one of the top 10 recipes in Allrecipes?! For any of you out there who struggle with turning out a tasty turkey, this is your recipe. Even if you don’t, this is amazing! I love the flavors and how juicy it comes out. I’m not a huge turkey fan. As a matter of fact, I could take or leave it. So I think that’s why I struggle so much when I need to cook one. With this recipe it will come out superb every time. this was my 1st year making my own Turkey and it was amazing! I really should have checked this more as it cooked it got a little dark on the wings. It still turned out good, moist and tasty. Next time I will know to add more liquids and baste just to keep checking on its progress. Our go to recipe, my daughter won’t let me do it any other way. this is my new Turkey for Holidays recipe, it was so good.  This was the first time I did this, so I was over-careful.  No tweaking since it is so good as is!! This is so delicious! The turkey comes out nice and juicy with great flavor. The gravy made at the end is wonderful. It's a bit of a shock as it's kind of sweet, but still amazing.
