Slow Cooker Stuffing
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/13571/slow-cooker-stuffing/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Melt butter in a skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir onion, celery, mushroom, and parsley in butter until slightly softened, 5 to 8 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place bread cubes in a very large mixing bowl. Spoon cooked vegetables over bread cubes. Season with salt, sage, poultry seasoning, thyme, marjoram, and pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour in enough broth to moisten, then mix in eggs. otdash Meredith Food Studio Transfer mixture to a slow cooker. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cover and cook on High for 45 minutes, then reduce heat to Low and cook for 4 to 8 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio
LOVED IT! --yes--I read all 200+ reviews before I made it. The issue with the ammount of broth does depend on the kind of bread you use. Use less for fresh bread and more for store bought hard packaged. I used the packaged and used all the broth. I think taking the time to mix it thourghly to absorb the liquid is essential also. I also got the feeling it was on edge of being over cooked, so I skipped the 45 min high setting and I put the crock pot on Low for 4 hours and it was perfect. Its seems easy enough once you put it in the slow cooker its all the machines hands I have made this at least 3 times. Everyone LOVES it. It tastes delicious!! Easy!! I just wasted about $20 worth of ingredients as it was just a big pot of mush.  I must have used too much broth.  On to the oven one now. Delicious, and first time I've made excellent dressing. (I've had 2 fails in the distant past).  This recipe was easy to follow.  I made a half batch and followed the recipe aside from the addition of 1/2 of a diced Honey Crisp apple (which I would repeat). Because I made just a half batch, it needed just 2 hours on low (after the initial 45 mins on high).  In the final hour, I also folded in some diced up cooked turkey and made it a one-pot meal.   Next time I'll add oysters. Then breakfast sausage. Maybe some cranberries or almonds. Hmmm. (Note: Regarding the 7c. dried bread cubes, I used half Dark Brown Steakhouse-type (dense) bread, and half Sweet Hawaiian-type rolls.  And I would suggest that to others.)A few weeks after the above review, I have an addendum:  Since I had such a success with this delicious recipe a few weeks ago, I decided to try additional ingredients.  The Sage Breakfast Sausage was a hit as was the addition of 1-2 cups of fresh uncooked cranberries to go along with the Honey Crisp apple.  I may change up the proteins from time to time, but I will never make this dressing without the apple and the cranberries as it added great flavor.  Additionally, if you wish for a dressing/stuffing that is a little less moist, once it comes out of the slow cooker put it in a shallow dish and into a hot oven (375 for 15-20 mins) till the top crisps a bit and it dries out somewhat.  Watch that it doesn't burn.  So yummy. Loved this stuffing.  You definitely have to be careful with the amount of broth you use, but once you get it right….DELICIOUS! This was rather tasty!  Be VERY careful adding in the chicken broth.  I had let my bread set out to dry for 3 days prior to making.  I added 3 cups of broth which ended up being way too much.  The stuffing was very soggy.  I'd suggest adding a cup of broth and waiting a little while for it to soak in and just go slowly one cup at a time. Omitted the mushrooms because I hate the disgusting, rubbery, smelly things. Makes A LOT of stuffing, enough for probably 10-12 people.  Used two 12oz bags of Pepperidge Farm Cubed Stuffing and a little over a quart of chicken broth as the stuffing is pretty dry. Was nice that I could set it and forget it and have more room for other Thanksgiving items in the oven. Turned out perfect, definitely a keeper! Thanks for sharing. Good and easy.  I used one package of seasoned bread cubes and one unseasoned.  I also added Jimmy Dean sausage (regular)Next time I would maybe use two sausage.  Great alternative to stuffing the turkey.  Moist and delicious.
