Three Bean Salad
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/13637/three-bean-salad/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix together green beans, wax beans, kidney beans, onion, sugar, vinegar, vegetable oil, salt, pepper, and celery seed. Chill in refrigerator for at least 12 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio Enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
Good recipe, but I made a few changes - cut the sugar to 1/4 cup, added a small diced green bell pepper and used olive oil instead of vegetable oil. I also used fresh green beans that I cut in small pieces and boiled 2-3 minutes, then rinsed in cold water. You can also use chick peas instead of yellow beans. Let marinate overnight and mix a few times during this time. Bon appétit! I used fresh frozen green beans and microwaved them. I also added 1 can northern white beans. I substiuted the celery salt and used 2 ribs fresh celery sliced fairly thin. I loved it and so did my guests. Really love this recipe, but the amount of oil is too much. I've tweaked it to my own tastes and use it as a foundation recipe over and over again. i make it a few times a week, and use it as a snack, or side dish This salad very similar to my mother’s recipe. She does include the chickpeas, no oil, apple cider vinegar provides a stronger flavor, and small jar sliced mushrooms. Drain before serving. I love this recipe , Eating salad every day is a healthy diet. I always recommend people eat a salad daily and I love trying different salads. Recently I tried  Pita Chips with salad and It was awesome in taste. no one will hate this unique salad recipe. It gives you high protein and energy. good recipe but I addded tahini to it, The Three Bean Salad with Tahini was a delightful blend of flavors and textures. The mix of beans, crisp veggies, and creamy Tahini dressing created a satisfying and nutritious dish that I loved. Spot on recipe except I halved the sugar, vinegar and oil dressing. We love this bean salad! I make it exactly as is in the recipe. except I use red onion to enhance the color. Sometimes, I add an extra bean because my sister likes 4-bean salad. Other than that, I get requests for it all the time. It reminds me of the bean salad my mom made when I was a kid from the 1950s on. just like mother made! 50s 60s most likely a betty Crocker recipe.  takes me back.
