Easy French Dip Sandwiches
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/136476/easy-french-dip-sandwiches/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Open hoagie rolls and lay them out on a baking sheet. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat beef consommé and water in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat to make a rich beef broth. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place roast beef in broth and warm for 3 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Arrange meat on hoagie rolls and top each roll with 2 slices of provolone. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake sandwiches in the preheated oven until cheese melts, about 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve sandwiches with small bowls of warm broth for dipping. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
So awesome! I did not know that consomme was so I just bought beef broth. Before I made the recipe I looked it up and realized it is a strong broth so I just added 3 beef bullion cubes to the broth before adding the roast beef. It was so great. Everyone in my family gobbled it up. My husband preferred cheddar and and mustard so it was easy to change it up before putting in the oven. Recipe was awesome as posted I chose to caramelize an onion to which I added 1 can of consumme. I let that simmer down a bit, then briefly added the beef slices to warm up. I then piled the beef and onions onto the prepared rolls and served the consumme on the side for dipping. Yummmmmm-o! Easy and really good.  except I used  a packet of French onion soup according to directions for dipping and added a little bit of the beef broth to the French onion soup This recipe is the perfect starter for anyone unfamiliar with how to make these. Leaves plenty of room for anyone to modify it as they wish. Sometimes less is more. Very good, my family loved it. I added grilled onions on it and it was a huge hit! Loved it!  Made it  exactly to recipe and was a hit!!! Easy for the grandkids to make with me and yummy.  I add McCormick's dry Au Jus mixed with 1 TBsp on corn starch to make the jus more robust and a little thicker. Add horseradish and mustard.
