The World's Best Turkey
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/13669/the-worlds-best-turkey/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Rinse turkey, and pat dry. Gently loosen turkey breast skin, and insert pieces of butter between the skin and breast. Place apples inside the turkey's cavity. Sprinkle with garlic powder, salt, and pepper. Place turkey in a roasting bag, and pour Champagne over the inside and outside of the bird. Close bag, and place turkey in a roasting pan. Bake turkey 3 to 3 1/2 hours in the preheated oven, or until the internal temperature is 180 degrees F (85 degrees C) when measured in the meatiest part of the thigh. Remove turkey from bag, and let stand for at least 20 minutes before carving.
I have made this for thanksgiving two years in a row and everyove raved about it! It comes out unbelievably juicy and simply delicious! I cubed two apples and stuffed the cavity to have enough to serve with the turkey. I also took the turkey out of the roasting bag about 2/3 of cooking time to prevent the skin from sticking to the bag and basted every twenty minutes after that until it was brown and crispy. I highly recommend this recipe!!! The flavor is amazing and it's so easy to prepare!The apples and the champagne really follow through in this recipe, you won't be disappointed! I have used this recipe for 3 years now and wouldn't change it. Fantastic!  First time the white meat turned out tender and juicy.  Note: I did brine it for 24 hrs. I discovered this recipe in 2005 and have been making it every year since.  Easy, delicious and fall off the bone. I've made this turkey recipe every Thanksgiving for the past 10 or so years and it's been absolutely delicious every time! The tenderness and flavor of the turkey gets complimented on by the family and friends almost every time. Golden delicious apples are the best choice in the cavity. Using Cook's extra dry champagne is perfect. Loved it. It got done a lot faster than I expected but it didn’t dry out because of the roasting bag and the champagne. This will be the only way I cook a turkey. GREAT recipe!! I substituted Chardonnay for Champagne and added Thyme, Sage seasoning along with celery and the other ingredients specified. The gravy was EXCEPTIONAL. I didn't have a bag to cook it in so I just used an aluminum foil tent for much of the cook time. I basted and injected a few times throughout the cooking time and it took longer. Will try with a bag next time. Best turkey ever! Best turkey ever !! Excellent.  I made my first turkey last year using this recipe and am excited to make another using the same recipe.
