Homemade Fresh Pumpkin Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/13711/homemade-fresh-pumpkin-pie/
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). To make the pastry crust: Mix flour and salt together in a bowl. Cut in butter with a pastry blender until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Mix in 3 tablespoons water, one at a time, until dough is moist enough to hold together. Add up to 1 more tablespoon water if needed. Shape dough into a ball with lightly floured hands. Roll dough on a lightly floured surface to a thickness of 1/8 inch. Place a 9-inch pie pan upside-down on the dough; use a sharp knife to cut a circle of dough 1 ½ inches larger than the pie pan. Remove and discard dough scraps and set pie pan aside. Gently roll circular piece of dough around the rolling pin; transfer it right-side up over the pie pan. Unroll, easing dough into the bottom of the pan. Use two hands to flute the dough around the top edges. To make the filling: Beat pumpkin, evaporated milk, brown sugar, eggs, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, and salt in a large bowl with an electric mixer until well combined. Pour into the prepared crust. Bake in the preheated oven until a knife inserted into the filling 1 inch from the edge comes out clean, 40 to 60 minutes. Cover the edges with foil if needed to prevent from burning as the filling cooks. Remove from the oven and cool to room temperature before serving.
This has become a favorite around here. Though, I must agree with others in that it isn't enough to sufficiently fill 2 pie crusts. I have successfully added another 1/2 - 3/4 cup of pumpkin (without adjusting any other ingredients) to help it stretch. Very delish, regardless. I made the pumpkin pie with a store purchased crust. It is delicious!! My first pie with pumpkins from scratch. My only change was pumpkin pie spice & the salt.Cooked perfectly!I did get 1 full size pie and one "mini" pie. Great recipe, HOWEVER, I did not and will never boil/cook pumpkin in water which leaches out all of the inherent flavor and nutrition! Simply cut pumpkin in half, place on a sheet pan and BAKE until soft. Scoop out seeds and toss. Scoop out soft flesh and use. This is a great guide recipe but you need an extra 1/2 cup of pumpkin per pie if you are doing a deep dish crust. Loved this recipe! Used more of the spices, 1 tsp of cinnamon and heaping 1/2 tsp of nutmeg and ginger. Used butter for the pastry. Excellent recipe! It was a great guide. I did double the serving size for a little extra mini pie.Changes I made and still came out great:-one extra cup of pumpkin-1/2 the amount of salt-doubled (if not more, 1 table spoon of cinnamon, 3/4 tablespoon of nutmeg, 1/2 ginger)-1 cup brown sugar (instead of 1.5 cups)- included the stringy pumpkin part which gave a great authentic textureReally good all around and a lot of fun this time of the year getting your own pumpkin. I made the crust for the first time, we will see how this turns out. However, I always make the best pumpkin pies Easy to make and delicious! Excellent filling. This has become a family favorite.  I made it for the first time at Thanksgiving and it has been requested several times since then.  We cleaned out the pumpkins and then roasted them at 400 for 45 minutes.  That was the only change that we made and the pie was fabulous.
