Thanksgiving Sweet Potatoes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/13729/thanksgiving-sweet-potatoes/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place sweet potatoes in a 6x10-inch shallow baking dish. Drizzle with orange juice and set aside. Mix together flour, sugar, cinnamon, and salt in a medium bowl until combined. Cut in margarine with 2 knives or a pastry blender until mixture resembles coarse crumbs; sprinkle evenly over sweet potatoes. Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes. Remove casserole from the oven and turn on the broiler. Sprinkle marshmallows evenly over the top of casserole. Cook under the broiler until marshmallows are puffed and golden brown.
This was a really good recipe. I used fresh potatoes instead of canned for a change and it turned out great. I brought it to Thanksgiving last year for my in-laws and my mother-in-law just informed me that I'm bringing it again.Even the people who said they didn't like sweet potatoes tried it and liked it. I loved it! I've made it before as written. This time, I added another 15 oz can of sweet potatoes and used brown sugar instead without changing amounts of anything else. It was perfect amount of sweet with 3 cans instead of 2 and brown sugar. Delightfully decadent! I did use 2 large, fresh sweet potatoes. Baked them at 350 for 50 minutes, placed in a paper bag for 5 minutes, then peeled and cubed. I also used 1/8 c brown and 1/8 c white sugar. Next time I would probably cut the sugar in half. Definitely like dessert! I suggest cooking the potatoes in a crockpot for 45 minutes with the orange juice then adding the marshmallows for 20-30 minutes As the recipe doesn't exactly provide complete or precise instructions, I wasn't  sure if I was supposed to mash the canned sweet potatoes of not, so I mashed some and left the rest in chunks.  Also, not knowing how much, if any, juice from the canned sweet potatoes should be used, I added  the juice from just short of ONE can of the sweet potatoes (for fear the dish might dry out with little extra moisture). I needn't have worried, because it was a soppy, sodden mess and a total embarrassment. This was exactly what I hoped for! Might try brown sugar next time but this will be a thanksgiving staple at my home. Everyone loved it. Was well received at Thanksgiving. My husband loved this recipe.   I will definitely be making it again ?? We all loved this. I liked the addition of the flour-sugar mixture. Used fresh boiled and peeled sweets and I think it cut the sweetness of the dish a bit. Thanks for a great recipe. I did switch the recipe a bit to make it my own and have to say it was a huge success at Thanksgiving!3 lg sweet potatoes 2 cans Bruce’s Yams2 sticks of Land o Lakes butter1/2 cup of orange juice1/2 cup brown sugar3/4 quarter cup Almond flour 2 teaspoon ground cinnamon1/4 teaspoon of nutmeg 1/4 teaspoon of salt2 teaspoon of GreenWise Amber agave1 cinnamon stickI washed the sweet potatoes real good then peeled and cut into chucks. In a large pot add 3 1/2 quarts water with one 1/4 of the brown sugar, stick of cinnamon and 1/2 stick of butter. Add the chunks of sweet potatoes and bring it to a boil until really soft. Drain the water and add the dry ingredients, then the liquids. I did melted the butter and whipped it with a handheld mixer, wow the rest is history!Note: I did not use the water that I boiled the sweet potatoes in nor did I use the syrup from the can. I did follow the rest of the cooking instructions.Bon appetite!
