Pumpkin Roll
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/13731/pumpkin-roll-i/
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease a 10x15-inch jelly roll pan. Make cake: Blend together sugar, pumpkin puree, eggs, and cinnamon in a mixing bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix flour and baking soda together in a separate bowl. Add flour mixture to pumpkin mixture and blend until smooth. Evenly spread in the prepared pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until cake springs back when lightly touched, 15 to 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool for 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Invert cake onto a cotton (not terry cloth) tea towel. Starting with a short edge, roll up cake in the towel jelly-roll style; place seam-side down to cool, about 15 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio While the cake is cooling, make filling: Beat cream cheese, powdered sugar, butter, and vanilla in a mixing bowl until smooth. otdash Meredith Food Studio When cake has completely cooled, unroll and remove towel. Spread filling over cake, all the way to the edges. Roll cake up again without the towel. Wrap with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to serve. otdash Meredith Food Studio To serve, sift powdered sugar over the roll and slice into 10 portions. ari
This is one of the easiest things I have ever made. Only thing I did differently (because I forgot to add shortening to my grocery list) was used wax paper to line the cooking sheet rather than greasing it. Once it's cool enough to be handled, flip it out onto your powdered towel and gently pull the wax paper off then roll. Moist, moist, moist. I've made it several times and prefer wax paper (with all cakes, actually) to greasing the pans. I had issues rolling, but it just practice and patience. I added pumpkin butter and it was amazing. I AM 65 YRS OLD AND NEVER MADE A PUMPKIN ROLL AND USED THIS RECIPE AND IT TURNED OUT AWSOME WILL BE MAKING THEM ALL THE TIME NOW DID ADD A LITTLE NUTMEG AND GINGER I doubled the cinnamon and I used gluten free flour due to diet restrictions. loved it! easy to make, and turned out perfectly!  I put whipped cream on it instead of powdered sugar. The pumpkin rollup is very good, BUT, I had to buy a jelly roll sheet because none of my cookies sheets had sides.  I bought a nice one that was approximate 12X9 and it was too small.  The pumpkin roll was too thick so I didn't get enough rolls.  It's about presentation.  Get a bigger sheet. Really easy instructions, delicious and moist! This was my second roll ever and it did not disappoint; now all those years of anxiety over rolling a cake are gone. This was a huge hit with the family and one that I will put in my little book of favorites. At76 I'd never made a pumpkin roll.  The video instructions along with the regular instructions made it so easy.  I ended up making 6 of them for gifts to take to the neighbors for Thanksgiving.  They were a hit!  Thank you for making this so easy. No need for me to add photos, they looked just like yours, and they disappeared so quickly, no time to take a photo either! I baked the cake part in a 13X18 Jellyroll pan for 20 min.  I also floured the pan before pouring in the batter.  We like extra icing so I used 1.5 times icing recipe.  Everyone loved it.  I also added 1 cup chipped pecans atop the icing for extra flavor.
