Greek Lentil Soup (Fakes)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/137650/greek-lentil-soup-fakes/
Place lentils in a large saucepan; add enough water to cover by 1 inch. Bring water to a boil and cook for 10 minutes; drain. Heat olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add onion, carrot, and garlic; cook and stir until onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes. Pour in lentils, then add 1 quart water, bay leaves, oregano, and rosemary. Bring to a boil. Cover and reduce heat to medium-low; simmer for 10 minutes. Stir in tomato paste; season with salt and pepper. Cover and simmer, stirring occasionally, until lentils have softened, 30 to 40 minutes. Add additional water if soup becomes too thick. Drizzle with olive oil and red wine vinegar to serve.
As the author of this recipe, I'd like to respond to some recent reviews. Indeed, this is a simple soup born out of generations that lived simply and were lucky if they had meat once every six months. The light and simple flavors are meant to be savored, and the vinegar at the end is imperative - it really adds a much needed dimension of flavour to the soup, and I'd never eat the soup without the vinegar! I use red wine vinegar. *** Also, someone commented on the soup not being healthy - with 1 tablespoon of olive oil per serving, and under 15 grams of (healthy) fat, I don't see how it could be considered otherwise! Anyone who knows anything about the revered Mediterranean diet knows that one of its virtues is olive oil as the main source of (healthy) fat. Skip the drizzle of olive oil at the end (which I often do) if you're scared of too much fat. *** Finally, for those who don't like rosemary, feel free to skip it - not everyone in Greece uses rosemary when making Fakes. Thanks and enjoy! I love this recipe so much! I make it at least once every 2 months or so, one of the only recipes I will actually chop veggies for! The only tweak I make is I use chickens broth instead of water for the soup making stage. Delicious and hearty! Delicious and so simple to make! The red wine vinegar really elevates the flavors - don't skip it! Not my favorite. Super easy recipe and so tasty! I've been looking for healthier, meatless dishes and this sure fits the bill! It wasn't quite salty enough so I added an extra cup of beef broth.  I also added a can of garbanzo beans for additional protein. Will definitely be making this more often. 🥳 I make this all the time! Delicious and authentic! Would have been 5 stars but used 2 cups Vegetable Broth and 2 cups of water.  In place of all water.  Taste test result,  delicious…thank you for this recipe. Family loved it…I’ll make a double batch next time I added chicken stock powder and used celery instead of carrot and used orange lentils because apparently they make it more creamy and its very yummy it would be very nice with some Parmesan cheeseBut my stomach didn’t rly agree
