Calico Beans
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/13795/calico-beans/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook ground beef and bacon in a large, deep skillet over medium-high heat until evenly brown. Drain and transfer meat to a 4-quart casserole dish. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add pork and beans, kidney beans, butter beans, lima beans, brown sugar, onion, celery, ketchup, vinegar, and dry mustard to the casserole dish; mix well. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake, covered, in the preheated oven until bubbly and heated through, about 1 hour. otdash Meredith Food Studio
These are fantastic. I don't know anyone who can eat only one helping...very addicting. I prefer to make mine in the crockpot so they don't burn. The texture seems to be better as well this way. I use whatever beans I have on hand, and it’s always delicious! I used barbecue sauce instead of ketchup going to make it again less hamburger Made this for a gathering of camp staff. It was a hit. Had several requests for the recipe. The only change I made was substituting the can of kidney beans with a can of chili beans in sauce. I also put them together the night before and then cooked them in the crockpot on low for three hours. I used swerve brown sugar.  I cut the amount to 1/4 cup of swerve brown sugar.  Couldn't find butter beans so used great northern. One of my lifelong favorites. I like to add garbanzo beans aka chick peas to give it some added dimension. Very filling and great for fiber and overall nutrition.  Reminds me of my childhood when we used to pretend to be out on the range. 😊 Butter beans and Lima beans are basically the same, kind of two colors of the same bean, so I'd just double up on one if I didn't have the other.  Nice recipe.  The only basic difference from mom's is adding ground beef and celery. So good.  I don't put in the celery and I use dehydrated onions instead to get flavor. Sometimes i put in chili powder to give kick and get ride of the sugary taste.  My family likes to eat it as is or to put it over rice. Exactly as written, this recipe is delicious and always a hit wherever I take it.  The sauce is sweet and tangy.   However, if you prefer a less sweet version, I have reduced the sugar by 1/3, and used spicy chili beans or black beans which will please those that prefer more tangy and less sweet.  In a pinch I have used sausage when I didn't have hamburger on hand and that worked as well. A bit more vinegar and bacon. This is a perfect, hearty meal to have at home or potluck. It's what's for dinner tonight. I make this dish for special birthday lunches at work. It's requested often!!! Bakes nicely in foil casserole dish or my 7 qt le creuset!!! We are fancy!
