Baked Brie with Caramelized Pears, Shallots and Thyme
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/138033/baked-brie-with-caramelized-pears-shallots-and-thyme/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Melt butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add shallot; cook and stir for 1 minute to soften. Add thinly sliced pears; cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Pour in white wine, brown sugar, thyme, salt, and pepper; increase heat to medium-high and simmer until the liquid has evaporated, and the pears have lightly caramelized, about 10 minutes. Set aside. Cut a Brie-sized hole in the top of the sourdough bread to within 1/2-inch of the bottom. Cut the removed bread into pieces for serving, set aside. Score the Brie around it's edge, using a paring knife to cut 1/4-inch deep. Cut in half by looping an 18-inch piece of very thin string, or unflavored dental floss around the scored Brie and pulling the ends in opposite directions. Place the bottom half of the Brie, cut-side-up, into the sourdough loaf. Top with 1/2 of the pear mixture and sprinkle with 1/2 of the slivered almonds. Place the remaining brie half on top, spread with remaining pear mixture, and sprinkle with remaining slivered almonds. Place on a baking sheet. Bake in preheated oven for 45 minutes or until soft and gooey. Serve with sliced sourdough bread and crackers.
This is amazing! Served it as main appetizer at dinner party. My friend Michelle made it (can't take the credit) and used toasted walnuts and dates instead of pears & almonds. Also, we added 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract and used brandy instead of white wine. Delicious! Try it! This is the first time I have made this recipe but the third time I’ve had the pleasure of tasting it. I doubled the amount of wine therefore it was on the stove top about 3 minutes longer. I also baked the mixture in a clear casserole dish as my home baked sourdough was still too warm to slice into. I personally know how this dish tastes when melted inside the bread. Next time I’ll make my sourdough bread a day ahead. The party guests are still talking about the “Brie” dish I brought to the party. Really good.  I made without the bread and served with toasted french bread slices.  Looked very elegant and was not sweet at all. Best Brie I've ever made. The flavors came together wonderfully and it went in record time. This was crazy good! I didn't have shallots so I just used some slices of red onion. I used walnuts because that's what I had on hand. I used a loaf of chiabatta and sliced it so it would be pull apart bread, brushed it with olive oil, minced garlic, and herbs. I placed it in a casserole dish and baked covered for about a half hour. The flavor were so complex with the white wine and butter. The whole thing was gone in 10 minutes! Have made this recipe as is several times & it's delicious! This was a lot of work to end up being just ok.  I felt that the brie and filling were overwhelmed by the bread.  The ratio was off; I would suggest using the puff pastry instead.  We couldn't figure out how to eat it, so we just sliced it - extra bread/crackers definitely weren't needed. The pears were too sweet and I think it would have been the case even if less sugar was added.  The suggestion given to me was maybe try it with something else, even canned potatoes, or put the pears with something else.  I"ll pass on this one Love this recipe! Served it at the holidays and it was a huge hit. It is very mild and creamy. It appealed to everyone at the party from kids to adults. I made it slightly sweeter by increasing the brown sugar to 1 tablespoon, and added some dried cranberries to give it a more festive look. I cut the top rind off of the brie to remove some of the musty flavor that can sometimes be present. Finally I reduced the baking time to about 25 minutes. Delicious!!! I m not a big fan of thyme and still really liked it
