Soft Pumpkin Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/13809/soft-pumpkin-cookies/
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Lightly grease a cookie sheet. Cream sugar and butter together until smooth. Stir in pumpkin puree, egg, chopped walnuts, and vanilla. Stir in flour, baking powder, and salt; mix well to combine. Drop tablespoonfuls of dough onto the prepared cookie sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until edges are lightly browned and firm, about 15 minutes. Transfer cookies to a wire rack to cool.
I made these cookies (minus the walnuts) and my roommates all thought they were simply the best. Definitely cakey, not appealing at all - even tried adding pumpkin spice to one batch and cinnamon to the other and didn't care of those either. Glad others enjoyed it, I didn't. Love these cookies made just as the recipe states.  I also make them for my Dad adding 1 tsp. pumpkin pie spice and 1 cup of butterscotch chips.  Those are also very tasty.  Good solid recipe. I omitted the egg since pumpkin is a great egg substitute and gave it the old snickerdoodle treatment in a quarter cup of sugar a tbsp of pie spice and a tbsp of cinnamon. Pretty good, and that's coming from someone who doesn't like pumpkin lol. Very little spreading so sort of make sure it's the size and shape you want. I used a scoop and flattened them out after the sugar roll. THESE WERE THE BEST COOKIES IN THE WORLD I HAVE NEVER HAD A BETTER COOKIE THANK YOU SO MUCH!! I added pumpkin pie spices (2 tsp cinnamon, 1 tsp ginger, 1/2 tsp nutmeg, 1/4 tsp cloves) and used gluten-free flour. I can't imagine pumpkin anything without the pumpkin pie spices. I like that they're not too sweet. Just the right amount of sweetness. I love this recipe though I did half brown sugar, added teaspoon of nutmeg and pumpkin spice to enrich the pumpkin flavour. My go to with left over pumpkin puree. I added a little pumpkin pie spice and cinnamon and crushed pecans I enjoyed the dense, soft cookie but the flavors needed just a bit more kick. Great foundation for a soft pumpkin cookie. I’ve made these before and I’m in love with them they’re so delicious and great
