Watergate Salad
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/13811/watergate-salad/
Gather all ingredients. LLRECIPES /QI A Combine crushed pineapple with juice, instant pudding mix, mini marshmallows, and walnuts in a large bowl. Mix until well combined. LLRECIPES /QI A Fold in whipped topping, then chill for 1 to 2 hours before serving. LLRECIPES /QI A When ready to serve, garnish with crushed pistachios and maraschino cherries. Enjoy! LLRECIPES /QI A Serve and enjoy! llrecipes/Qi A
Added 20 oz crushed pineapple and the whole 8 oz whipped topping container as many sugested. I took this to a baby shower and as soon as i put it on the table i saw someone else had brought one also. I was a little dissapointed about that BUT as i saw more and more people going to my bowl over and over and saying "whatever this is, it's good!" i knew the bowl was going to be empty soon. When we cleaned up at the end of the shower , my bowl was in fact empty and the other lady's was almost full. I felt a little bad about that, but hey, if it's better what can you do? LOVE the nuts in it! This is a wonderful recipe! I made some changes though: I like taking the idea, pistachio all the way. If it's Tasha, putting his fine as it is, but instead of walnuts, I would use fresh shelled pistachios.  I might use we got whipped cream, instead of whipped topping. And I would probably garnish with some of the shell pistachios, but not maraschino cherries. I would use green grapes or melon ball treatment with kiwis, and maybe some fresh leaves of some sort mint or something just Green all theway Evergreen green Love this salad dessert♥️ Need to specify size of pistachio pudding mix.  For 8 servings small box & for 12 servings large box of pudding mix or two small boxes with adjustments to cool whip, pineapple, and nuts accordingly. 👌 Reviewing the dish,  not the recipe.  Mix a box of pistachio pudding into a 20 oz can of crushed pineapple (including juice) Add in 1 cup marshmallows,  1/2 cup chopped nuts. And lastly fold in one 8oz tub whipped topping. Put it in the fridge for a couple of hours.  Top with maraschino cheerios. no changes love this my sister used to make this for me . I am tripping Off the mirashino cherry's on top because my mom has made this since I was a kid, it was her signature salad for our streets block club salad bar fundraiser every year!and was always the first salad gone!I'm fifty two And I.Still make this at least once a month. My dude loves this so much! He saw  the picture and was like that Looks like what you make.but my mom and I appreciate the knowing the history of it now she doesn't remember which magazine she found it in but I was about 5 the first time she made it.she doesn't remember much unfortunately these days but she remembers  making this!! You can always use sugar free jello  pudding and light cool whip to make it a little healthier. My mommaw made this every year for Thanksgiving, Christmas and Easter. We all loved it very much. It brings back fond memories for me from when I was a kid. Great recipe. No, I like it just as it is The ratios are all off on this recipe. There should be one 20 oz can crushed pineapple to 1 pkg of instant pistacio pudding and a full tub of cool whip with 1/2 c ish of nuts and 1 c ish of mini marshmallows. The ratio of liquid/pineapple and juice to coolwhip and pudding mix is crucial. The marshmallows and nuts can be adjusted to taste. This was way too heavy on the pudding mix. The taste was awful and the testure was too dry. I  add 1\2 cup small curd cottage cheese to recipe.
