Philippine Longanisa de Eugenio (Sweet Sausage)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/138109/philippine-longanisa-de-eugenio-sweet-sausage/
Stir sugar, salt, oregano, black pepper, curing salt, and ginger together in a small bowl until combined; set aside. Combine ground pork, ground pork fat, and garlic in a large bowl; sprinkle with sugar mixture. Pour in vinegar; mix thoroughly. Rinse hog casing very well until all salt or brine is gone; tie a knot at one end of the casing, then thread the other end onto a sausage stuffing tube. Stuff the casing with the pork sausage mixture, twisting the filled casing every 2 1/2 to 4 inches to form links. Once all sausage mixture has been used, tie a knot at the end of the last link. Tie ends of each sausage link tightly using fine cotton kitchen twine, then cut between each link to separate. Transfer links to a glass or plastic container. Cover; allow to mature in the refrigerator for 4 days, after which point they may be frozen. To cook longanisa, fill a skillet with 1/2 to 3/4 inches water; add thawed sausage links. Simmer over medium-high heat until water evaporates, about 20 minutes. Uncover, and allow sausages to fry in their own fat until golden brown, about 8 minutes more.
THank you so much for sharing this recipe! i have been looking for such a long time for it that i had given up. My husband is 1/2 filipino and was raised there so every so often he craves these delectable sausages. These are wonderful! Everyone loves them! Awesome recipe, made as instructed first time second time I modified by adding brown sugar rather then white, 3 tbsp of soy sauce and 1 heaping tbsp of worcestershire  sauce, let melt in refrigerator for 12 hrs then froze and used when needed. Just awesome skinless as ground meat for a Sunday breakfast or mid week street tacos. This recipe also works well for all types of venison and goat. THank you so much for sharing this recipe! i have been looking for such a long time for it that i had given up. My husband is 1/2 filipino and was raised there so every so often he craves these delectable sausages. These are wonderful! Everyone loves them!
