Deep-Fried Turkey
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/13824/deep-fried-turkey/
Gather the ingredients. Fill a turkey fryer or large stockpot with enough oil to fry turkey; be sure to leave room for turkey so oil doesn't spill over. Heat oil to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Layer a large platter with food-safe paper bags. otdash Meredith Food Studio Rinse turkey and thoroughly pat dry with paper towels. Rub seasoning inside the cavity and all over the outer surfaces. Make sure the hole at the neck is open at least 2 inches so oil can flow freely into the cavity. otdash Meredith Food Studio Turn off the heat source. Place whole onion into the drain basket followed by turkey, neck-end first. Slowly lower the basket into the fryer until turkey is completely submerged in oil. Turn on the heat source and cook, maintaining oil temperature at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) until no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear, about 45 minutes, or 3 1/2 minutes per pound. otdash Meredith Food Studio Carefully remove the basket from the fryer and drain turkey. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh, near the bone, should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C) but no more than 180 degrees F (80 degrees C). Transfer turkey to the prepared platter to finish draining, 10 to 15 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve warm and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
We will never bake or grill a turkey for thanksgiving again!! Here's a TIP to add lots of flavor: invest in an injector, and mix your favorite seasonings (don't be stingy!) with a cup of melted butter - we like the creole seasonings like chili powder, cayenne, or emeril's essense. You can even add about a 1/2 cup of beer to the mixture. Or you can buy the pre-mixed injectable seasonings. Inject the turkey with all of the butter mixture, sprinkle some of the seasonings on the outside, and put in a NON SCENTED trashbag in the refrigerator overnight - at least 8 hours. Then fry in peanut oil. The meat will not only be tender, but extra flavorful! Your Thanksgiving guests will appreciate the wonderfully unique flavor of the meat! So moist! Easy to make but so dangerous to execute! I've Deep Fried many a turkey over the years and have only messed it up once. Don't Over Cook The Turkey or your eating shoe leather! Keep it safe, no short cuts! Perfect turkey ! I've made this two years in a row, and it has come out great both times.  I like the simplicity of the recipe, and the taste of the creole seasoning.   Just make sure the turkey is defrosted! I used Creole rub and Creole injection I did not use the onion on the second round. Great way to cook Turkey As the submitter of this recipe, we have noticed a few alterations and editing made to the original recipe over the past 12 years or so. Over the past 35 years our family has deep fried our holiday turkeys. Why we use a fresh whole (uncut) peeled *yellow* onion in the drain basket with each bird?  Especially when frying multiple birds as we do, the onion will turn black and somehow the oil lasts longer and does not scorch as quickly. But please, don't cut the onion in half and stuff it inside the cavity as shown in the video. Clogging the cavity will only block the flow of oil that is crucial to cooking the bird evenly and efficiently.  Why we don't use injections?  Some swear by them and there are so many flavors out there to choose from. We actaully tried the injection once (since everyone insisted it was the BOMB) and found it did not help in making a more moist bird. The results were a much saltier flavor and less juicy breast meat. Why poke holes all over the turkey only for all its good juices to run out during the cooking process, and to deal with dangerous grease popping and spattering as those running juices come in contact with hot grease?  We are just way more generous on the creole seasoning dry rub. 1/4 cup is not enough y'all!  Our original recipe was submitted using Tony Chachere's creole seasoning. If you cannot find Tony's in your area you can search many fabulous creole rub recipes found on the web.  Have a safe and Happy Thanksgiving and Holidays everyone! Injected garlic and melted butter, also rubbed red pepper flakes all over inside and out, excellent recipe all in all and the directions were spot on, make sure to use peanut oil for sure, will always deep fry a turkey from now on This was VERY good.  Everyone loved it, though they were a bit skeptical. I have made a Deep fried turkey before and used the Creole butter sauce and injected it into the turkey and the turkey was so moist on the inside and then made a concoction with seasonings on the outside and both inside and out of the meat I put the injector needle in various spots and really filled a lot of it and used two jars of the sauce
