Apple Dumpling Cake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/13831/apple-dumpling-cake/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9x13 inch baking dish. Place sliced apples in baking dish. In a medium bowl, mix together the flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt. Stir in eggs and oil. Pack mixture on top of apples. Sprinkle with cinnamon. Bake in preheated oven for 40 to 45 minutes, or until topping is puffed and golden brown.
Excellant. Doesn't look that attractive but tastes delicious. I would recommend using any mixture of apples, other than granny smith. When I used Granny Smith apples they were too tart for the dumpling cake topping and didn't soften up enough while baking. I also used only 1/2 of the oil called for and substituted applesauce for the other half. Tasted delcious and cut down on the fat. Crispy cake topping and soft apples underneath - what's not to love? I enjoyed the recipe as-is, but next time I may toss the cinnamon in with the apples or even add some sugar crystals on top for added crunch and an extra special appearance. Don't  know what I violated by saying this cake was delicious.  I added 2 tsp of real vanilla extract.I have made this 3x. Use Gaia Apples. Excellent recipe....made with 2 McCoun and Granny apples and a few Kerr mini apples, kicked it up a notch with pint of blackberries.  No veg oil for me, used half butter and half coconut oil subsitute for veg oil.  Also added  tbsp of vanilla.  Then drizzles Linden honey on top before cooking....then served with squirty whip cream on top. Oh, and for the sugar I used 3/4 white and 1/2 c. light brown sugar.  The first time I made it with all butter instead of oil and it was so good rich.  Enjoy. wheekgrass Sue I added crasins because my family likes the taste of cranberries and apples. Also added finely chopped walnuts in topping. This is a great base recipe that you can add to. Delicious!  I used the full cup of oil and maybe a few extra apples, fresh from the tree. I also used a really good whole wheat flour. Thank you. I made this for the second time! It is such an easy and delicious recipe. First time, I followed the recipe as written. The second time, with others suggestions, I added cinnamon sugar with apples then added a little bit of butter on top of apples. Then sprinkled cinnamon sugar on top of cake batter. Yes, I loved this and so did the family. I did go with the applesauce and oil as did previous reviewers. I also sprinkled more than a tsp. Of cinnamon and added a little nutmeg. It was delightful. A definite keeper. LOVE! Great recipe if you're looking to use up a bunch of apples. I salted and cinnamoned my apples before topping with batter. The cake is so MOIST thanks to the 1 cup of oil so don't change that if you like moist cake.  I'll definitely keep this recipe and experiment with different fruits. I’ve made this recipe many times. I rate the base recipe (5) stars because of how easy it is to make this good dessert. Sometimes, I switch up and add vanilla, cinnamon, lemon and dots of butter to the apples as well as add cinnamon to the cake batter. I use 1/2 cup of applesauce and only 1/2 cup of vegetable oil to keep it from being too oily and the applesauce enhances the apple flavor.
