Manicotti
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/13883/manicotti/
Cook manicotti in boiling water until al dente, about 10 to 12 minutes; drain and rinse with cold water. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Mix ricotta, mozzarella, 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese, eggs, parsley, salt, and pepper in a large bowl until well combined. Pour 1/2 cup spaghetti sauce into an 11x17-inch baking dish. Stuff each manicotti shell with 3 tablespoons cheese mixture, and arrange over sauce. Pour remaining sauce over the top of the shells and sprinkle with remaining Parmesan cheese. Bake in the preheated oven until bubbly, about 45 minutes.
Definitely a hit... and I thought the leftovers tasted even better! However, I substituted the mozz and parm with a full bag of the pre-grated Italian Mix Cheese made by Sargento. Then added one additional cup of mozz. Instead of just salt, pepper and parsley, I used garlic salt, parsley, oregano, sweet basil and onion. YUM! The filling made enough for an entire box of manicotti noodles. Hint: Only pre-cook the noodles until they are slighty tender, the sauces and cheeses assist in cooking it the rest of the way. And, to fill, try using a pastry bag! Took me less than 5 minutes to prepare after I precooked the noodles. A keeper. Really good recipe. Thank you. I sautéed some very fine diced onions and 4 cloves of garlic and then let it cool. I added it to the ricotta mixture with some fresh chopped basil. I also boiled an 8oz lobster tail and chopped it up and added to mixture. Lastly, I added some heavy whipping cream to my sauce and then baked everything per the recipe. Outstanding! Easy to make!! I added the entire 8oz bag of mozzarella & chopped spinach to the ricotta, parmesan & parsley mixture. I used Italian sausage flavored red sauce & added ground beef & ground Italian sausage to it. Once combined, sauce was put at the bottom of the foil pan, then laid the stuffed manicotti. Add sauce on top of the manicotti noodles then another 8oz bag of mozzarella & more chopped spinach & parsley. Baked 45 mins then put on broil in the bottom half of the stove to brown the top. Make garlic Texas toast & salad for sides. FAMILY LOVED IT! This turned out fantastic! I used the oven ready shells and did not cook them first. Used a piping bag for the filling and low fat Cottage Cheese instead of Ricotta. I did add garlic powder, onion powder, basil and oregano (1 tsp each) to the cheese mixture. I cooked covered in tin foil for 45 minutes, added shredded cheese to the top and cooked for another 10 ish. Yummy!This was my very first time making stuffed Manicotti and I will be making it again. Thanks! :) So good. I didn't have the manicotti noodles, so I cooked some lasagna noodles, put the cheese filling in the centre and rolled that up. Worked very well. Have frozen this dish with success. Great to have on hand, and great to take to pot lucks, for shut-ins or to new moms needing a break. We like this a lot! Made this tonight for dinner. Very easy & delicious. I sautéed some chopped mushrooms with garlic & added it to the cheese mix. I also put some shredded mozzarella on top. Yum! Everyone loved this! I did make a few minor modifications based on other users' reviews. Used only 1 egg and added just a little garlic, basil, and oregano to the cheese mix for flavor. Will definitely make this again. Delicious! Soaked pasta in pot of very warm water while I made the filling instead of boiling them. Easier to fill and just like most peeps...I used a piping bag to fill. The filling is soon good!great dish These were a HUGE hit with my guys! The filling made enough to fill the entire manicotti box. Was easy to make and easy to fill (I used my Pampered Chef pastry decorator). I did add a 1 tsp of fresh torn basil, and it gave it a wonderful flavor! DEFINITELY a keeper! My grandma always taught me to make manicotti while the noodles are uncooked. Did that with this recipe, and it turned out great. Saves a lot of trouble and much easier to stuff. This is a great vegetarian meal that is so tasty meat eaters won't miss anything. I liked it because it is easy to dress up and add extras as you like them. I have made with both red and alfredo sauce and both are good. I usually make my own rather than jarred though. I have also added thawed and drained spinach, which is really good, although my husband didn't care for that as much. I started adding a little italian spice rather than just parsley to add a little flavor when I use cream sauce.  WONG WRONG WRONG! Do NOT cook your pasta before stuffing it. WHY? Why try to stuff a limp noodle? Stuff them right out of the box. Use a piping bag if you want. Then cover the bottom of dish with sauce and water or wine. Cover with tinfoil and let the moisture cook the pasta. Easier and MORE flavorable. Doubled the filling and used lots of fresh parsley! BOOOOOOTIFUL 😋😋😋🍽️ Easy enough to make, but do not add 2 eggs. Makes it like soup and there is no way that was going to be able to be piped into the shells, even after chilling it for a half hour in hopes it would firm up. I ended up just throwing the shells on top of the sauce, then pouring the ricotta soup over the pasta, then adding a little more sauce and cheeses. So... Lasagna essentially. I'll stick with my recipe with 1 egg. Needless to say, I was pretty mad about this. Followed the recipe.  Have made several times, a family favorite. Came out way better than another recipe I tried before this, I also added spinach to it and delicious. Will definitely recommend and make again!
