Black Bean Hummus
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/13930/black-bean-hummus/
Drain beans and reserve liquid. Place garlic into the bowl of a food processor and pulse until minced. Add black beans, 2 tablespoons bean liquid, lemon juice, tahini, cumin, salt, and cayenne pepper; process until smooth, scraping down the sides as needed. Taste and add additional bean liquid, lemon juice, tahini, cumin, salt, and cayenne pepper as needed. Transfer to a serving bowl and sprinkle with paprika. Arrange Greek olives over top.
I made this hummus with black beans at first and it turned out good. However, when I substituted black beans with garbanzo beans - it turned out even better! You will need to use more liquid with garbanzo beans, though. 14 Oct 24This will be my first time making it, and I'm using a salt free can of Black Beans,  because I want to control the amount of sodium.I purchased"Better Goods", Citrus Sea Salt, with sweet orange and zesty lime.I'm using Chipotle, Smoked Paprika, and Red Pepper flakes, to give it a heated, flavorful vibe.And lastly, I'm going to put some into my Yummy, Siete brand, grain free,  vegan tortillas wrap.I'll be adding Spinach to mine-- along with raw Garlic and sweet Vidalia onions cut into small bite sized pieces. I made it, and I'm just about to make it again! I've even stocked up on canned black beans, a jar of pre-minced garlic, and lemon juice so I can  make it any time I feel like it. Last time and tonight I used/will use fresh garlic and lemon juice from fresh lemons, but I'm sure it would be nearly as good with a couple more pre-fab ingredients if I don't have time to go shopping. (It's all based on a can of beans, remember?) I made it exactly as per the recipe with just one omission: the olives, which I simply skipped without replacement. They're a garnish anyway, I don't like them, and they're not particularly healthy (unless you're using fresh, un-brined olives). (Side note: I knew I was an adult when I threw a housewarming party and bought olives for my guests to eat.) If I ever bring it to a party or make it for my own guests, I'll garnish with either olives or pine nuts -- or both -- and either fresh parsley or cilantro. And probably a drizzle of unfiltered olive oil. Speaking of shopping, I've never bought tahini before. Thank you for turning me on to that! I think it (and this recipe) is going to be a staple around here from now on! If you're concerned about not having a food processor, don't let that stop you! I used a mini-chop, and there are several models available at major retailers for under $20. I'm sure that a blender would work just fine as well, or possibly even a stand mixer, though I'd have some concerns about using an inexpensive hand-held mixer, as it will require some actual chopping ability to turn the beans other ingredients into a slightly chunky mush. I also added one can of chick peas (drained and rinsed), 8 kalamatas (blended in) an additional tsp salt and 1/2 tbsp garlic & 1 tbsp tahini. I only included 2 tsp of black bean juice  delicious!!! Loved everything about this recipe! I added a bit more lemon juice in place of the black bean liquid.  That is just a family thing. My adult son said it was the best he has ever eaten. The first time I made it by the recipe. It was a little thin in consistency. The second time I didn't add any of the reserved canning water from the beans. Once chilled it had the thickness I preferred and great flavor. Just made this and its delicious had to take a sample.  This will be a hit Easter Day.  Thanks for sharing! Really love this recipe! For my variation, I added 1/2 can of black olives into the food processor with other ingredients and used jalapeno slices for the top garnish. I loved this hummus even better than the store bought hummus. Definitely will make this again. I substituted almond butter for the tahini and left off the olives as I don't like olives. I also sprinkled on top everything but the bagel seasoning. Otherwise the rest of the recipe was the same. I followed the instructions, but I added a teaspoon of mole and an ice cube, and it was delicious.
