Black Bean and Corn Salad
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/13933/black-bean-and-corn-salad-ii/
Gather the ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place olive oil, lime juice, garlic, salt, and cayenne pepper in a small jar. Close the lid tightly and shake the jar until the dressing is well combined. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine in a salad bowl beans, corn, avocado, bell pepper, tomatoes, green onions, and cilantro. otdash Meredith Food Studio Shake dressing again, pour over salad, and toss to coat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
Great bean salad! I added much more lime juice, more garlic, a bit more salt and reduced the oil. Plus, I did equal amounts of corn and beans. Also, to avoid "mushiness", I added the tomato and avacado very last, after mixing the dressing in with the other ingredients. I gave it one last toss just before serving to coat the avacado and tomato. Very good! I've been making this for over 20 years and it's never disappointed!  People LOVE it.  I tend to leave out the avocado and cayenne but other than that, I follow the recipe and it's always a huge hit The dressing recipe was horrible !!!  I'm glad I tasted it before putting in my blackbean and corn salad.  It would have ruined it. Followed directions exactly so I'll know what to tweak if I need to. Delicious and quite lovely in appearance. In the future, I will keep the avo and tomatoes separate until right before eating as the tomato gets watery and the avos go brown. Love the dressing. I will add more garlic to suit my obsession but exactly as instructed here, it was great! 5 Stars all the way A very easy, tasty, and healthy salad. My sister especially likes this. It was very good. Instead of the tomatoes I added Rotel mild diced tomatoes and green chilies equal amounts of black beans and corn. It was excellent!! I didn't have an avocado on hand, so omitted that.  Used cherry tomatoes cut in half.  The dressing was one of the best I've ever tasted.  This will now be my 'go to' cold bean dish! I made a smaller salad by using half of each of the ingredients. I ate two servings and describe it as flavorful, zesty and refreshing.  Easy to make and a treat as no cooking required.  It would be interesting to make it with lemons instead of limes.
