Korean Marinated Flank Steak
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/139430/korean-marinated-flank-steak/
Place garlic, ginger, and onion in the bowl of a blender. Add soy sauce, sesame oil, Worcestershire sauce, meat tenderizer, and sugar. Puree until smooth. Pour the marinade into a resealable plastic bag or glass bowl. Score the flank steak and place into the marinade. Marinate overnight in the refrigerator. Preheat a grill for medium-high heat. Grill steak on preheated grill to desired doneness, about 7 minutes per side for medium.
Four stars as written, five stars with my tweaks! I made a 2 lb flank steak and knew that the marinade volume was way too much. I halved everything but the garlic and ginger, in fact I doubled the garlic and ginger! Also put in a healthy squirt of Sriracha for sweet heat. I also omitted the meat tenderizer, I don't think its needed if you fork your steak well. Marinade and steak went into my FoodSaver canister for 2 hours, but there was so much marinade that I couldn't bear to toss it! It went into a saucepan with 1/2 cup of water to tone the harshness of the soy sauce and raw onion, then thickened with arrowroot. Served the sauce with the steak at the table and it was a huge hit. I served it with an Asian style quinoa pilaf which was much more flavorful and healthy than rice. Dinner was amazing! I'll make this again! This is one of my favorite recipe finds on Allrecipes. Makes a really inexpensive cut of beef taste savory and tender. I've made changes to the marinade as my pantry allows and it still comes out fantastic. Great on the grill. Plus, everyone loves when I prepare it. Tasted good good good good Very good and made with brown rice and zucchini. My husband added this to his top five favorite things I've made and trust me that list was sealed tight and carefully chosen but this dish knocked it out of the park! So good! We bought flank steak planning to grill, but then the weather called for rain, so we improvised. I sliced the beef up thin to marinate overnight. We put our electric griddle in the middle of the table, cranked it up to preheat, and cooked at the table Korean Barbecue style. We also threw some homemade kimchi on the griddle and served this with rice wrapped in perilla leaves. Not quite as good as the bulgogi we grew to love in Korea, but awfully close!   I served the leftover steak for lunch the next day over a bed of salad greens and drizzled with a bit of sesame oil and rice vinegar, and that was delicious as well. This is a recipe we will be making again and again! This was really great. Served over caesar salad. Made this last night and my family gave it a 10. Served with broccoli and rice and seemed to taste a lot like Mongolian  Beef to me, which was great! I saved the marinade and boiled it/added a little corn starch to serve over the rice, this made the dish to us. Thanks for the recipe! Stop what you are doing right now and go make this marinade. It is FANTASTIC!! I used it on NY Strip steaks and was only grilling 3 steaks, so I used only what I needed and froze the rest to use it later on chicken... Will definitely make again!! My family really enjoyed this dish. I followed the recommendation of using half soy and half water. I tripled the amount of ginger and garlic and omitted the meat tenderizer. Marinated it for 24 hours + and cooked for 8 minutes per side. Will definitely make again. Very yummy and no leftovers.
