Lentil Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/13978/lentil-soup/
Heat oil in a large soup pot over medium heat. Add onions, carrots, and celery; cook and stir until onion is tender, 3 to 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in garlic, bay leaf, oregano, and basil; cook for 2 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in lentils, and add water and tomatoes. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat and let simmer until lentils are tender, at least 1 hour. otdash Meredith Food Studio When ready to serve, stir in spinach and cook until it wilts. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in vinegar and season with salt and pepper; taste and adjust as needed. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
This is a phenomenal recipe. Having lived in Spain and enjoyed true lentil soup, I thought I'd never again appreciate an american version. Boy was I wrong. My adaptations to this great recipe include: 4 carrots, 2 bay leaves, 4 garlic cloves, 8 cups chicken broth instead of water. In the last 30 minutes I add 4 cups spinach, three potatos, and smoked sausage. I blend half and then add back for a really nice texture. This is served great with parmesean cheese and garlic/ mozerella bread. Excellent.    Used balsamic vinegar and it added a different flavor.  Not a great cook…even I could make this Great taste.  Comfort food.  Easy to take to a family gathering. Sub cilantro for the spinach is a must.  Serve with limes. Wonderful soup! I added extra garlic and spinach. I used a can of  rótel canned tomatoes and it gave it a slight kick. Simple, adjustable, perfectly balanced.  Made a double batch and shared.  All loved it. Amazing with some Thai chili garlic sauce,  & red curry paste, plus some elbow noodles topped with dollop of Greek yogurt!!! Will def make this again!! The recipe was easy to make,  and it tastes good,  but it needed a little more flavor.  I sprinkled some parmesan cheese on top and had some Naan bread on the side.  The meal was very filling.  Also,  it's a very good budget meal. I followed the recipe directions but ended up with very mushy lentils.   Next time I will add the lentils at the halfway point of the simmer.
