Shrimp Tacos
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/139830/shrimp-tacos/
Toss the mango, avocado, tomatoes, cilantro, onion, garlic, salt, and lime juice together in a bowl. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Melt the honey butter in a skillet over medium-high heat. Add the shrimp; cook and stir until pink and opaque, 2 to 3 minutes. To serve, place a few shrimp onto a warm tortilla, top with mango salsa and fold up. Repeat with remaining ingredients.
I'd give 10 stars if I could! I did modify the recipe a bit though, making it more of a savory than sweet dish. I didn't have mango, so just left it out. Replaced the red onion with shallot. And cooked the shrimp in butter, garlic and a little lemon juice, leaving out the honey. Delicious! I've made this many times.  I simplify making the shrimps by just sautéing them with some butter, paprika, oregano and garlic.  For the mango sauce I also add an jalapeno if I have one.  Delicious recipe. I'm doing low carb, my 16 year old isn't. So I had to modify this, but the end result was fantastic. I forgot to buy tomatoes at the store, so I used drained fire roasted diced tomatoes. It worked in a pinch, but I think I definitely would have like fresh better. I also added shaved purple cabbage for some extra texture. I used adobo to season it to taste. I split the salsa/slaw in half and used the mangos in her half and I sprinkled the slightest bit of Swerve Brown sweetener in mine. I also sautéed the shrimp in butter and Swerve Brown sweetener instead of honey butter and seasoned slightly with Adobo.I served hers in street taco corn tortillas. I had mine in a bowl. It was sooooo good! After she ate 2 tacos, she made herself a bowl as well. She made me save the leftover salsa/slaw to eat as a salad tomorrow.I will make this again! Hubby liked it, but there was something not that appealing with shrimp in honey butter. It was good, just too much sweetness with that salsa (that was to die for by the way! And I only dried cilantro!). I'm glad I tried something new, but I'd like to try this again. But  next time, I'd like to  season the shrimp (I used fresh large) as I normally would. This was AMAZING! My new favorite. Super easy to make! I followed some is the suggestions.  I do not like it sweet. so I used garlic, chopped tomatoes with green chilIes. I used some cabbage, and avocado on corn tortillas. it tasted great. next time I will use Cole slaw Love these tacos!!!  I read all the reviews with suggestions on what to do different. I ended up making them exactly as directed and they were delicious!  I used 1/2 cup of cilantro but made sure it wasn’t a “packed “ half cup. That gave me the perfect amount.  The honey butter on the shrimp gave it a delicious sweetness that was truly complimented by the salsa.  Will make again. Cooking the shrimp was like a beautiful butter-poached. I did add a couple of tablespoons of taco seasonings.  The salsa was so fresh and tasty This recipe was awesome!However, Id recommend: 1. Serve avocado slices separately from the salsa. Same flavor profile in the tacos, but the avocado makes the salsa less visually appealing and doesn't save as well with brown avocado mixed through it. 2. Cut each shrimp into thirds (or chunks) and mix with one packet of taco seasoning + 2 tbsp of lime juice. Then cook and serve hot. 3. I added chopped red bell pepper to my "salsa" mix and quick pickled my red onion with a few tablespoons of champagne vinegar. This mellowed out the onion and let other flavors come through better. **For anyone who likes it spicy, red bell peppers could be switched for jalapenos or any other chilli you like! I used larger shrimp and left out the honey sauté but sautéed in garlic. I may sauté in taco seasoning next time like someone suggested. The family loved this.
