Grandma Jeanette's Amazing German Red Cabbage
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/139977/grandma-jeanettes-amazing-german-red-cabbage/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place cabbage, apples, sugar, and butter into a large pot. Pour in vinegar and water, then add salt, pepper, and cloves. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer until the cabbage is tender, 1 1/2 to 2 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio otdash Meredith Food Studio Enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
I recently went to dinner at my extended family's home and they served up this dish. It was absolutely fantastic! Admittedly, I enjoy cabbage. Admittedly, I am not big on cloves. But, put together and is terribly tasty. After I found out the recipe was from here I immediately looked it up and was surprised by what little feedback there was. I must say I probably would have skipped this recipe over with so few people having tried it. How great that I was able to have an opportunity to try this keeper of a recipe. It is on my stove as we speak (really) and I am going to cook it just as directed for the full 2 hours. I know first hand it is worth it. I wouldn't change a thing! I suppose technically I should have given 4 stars as I found it salty but not so salty as to be inedible. I followed the directions and other than using Honeycrisp instead of Granny Smith, did not change anything. My butter was unsalted and I used kosher salt. I would make this again only I would cut back on the salt; maybe 1 1/2 tsps instead. Tried this recipe at our neighborhood Octoberfest.  Our German neighbor gave it the ultimate compliment - said her mom would have loved it.  My comments:  I used a fine shedder - so cabbage was the consistency of slaw.  This cuts the cooking time down a lot.  At 60min check fluid level - you may be done or need to add some water. Adding the bacon made this just like my mom’s! I tweeked it a little using bacon grease sans butter and also added bacon crumbles. Always a treat for me with Rouladen or Sauerbraten 😍😍 Thank you for sharing your wonderful recipe.  I only make this occasionally, when I have a head of red cabbage on hand, but it is really, really good--especially with any kind of pork.  I am making again today as a side with Pork Schnitzel, mashed potatoes (& gravy) and broccoli.  I cannot wait!  We originally had this at a now closed restaurant that we used to frequent long ago.  Don't laugh....but they served it as a side with steak (really??) but it was delicious!!!  Also, I must add that the commenters "pics" are awesome and they gave me really good ideas of what to serve the cabbage with.  Thank you, again, for sharing!  Cheers! This was delicious.  Only changes used brown sugar in place of white sugar and pealed the apple. Way too much salt, ruined the whole recipe. I adden some sliced shallots and a pinch of carraway seeds crushed near the end This is a great base recipe, I did add and omitted a few things upon other reviews.I made this cooking the bacon first (saved the drippings to use in place of butter and salt). I also added purple/red onion, and added a bacon crumble. Used brown sugar instead of white. If you do not like cloves, cinnamon is a great substitute! It brings this dish to a whole other level!!You do have to watch bc it will thicken from simmering, just add a little water and it will be fine!I don’t make this as a side dish, but instead make it for on top mashed potatoes or mashed red potatoes!!!Always perfect for a cold fall/winter night for sure! My family walks in the house and they immediately get excited for dinner!!Winner winner Cabbage dinner!!
