Tomato Gorgonzola Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/140444/tomato-gorgonzola-soup/
Heat oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion, pepper, and garlic; cook and stir 4 to 5 minutes or until vegetables are soft. Add the cheeses, cream, and milk; heat mixture until cheeses melt and the mixture is simmering. Stir in the tomatoes (including their liquid), tomato juice, basil, sugar, and pepper. Continue to simmer mixture for 15 to 20 minutes while stirring constantly. Do not boil.
Very, very good soup and super easy! I used whole milk instead of cream and it turned out great. I also blended the soup to give it a nicer texture.Finally, I used neufchatel cheese to cut back on a few calories. Will be passing this on for sure! Thanks for the great recipe. Fantastic and easy. Added a leek, a dash of white wine, and a dash of Worcestershire. I also had to use feta because it’s what I had, but otherwise it was essentially the same. Absolutely delicious. I will definitely make this again. This was so delicious. Followed the recipe. No need to change a thing!!  Thanks!! I make a lot of soup and this is by far the best soup I've ever had.  It was so easy too.  Even picky kids liked it. Very good, the soup belongs in high end restaurant. Used a hand blender also to  smooth the soup out This soup has such great flavor! I added alittle more Gorgonzola cheese than in the recipe, and added some lemon juice as well. This soup turned out chunkier than expected, but it still tasted amazing. I would recommend this recipe to anyone! Amazing!!  Added some red pepper flakes for a little spice!My new favorite soup! I've been making this soup for years small changes here and there due to ingredients on hand (like spicy V8 instead of tomato juice adds a nice little zip but tried clamato once and wasn't as impressed) but mostly I just try and stick to the recipe because if it ain't broke don't fix it good soup! i didn't have gorgonzola so i subbed for a parm, romano, mozza shredded mix, turned out good. next time i would prob throw it in the blender for a better "tomato soup" consistency, but its a good recipe. everyone liked it! Will be my go-to homemade tomato soup recipe. Followed recipe quite closely, but omitted the sugar and also held back the gorgonzola and used it only as a garnish - because I have little kids eating. So, so delish!  Husband loved it too!
