Gluehwein (German Mulled Wine)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/140472/gluehwein-german-mulled-wine/
Pour wine into a large pot and set over medium heat. Let it warm up until steam rises from the surface, but do not allow it to boil. Add cinnamon sticks, cloves, lemon juice, and sugar; stir to dissolve sugar. Float orange slices on the surface. Warm over medium heat for 5 minutes, being careful not to let it boil. Remove from heat and let stand for 1 hour. Pour through a colander to remove orange slices and whole spices. Serve hot, or refrigerate and reheat gently just before serving.
we quartered this recipe (just used one bottle of wine) and it tasted amazing! my husband swears it's just like he remembers from his childhood in Germany (he says he just got little tastes... :P) Did not have gallon of wine, so used a 750ml bottle of wine and divided the rest of the ingredients by 5 and it turned out well. We were stationed in Germany many years ago.  This recipe brought back fine memories! I made this for the first time for my son and me on Christmas night. I only use recipes as a base and always switch them up to suit my taste. As per my son's request I only added no more than 6 cloves, I added 3-star anise, omitted the sugar, and instead added some apple cider. He loved it but complained that he could taste a burnt taste from the orange peel. I myself did not experience this but perhaps remove the peel. Delicious! I honestly wouldn't change a thing! I have made this recipe half a dozen times over this winter and I absolutely love it. I have found that if You use a few $6-$8 1.5L bottles of Cab and or Malbec that it comes out much better than with a cheap box/jug wine. I add about a cup of Welch's grape juice to sweeten it up for the ladies. This was a huge hit at our christmas party! People were raving about. Keep your eye on the heat though and don’t let it boil. First discovered Gluhwine in Germany some 30 years ago,this is an excellent recipe and well received by all. This was pretty good. I added some orange liquor and that was good, but I accidentally made it too strong (my fault, not the recipe's or comments'. Instead of adding sugar or honey, I add equal parts apple cider and wine.  It sweetens without making it too sweet.
