Onigiri (Japanese Rice Balls)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/140422/onigiri-japanese-rice-balls/
Wash rice in a mesh strainer until water runs clear. Combine washed rice and 4 1/2 cups water in a saucepan. Bring to a boil over high heat, stirring occasionally. Reduce heat to low; cover, and simmer rice until water is absorbed, 15 to 20 minutes. Let rice rest for 15 minutes to continue to steam and become tender. Allow cooked rice to cool. Combine remaining 1 cup water with salt in a small bowl; use to dampen hands before handling rice. Divide cooked rice into 8 equal portions. Use one portion of rice for each onigiri. otdash Meredith Food Studio Divide one portion of rice in two. Create a dimple in rice and fill with a heaping teaspoon of bonito flakes. Cover with remaining portion of rice and press lightly to enclose filling inside rice ball. Gently press rice to shape into a triangle; wrap with a strip of nori and sprinkle with sesame seeds. Repeat with remaining portions of rice. otdash Meredith Food Studio
very simple, i love making these either to snack on or for a dinner. my only change is i make a solution of white vinegar, about a cup, and 2 table spoons of sugar, and mix this with the rice before i begin. It adds just the right amount of flavor to the rice, so its not so over whelming. after adding the vinegar, just wet you hands and shape like always :D delicious worth an hour. my kids loved them sooooo much It was super easy to make and tasted amazing Made them and inserted diced chicken with seasonings. Simple but AMAZING! Loved it. I really liked this recipe, but I had to make smaller portions because the rice kept falling apart and I have small hands. Later I just started pressing the rice harder and it went together, but I still wasn’t able to make triangles so I just made balls. Overall this is a really great recipe that I would recommend! so much fun to make Simple base recipe works to give way to more variations. I would recommend adding a little rice vinegar to water, then sprinkle salt on your hands before handling the rice. This way the rice will not stick to your hands and the onigiri can be formed in its proper trangle shape. Have been reading Musashi to my son and he eats rice balls throughout the book. I am familiar with a lot of Japanese dishes, but have never tried onigiri before. I decided to give them a try and the kids and I loved them! I filled them with tuna salad and chicken salad, wrapped a small piece of nori at the bottom and sprinkled the tops with vegetable furikake. They were delicious and my daughter who is a picky eater at 2 at lunch and then wanted them for dinner too! Definitely a hit and will make again!! The rice stayed together, but it was kind of mushy in an unpleasant way. I'll make it again, but I think I'll let it sit for less time than it says to.
