Sunomono (Japanese Cucumber Salad)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/14050/cucumber-sunomono/
Cut cucumbers in half lengthwise and scoop out any large seeds. Slice crosswise into very thin slices. Place vinegar, sugar, ginger, and salt in a small bowl; mix well to combine. Add cucumber slices and stir to coat. rance 
Great recipe. Thank you. Some people are so rude! It's called this not that. I added this this and that etc... If people are going to add so much to a recipe, then you are not following the recipe, so how can you rate it one way or another? If you insist on changing so much on a recipe, write your own and don't say you followed somone's recipe (but made your own additions) and then leave them 4 stars after you completely changed the recipe. I agree with most of the comments, it's a very simple and tasty recipe.  Some comment on just slicing it thin, and leaving the seeds, this will add a little bitterness.  So if you don't want to cut it and scoop out the seeds, use an english cucumber, but if using the garden cucumber, remove the seeds.  Only other thing is for personal preference is to reduce the sugar from 4-3 teaspoons.  Everyones tastes are different so enjoy, say thanks to the creator for taking the time to create the site and posting for everyone to have a better idea on how to make things.  And as with every recipe,  its a starting point for you to be creative and enjoy it your own way. I like to add a little seafood, like tiny canned shrimp or fake krab Yum!   I only added 1/2 the ginger but it was plenty.  If you want to have crunchier cucumbers, slice them and salt them heavily.  Put them in the fridge overnight then rinse them in a collindar before proceeding with the recipe.  It works wonders! Good flavor, and really nothing to add here. Very easy to make. Very refreshing. I cut the recipe in half.  It was still very good. I made this recipe (as I have in the past) with three English cucumbers sliced super-thin on a mandoline and added shallot and omitted the ginger. I added the recommended amount of sugar but it was too sweet so I added some Togarashi to increase the heat and I also added some sesame oil (just slight amount) and we really enjoyed it. So tasty. Make sure to drain the liquid coming off the cucumbers before adding any other ingredients (including salt). We drained the liquid three times -- right after the initial slicing, again after adding the salt, and after an hour before we added all the other ingredients. Bonus: if you have other veg around (say, baby carrots or small mushrooms) pour the spare cucumber pickling liquid into a jar/container and then put the carrots or mushrooms or whatever into the jar and let them pickle over a few days. Season the resultant veggies and enjoy :-) I made this lowcarb by using Splenda instead of the sugar and it was really good. Simple, tasty, quick.  I threw in some diced red onion and only had ground ginger.  I can imagine it would be even better with fresh! As simple as it gets and tasty! You can adjust the sugar and salt to your taste.
