Best Homemade Caesar Salad Dressing
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/14172/caesar-salad-supreme/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mince 3 cloves of garlic and place in a small bowl. Add mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese, anchovies, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, and mustard; mix well to combine. Season to taste with salt and black pepper. Refrigerate until ready to use. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Slice remaining 3 cloves of garlic into quarters and add to hot oil. Cook and stir until brown, then remove garlic from pan. Cook bread cubes in hot flavored oil, turning frequently, until lightly browned; transfer onto a plate and season with salt and pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place lettuce in a large bowl. Add dressing, remaining Parmesan cheese, and seasoned bread cubes; toss well to coat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve immediately and enjoy! llrecipes Magazin
I scrolled down about 40 reviews looking for someone, anyone, who had actually followed this recipe, but couldn't find one. I, however, followed it to a T - right down to the real anchovies and not anchovy paste. IT WAS EXCELLENT. I've been using an "authentic" caeser recipe for awhile, and this is much, much better (and easier to make). This is going on my list of keepers and will replace any caeser dressing I make in the future. I added a little vinegar, lemon zest, and a tiny bit of sugar. Delicious. We love garlic so I added 1 extra clove and doubled the lemon juice. So much better than store bought! Isn't home made always better than store bought? Definitely our new favorite and so easy to make. Thanks. Made only the dressing (not the croutons), but I followed the recipe almost exactly and it's absolutely amazing. The only difference I made is that I zested the garlic and used two forks to shred up the anchovies instead of mincing both. While I used the same ingredients, I found that zesting garlic and making the anchovies into a paste gives you an even spread of flavors and that's after making the recipe previously where I followed the directions exactly. A friend came over and tried some, and she ended up making this for her family as well. It hits all the right spots with the perfect amount of flavoring. By far, the best caesar dressing I've ever had. Have made this twice now. First time, it was too anchovy tasting for me (but I'm picky with seafood). Second time I cut the anchovies down to 3 fillets and it was perfect. Used an immersion blender. Anchovies were canned in olive oil which was all my grocery store had. Overall - will never go back to jarred dressing again. Made as is, delicious and easy! So easy & so good. I just use about 2 tsp of anchovy paste! Always add a little more lemon juice too! Very garlicky and strong with anchovies.  Exactly what I wanted.I’ve made it twice now.  Sooooo good.  Everyone loves it so far.   I’d surest not adding additional salt.  It’s salty enough.  (I did use anchovy paste.).I also added tomatoes (also not salted).This really makes a delicious salad! I have made this recipe countless times using the anchovies and not paste, and I always come back to this mainly for the dressing, but the croutons are awesome too!  I put everything in my ninja- sorry - but I need those anchovies bleeeended into the dressing and everyone who's tried this, loves this.  Using it now to put in wraps with some grilled chicken.  Can't wait!
