Pan-Seared Duck Breast with Blueberry Sauce
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/141831/pan-seared-duck-breast-with-blueberry-sauce/
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Combine rosemary, salt, thyme, and black pepper in a small bowl; reserve for seasoning potatoes and duck. Toss cubed potatoes in a 9x13-inch baking dish with olive oil; sprinkle with 2 tablespoons spice blend until evenly coated. Spread into a single layer across the bottom of the baking dish; bake in the preheated oven, 35 to 40 minutes. While potatoes roasting, combine blueberries, water, apple juice, sugar, and jalapeño in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, then reduce heat to low; simmer until reduced to the consistency of syrup, about 10 minutes. Cook pancetta in a large skillet over medium heat, turning occasionally, until crispy. Drain on paper towels; reserve drippings in the skillet. Add shallots and mushrooms to the skillet; cook and stir until soft and just beginning to brown. Transfer shallots and mushrooms to a bowl; set aside. Increase heat to medium-high; add bok choy to the skillet. Cook and stir until leaves wilted and white stalks tender, about 5 minutes. Return shallots, mushrooms, and pancetta to the skillet, set aside off heat. Rinse duck breasts; pat dry. Rub remaining spice blend onto both sides of breasts. Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat, when hot, add vegetable oil and butter. Immediately place breasts in the skillet, skin and fat sides down. Do not move breasts until the skin is deep brown, about 5 minutes. Flip breasts; cook until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part reads 160 degrees F (71 degrees C) for well done. Transfer breasts to a plate; cover with foil and rest 5 minutes. While breasts resting, heat bok choy mixture over medium heat until warmed through. Slice breasts diagonally into 1/2-inch strips. Divide bok choy mixture among four plates; drizzle each with 1/2 tablespoon aged balsamic vinegar; arrange sliced breasts on bok choy, then ladle on blueberry sauce. Serve potatoes on the side.
I loved this dish, with a few modifications. I made it for two, but still had a lot of the sauce left over, so I would half that part, (except for the Jalapeño...needed more)I used bacon instead of pancetta. Added a little smokiness and the fat needed to cook the shallots and mushrooms. Also so oil or butter in the pan for the duck. The duck fat is plenty! I used my cast iron skillet for a nice crust, and reduced the cooking time for the duck to be med-rare. (140-45 degrees).  Added some green onions as garnish This was Delicious! First time I made this and followed the directions pretty closely. Would definitely make again.. I'm grateful this recipe turned out Excellent!! Absolutely 💯 delicious.  I'm glad because I thought this recipe was lots of work. But I will make this again.I made no changes in the recipe. The duck was fabulous! The potatoes sublime! However, I would not use the bok choy with this dish. That is why I gave this recipe 4 instead of 5 stars. Maybe some green beans or Brussels sprouts. I also made a couple of changes. I added 1 clove smashed garlic and a quarter teaspoon cayenne. That gave it a nice kick my family likes. But other than that, the recipe is just yummy! In fact, we planned on leftovers. That didn’t work out! Made it according to the recipe and really enjoyed it. Sauce was so good! This was really good! It gave an opportunity for my husband and I cook together. I did prep and he took care of the duck. Definitely will make again. This is very good, I did alter the blueberry sauce by cutting the amount  in half, cutting out the water, and only adding 3 TBS of sugar. Loved it!  Thank you It is a bit charlenging, however very good love the blueberries sauce, the shallots,mushrooms and boychoy wow so good
