Banana Zucchini Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/141933/banana-zucchini-bread/
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease and flour two 8x4-inch bread loaf pans. Beat eggs in a large bowl with an electric mixer until light yellow and frothy. Add white sugar, zucchini, oil, bananas, brown sugar, and vanilla; beat until well combined. Stir in flour, cinnamon, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Fold in cranberries and nuts. Divide batter evenly between the prepared loaf pans. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 45 to 50 minutes. Allow to cool in the loaf pans on a wire rack before removing and serving.
After reading other reviews, I made a couple of changes. I used 2 cups of grated zucchini, and I cut the white sugar back to 1/2 cup. I also used 1 cup applesauce instead of oil. I also baked it for about 40 minutes, but I have a convection oven. This bread was moist, and it was a great way to use up both bananas and zucchini. Overall easy to follow and they they are yummy. I got a Kitchen Aid stand up mixer a little bit ago. I'm having trouble with keeping all the ingredients inside the bowl. Was very glad I had it for this recipe though. Otherwise mixing would have been difficult. I like this bread and it's a good way to use zucchini and bananas. I added two cups of zucchini and four small bananas. I was afraid this might explode in my oven with so much baking powder and soda because I'm at a high elevation, but it behaved itself. It did take an hour and 15 minutes for a knife to come out clean at 325 degrees. I can see why some people think it's too dry; the bread is very chewy and denser than other banana and zucchini breads I've had. Maybe too much flour? Not sure, but it's a good solid zucchini bread.  I sprinkled turbinado sugar on top, just for fun. WE loved how moist the bread is, and the flavors and textures... Was a little skeptical about the cranberries but wow, I'll be doing that again! Little twist we used a mixture of AP flour and Whole Wheat, excellent. The crumb on this bread is exceptional. Firm and flavorful! Delicious! Instead of all purpose flour exchanged exactly with gluten free 1:1 baking flour, instead of 1 cup white sugar exchanged for 1 teaspoon liquid Stevia. I did not add cranberries or walnuts. Maybe next time. Replaced with pecans and added Lilys Chocolate chips about 1/2 cup each. Made 13 mini loaves baked for 30 minutes at 325 degrees. I froze them after they completely cooled for a quick breakfast any time. Just thaw one at a time as needed! Made a double recipe for 2 Bundt pans. Used butter instead of oil - 1 1/4 cups because that is what I had on hand. . No cranberry or nuts. Sprinkled a little powder sugar. 325 degrees for an hour. Perfect!
