Sweet Restaurant Slaw
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/142027/sweet-restaurant-slaw/
Gather the ingredients. Combine coleslaw mix and onion in a large bowl. Whisk salad dressing, sugar, vegetable oil, vinegar, poppy seeds, and salt together in a medium bowl until blended. Pour dressing over coleslaw mixture and toss to coat. Chill for at least 2 hours before serving.
More like 4 and a half stars. A tad on the sweet side (should have listened to reviews and cut back on sugar some), but still so so yummy. Seemed dry when first put together, but it really creams up quickly in the frig - 2 hours is plenty of time for it to set up. I added two diced radishes, I think next time I will add four, to help the sweet factor and to add some more crunch. Aftter reading reviews, I added more onion, ground mustard and a tad more salt. Yummers! Served with ribs and baked beans. My boyfriend's take: "better than Southern cooking and I never had to leave my porch in Arizona." And he is picky about his slaw. POSTSCRIPT: I cut back on the sugar the next time, and it just didn't taste as good. I tried adding the sugar back in after I had already added the slaw -- didn't really work.  I have been making this same Cole Slaw for many many years and everyone loves it. Owned a Restaurant and that’s the way we made it and people said it was the best they had ever had I've been making a very similar slaw for years. ( twice this season) A box scraper for more carrots using crushed celery seeds. I think next time soon, I'll be adding some radish. Delish!!! Just like mom used to make!  Been searching for years.  I knew she used miracle whip. I've made this sooo many times.  Killer every single time! I've also used lemon juice, ranch/mayo, carrots and it's even better. This is such a yummy slaw.  I do make a few modifications.  Use purple onion, Mayo instead of miracle whip, 1/2 the sugar and add a little black pepper. We don’t do poppy seed, we prefer celery seed. And for some family members no seeds. I use this recipe as a reference for ratios and a base.I use less mayo, I do not like it so creamy. It has way way too much sugar and I often use less than 1/4of what the recipe calls for some times less. I like a tad more vinegar and lots and lots of poppy seed. This was great and so quick! I went with a bit less sugar and it was fine but I think next time will go with the full amount. I wish tho I had radishes as one viewer suggested because I believe that would have enhanced the flavor! Next time!
