Detroit Hot Honey Wings
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/142120/detroit-hot-honey-wings/
Preheat an outdoor grill to medium heat and lightly oil the grate. Pat wings dry with paper towels. Season wings with cayenne, salt, and pepper. Cook chicken wings on the preheated grill, brushing wings liberally with 1/2 cup honey while cooking, until cooked through and juices run clear, 20 to 30 minutes. Mix butter, hot sauce, and remaining 1/2 cup honey together in a large bowl. Remove wings from the grill and immediately toss them in hot honey-butter sauce to coat. Serve wings or return to the grill for 1 minute per side to set sauce.
My husband and i could not get enough of these wings! They were so good! Instead of pouring the sauce over the wings, i basted them liberally with the sauce through out the grilling process. They were fantastic. I set aside extra sauce for dipping.The only thing i will do differently next time will be to omit the salt. It was a wee bit on the salty side. I think the hot sauce has plenty of salt as is. I think i will also omit the butter. With all the sweet honey, i dont think it will be missed and i will be eliminating all that unnecessary fat! I will definitely be making these again very soon!**Update: Ok, dont eliminate the butter..its waaay to spicy! Amazing. no yustkept the same,... cook drumsticks a bit longer....! my boys loved it so much I made it again on Friday night and Sunday too I basted these in the oven, honey burned almost right away, ruined them We wanted wings similar to Natives honey hot..we stumbled upon this recipe and it was amazing!! We used Red devil hot sauce, store brand honey (it was the only one on sale of course), and this recipe was a hit with the whole family!! Kids & all...we recommend basting the honey on the wings after you’ve cooked the wings as the recipe suggests (don’t skip this step), I followed the recipe exactly & these wings will now be made at home instead of paying Native New Yoker!! Thanks for sharing this recipe - make these you will not be disappointed The wife loved them and so did I I love hot food, so I was excited to try this, although the comment about adding more than 1 tsp cayenne pepper -if you can handle it- made me dubious. It takes a lot to impress me, and as far as heat, I tripled the cayenne pepper and this wasn't hot at all.That said, it was fan-freaking-tastic. I love the sauce. Maybe next time I'll use Dave's Insanity Sauce to see if I can get any heat out of it. Very good recipe. I used 1/2 the honey and that was enough 4 lbs of wings. Will definitely make again! These are fantastic! I have followed the recipe verbatim and altered it, making different variations. I love them. For those of you that have given reviews and said that it was not hot (spicy)  enough... all you have to do is get a hotter hot sauce! LOVE IT and will continue making it.... even exactly how written!
