Grilled Fish Tacos with Chipotle-Lime Dressing
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/142614/grilled-fish-tacos-with-chipotle-lime-dressing/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Prepare marinated fish: Whisk olive oil, vinegar, lime juice, lime zest, garlic, honey, seafood seasoning, hot pepper sauce, cumin, chili powder, and black pepper together in a bowl until blended. Place tilapia in a shallow dish and pour the marinade over the fish; cover the dish with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 6 to 8 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio Make the dressing: Combine sour cream and adobo sauce in a bowl. Stir in lime juice, lime zest, seafood seasoning, cumin, and chili powder. Add salt and pepper to taste. Cover and refrigerate until needed. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat and lightly oil the grate. Set the grate 4 inches from the heat. Remove fish from the marinade, drain off any excess and discard the marinade. Grill fish pieces until easily flaked with a fork, turning once, about 9 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Assemble tacos: Place fish pieces in the center of tortillas with desired amounts of tomatoes, cabbage, and cilantro; drizzle with dressing. otdash Meredith Food Studio To serve, roll up tortillas around fillings, and garnish with lime wedges. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Omg! This marinade is SOOO good!!! The only change I made was due to what I had on hand; no hot pepper sauce, so I subbed crushed red pepper flakes and a little of Emeril's Southwest Seasoning. (The chipotle sour cream was a little tart for me- I think next time I would cut down on the lime juice, or maybe leave it out altogether, but that is just personal preference.)Thanks mabcat!! This definitely stays in rotation! :)p.s. After looking at a few recipes for fish tacos, I made just the corn salsa from 'Fiery Fish Tacos with Crunchy Corn Salsa', also on this site. It was FANTASTIC with this fish! You could even make the tilapia fillets with the corn salsa on the side (not as tacos) and that would be a wonderful entree. Yummy. Double the fish. I recently tried the Grilled Fish Tacos recipe, and it was an absolute hit! The seasoning on the fish was spot-on, creating a perfect balance of smokiness and spice. Love this recipe, have used it many times! It is great with tilapia.  I cut the dressing down to half which is plenty. This is the best fish tacos I've ever had.  It is a wonderful recipe and worth the time it takes to make them. I made this tonight and it was amazing! I wasn’t able to let the fish marinate for longer than 30 minutes but I poured the marinade over the fish while it was on the grill. The sauce was incredible! I used yogurt instead of sour cream to make it a tad bit healthier.Great recipe! My husband & I really liked the grilled fish with the marinade. We did not have adobo sauce orsea food seasoning so I used Cajun seasoning (ingredients had similar to seafood seasoning). I used some Cayenne pepper & red pepper flakes for a little heat.  It seemed there were so many conflicting reviews about the dressing I decided to leave it out this time although it would have been nice to have. We tried with both corn tortillas and flour tortillas and even though I am part Mexican and used to Mexican fare I preferred the fish with the flour tortillas. I skipped the vinegar and the honey and used Barramundi fillets. Served with guacamole.
