Strawberry Spinach Salad
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/14276/strawberry-spinach-salad-i/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Make dressing: Whisk together sugar, oil, vinegar, sesame seeds, poppy seeds, onion, paprika, and Worcestershire in a medium bowl. Cover and chill for 1 hour. otdash Meredith Food Studio Make salad: Combine strawberries, spinach, and almonds in a large bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour dressing over salad; toss to coat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Refrigerate for 10 to 15 minutes before serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio
This is one of our family favorites and one we make often. One thing I have learned is to put all the dressing ingredients in the blender and puree' instead of trying to finely chop the onion and wisk everything together. MUCH easier! In the winter time when strawberries are out of season (or just for a change), I use a can or two of mandarin oranges instead of strawberries. Crumbled feta cheese is also good on this salad if you like feta and crushed walnuts are a good (and cheaper) substitute for the almonds if you don't have almonds on hand. Thanks for the recipe! loved it.   I use Red Wine vinegar for a little zest.  I use onion powder instead.  I leave out the sesame seeds. I add can of drained Mandarin oranges for the citrus flair. My entire family loves it. I should have read the reviews first.  Way too much sugar!!! I really like this. I'm fact, my wife just asked me to make more. Like one reviewer, I used 3 T of sugar (and even then I think that's too much), 1/3 cup of olive oil and basalmic vinegar with a little bit of feta. Delicious! Love this salad. I cut down on the sugar a bit and it was still great. I used 3 tbs of sugar, 1/3 cup olive oil and balsamic vinegar.  No leftovers!  IMO, this produces more than 4 servings unless this is a large part of your meal. Delicious basic salad that can be tweaked in multiple ways!  During the summer, I love to serve this with grilled chicken  and red onion.  My family also likes to add a little bit of goat cheese as well. Lightly toast the almonds instead of blanching them. Use dried minced onions.Make the dressing in a mason jar and shake as neededYou can also reduce the sugar without affecting taste
