Super-Delicious Zuppa Toscana
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/143069/super-delicious-zuppa-toscana/
Cook Italian sausage and red pepper flakes in a Dutch oven over medium-high heat until crumbly, browned, and no longer pink, 10 to 15 minutes. Drain and set aside. Cook bacon in the same Dutch oven over medium heat until crisp, about 10 minutes. Drain, leaving a few tablespoons of drippings with the bacon in the bottom of the Dutch oven. Stir in onions and garlic; cook until onions are soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in chicken broth and bring to a boil over high heat. Add potatoes and simmer until fork tender, about 20 minutes. Reduce heat to medium; stir in cream, cooked sausage, and spinach. Cook and stir until spinach has wilted and sausage is warmed through; serve.
I can't get enough of this soup! I tweaked it by leaving out the bacon and using kale instead of spinach (the famous restaurant uses kale). I also added 1 teaspoon of fennel as I think that it is crucial to the flavor of the soup. My Italian sausage was hot enough without the added red pepper, also. Still, I think this recipe is pretty forgiving and you can add or subtract to your taste. This was just what I was looking for to start me on my way to my new favorite soup. I also loved how quickly everything cooked.  This 'new to us' soup was easy to make and a major hit. Because we were taking it to someone's house the next day it had plenty of time to 'meld' overnight in the fridge~ I think that is key in encouraging flavor development. Instead of adding salt I added a teaspoon of better than boullion which intensifies the richness of the broth nicely. Next time if I am taking it somewhere to reheat I will wait on adding the cream and do it there. We did add a teaspoon of fennel seeds in the last stages of cooking the sausage. Perfect! And we opted to up the texture by using kale instead of spinach. Excellent! I really like being able to control the spiciness of the sausage too! Had considered using the hot italian sausage but this way it was somewhere in between,  We served with crusty french bread and a little sweet cream butter. Lovely, satisfying and definitely a new favorite! Excellent soup that I will make many times! My husband and I thought it was fantastic. A couple of notes:   1) there is no salt and pepper listed. Since I use broth with either no or reduced sodium, it definitely needed 3/4-1 tsp of salt. The pepper also added flavor.2)  like others I used kale instead of spinach since it's more authentic and adds more texture too. I did a fairly fine chop of curly kale so it would soften enough at the end and not be a big hunk on the spoon. 4-5 leaves equaled around two cups and that was a good amount for us.3)  I used hot Italian sausage instead of mild and omitted the red pepper flakes.4) after reading comments, I also added about 3/4-1 tsp of fennel seeds to the sausage when I browned it and that flavor really punched up the flavor.  Someone also suggested red wine vinegar so I drizzled some into the onions while they cooked,  1 tsp, maybe a little more?5)  since it was a lot more than 2 of will eat within a few days, I did not add the cream with the sausage and kale. I instead cooked the soup until it was done, spooned out half to freeze and then added 1/2 cup of cream and finished warming it. Cream soups don't seem to survive the freezer very well so I'll add cream after it's thawed and warmed.  6) we of course added freshly grated Parmesan cheese because everything is better with cheese :-)This is an easy recipe, it came together in the time listed and when served with bread, it made a perfect weeknight dinner with enough to freeze for another week!       Future tweak - Family members have a mix of dairy intolerance and aversion to pork so I am going to try this with turkey sausage, turkey bacon and a good dairy-free "cream" and see how it turns out. I'll post how that turns out.  ---Sorry this reads like a book. There is no way to break it into paragraphs Flavor is SO DELICIOUS! My family is now asking for SOUP NIGHT!! YESSS! Recipe is fantastic. I used thick cut bacon, I used 3 potatoes and 3 carrots just for some extra colour. I also added a little more garlic because that’s the way I roll! Would definitely make it again! I followed the recipe however instead of potatoes, cut up a head of cauliflower and add it in place of the potatoes.. ..cuts out carbs and it is absolutely  delicious! Used kale, and added diced carrots and sautéed mushrooms.  Everyone loved it! This soup was easy to prepare.  It was very delicious.  The flavors were robust but not too spicy.  I would make it again.  A keeper!  My family loves it! Made this exactly as the recipe called but my Yukon gold potatoes were small. This soup was so delicious. My broth was thin. Does anyone know if the size of potatoes affect this? Perhaps there wasn’t enough starch from the potatoes?
