Quick and Easy Grilled Potatoes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/143230/quick-and-easy-grilled-potatoes/
Gather the ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat an outdoor grill for medium heat and lightly oil the grate. Poke potatoes several times with a fork; place onto a microwave-safe plate. Microwave on high power for 5 minutes, turning potatoes over halfway through. otdash Meredith Food Studio Slice each potato open lengthwise; microwave for 2 more minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Brush oil on the cut sides, then season with salt and pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook on the preheated grill until potatoes are tender on the inside and crispy on the outside, 15 to 20 minutes, turning halfway through. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Just a little tip as to how we make ours (the recipe was edited a bit): I actually also rub the skins with oil, salt and pepper, which makes them just a bit crispier. Enjoy! We loved these.  I seasoned half of them with salt and pepper and the other half with seasoned salt.  They were delicious served with sour cream. I think the recipe is good but please put more then salt and pepper on them we want fluffy  grilled  flavor bombs Easy and outstanding recipe. Finally managed to get my daughter to eat potatoes! Added granulated onion and garlic, but otherwise made as specified. Thanks! These were wonderful and very easy and fast to make.  We had them for company and everyone loved them.  I will be making them again and again. Delicious and so easy!  Added extra seasoning- paprika, roasted garlic, parsley Cut them into chunks leaving skin on before putting them in the microwave for a bit. Lots of EVO and added Keg seasoning, S&P! Amazing. Thanks for the recipe. The only thing is I didn't end up making enough as they were such a hit!! Followed recipe exactly as written. I did take the advice of the writer and put olive oil, salt and pepper on skin as well as on the top. Olive oil provided a nice crisp to the potato. Will definitely make this again during the hot Summer months. Topped my potato with a dollop of sour cream. Nice! Really good recipe, next time I may add some rosemary or garlic for a pop of flavor. Cooked great on the grill!
