Kimbop (Korean Sushi)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/143496/kimbop-korean-sushi/
Rinse rice in a strainer or colander until water runs clear. Combine rice with 1 1/2 cups water in a saucepan. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to low; cover and simmer until rice is tender, 12 to 14 minutes. Spread cooked rice onto a baking sheet to cool. Season with 1 tablespoon sesame oil and salt. While rice is simmering, pour beaten eggs into a skillet over medium-high heat and allow to cook without stirring or turning to get a flat layer of cooked egg. When egg is completely cooked, remove from the skillet and set aside on a cutting board to cool. Separate nori sheets onto a flat surface and divide cooled rice between them, leaving only a 1/2-inch strip seaweed visible at the top of each sheet. Arrange strips of egg, cucumber, carrot, cheese, and ham in thin layers over rice. Beginning with the bottom of each sheet of nori, use a bamboo sushi mat to firmly roll each piece into a cylindrical shape. Brush each roll with 1/2 teaspoon sesame oil and cut into 6 equal pieces.
I agree with the others. Some of the ingredients were a little odd. My favorite is imitation crab meat, kimchee (lay on paper towel first to get rid of most of the juice), egg, pickled radish, and carrot sticks (I parboil them first so that they aren't so crunchy). Love all the ingredients, my favorite food I've had it but I haven't made it. it was awesomazing(awesome and amazing) it had tiny diced carrots and and tiny dice pickled radish and some other types of food but I've never had it with egg in it. I lived in Korea for a while and this type is indeed sold there. It is not traditional but the kind you buy at a convienience store as a snack..I bought it many times. If you buy Kimbap in a resturaunt or had it made in someones home you would not get this version ..it's the takeout version of Kimbap. Very good!  We lived in Northern China for 3 years and I would walk once or twice a week to a local butcher shop. The cleanest butcher shop in our area and it just happened to be owned by a husband and wife from Korea.  There are apparently a lot of Koreans in that area of China.  The butchers wife made these and sold them in the shop.  She made them with ham but no cheese.....cheese was very expensive there so that may be why she didn't use the cheese.  She also made one with tuna (canned)  and pineapple. Sounds strange but it was delicious!  So glad I found this recipe.....I really miss living in China and I miss the Korean butcher and his lovely wife. This is definitely a comfort food for me now!  So THANK YOU, THANK YOU, THANK YOU to Katie K for posting this recipe!!! I used radish and crab as well but I didn't use the cheese. I oiled the outside of the roll with a touch of sesame oil. They put cheese in all kinds of things in Korea...Cheese Ramen, cheese don-kass....why not kimbop? I am sure it tastes great...Korean Fusion! I am Korean and I have been around long enough to know that everyone has different flavors. My mom use to make ours with hotdogs, and I have heard of people using cream cheese. I think what ever you have in your kitchen, as any thing goes. A good note to everyone is not to fill it with too much rice or it will be hard to roll about a 1/4 inch layer should be good. And make sure that everything is patted dry or you will rip the seaweed when you roll,cut or eat it. I have been living in Seoul for a little while now and it is pretty common to see kimbap with ham and cheese.  I prefer tuna to ham or cheese though. Super good, and super easy to "personalize".  Our neighbor makes hers with fried SPAM strips, pickled daikon, and egg.  Sometimes we use blanched carrot strips, too.  Sometimes, kimchee and beef.  Any way you make these, they're delicious!  
