Pasta Salad
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/14385/pasta-salad/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook pasta in the boiling water, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 10 to 12 minutes; rinse under cold water and drain. Whisk Italian dressing and salad spice mix together until smooth. Combine pasta, tomatoes, bell peppers, and olives in a salad bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour dressing over salad and toss to coat. otdash Meredith Food Studio For the best flavor, refrigerate the pasta salad for 8 hours to overnight. otdash Meredith Food Studio Enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO
Great stuff. When I am out of Salad Supreme this still is pretty good stuff by adding individual spices listed on the SS bottle. After refrigerating overnight, the day I am serving I sometimes add a bit more salad dressing. Also, you can interchange lots of ingredients: veggies, cubes of cheese, pepperoni slices or ham cubes, etc. This is easily customizable. I made this exactly according to the directions and it was not a hit. Too many peppers and a strange flavor,  perhaps from the 'salad seasoning mix'. I added a chicken breast, not that it needed the extra protein,  I had an extra so I added  it.  very good will make again, but not quite so much will half the receipt. Very good. I added broccoli and feta cheese. The pasta salad with Pita Chips  was a delightful mix of flavors and textures. The crunchy pita chips added the perfect contrast to the fresh and tangy salad. It was a refreshing and satisfying meal that I'll be making again! This is a simple, flavorful recipe. What I like best about it is it does not call for ANY onions of any type, especially RED onions, which to me are overwhelming in a salad. I love this recipe Hello,I made this recipe, but I modified the salad dressing somewhat. For the salad dressing I used the Italian salad dressing, I added abt 2 tbsp of fresh chopped garlic, 2 tbsp-Italian herbs, 2 tbsp-Basil, and 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese.  You can use those fresh herbs in a tube, from the produce section, works great. I mixed the salad dressing with these herbs and let it sit while making everything else. I used 2 12oz. Boxes of Rotini pasta, multi colored. And the bell peppers, I used yellow, orange, and red. Makes for a very colorful pasta and quite tasty. I only add tomatoes at the last minute, since they tend to make things a bit soggy. I have used this recipe at 2 pot lucks and there weren’t any leftovers. This recipe was a great idea for me.I also wanted to add that I also added about a cup, depending on the size package of mozzarella balls, drained, I pat the dry with a paper towel, lightly. I've made this recipe a few times now for get togethers and it's always a big hit!It has become 1 of the family faves
