Best Steak Marinade in Existence
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/143809/best-steak-marinade-in-existence/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place olive oil, soy sauce, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, basil, garlic powder, parsley, white pepper, minced garlic, and hot pepper sauce in a blender; blend on high speed until thoroughly combined, about 30 seconds.
This marinade was amazing. I really wasn't sure about the ingredients (didn't want teriyaki type), and decided to take a chance based upon the ratings. Boy, was I glad I did. The steaks ended up marinating 3 days (due to changes in plans). They were so tender, and the taste... fabulous. This marinade is very subtle, it really enhances the meat well. I didn't have parsley, so I added a dash of thyme. My DH was extremely happy with the taste, and wants me to use this recipe again and again.***UPDATE***-I wanted something different for Christmas dinner for 15 people, this was my choice, and everyone raved about how flavorful and tender the steaks were (we used flat iron steaks). I brought the steaks home from the store, fixed the marinade, popped them in the freezer for about a week, then defrosted them Christmas Eve. My DH put them on the BBQ to cook, YUMMM! On a busy day, it was an effortless, but outstanding main dish. Let me put how good this marinade is into perspective. My sister stopped eating steak about 15 years ago. I made top serloins for the family with this marinade, and made a piece of BBQ chicken for her. BUT when I came in from the bbq she said the steaks smelled amazing, and asked to have that instead! I couldn’t believe it! She ate every bite, and went back for more. That’s about the best compliment you can get as a cook, and I owe it to this marinade! That being said, I do modify it just a bit. I use one or two cloves of pressed fresh garlic instead of the dried minced garlic, two table spoons of packed brown sugar for a bit of extra sweetness, and a squeeze of Siracha (because that’s how I roll). Perfect every time! It’s the best for a less fatty cut of beef that needs a little extra flavor, like serloin or flank steak. Thanks for posting it! I've made this 4 or 5 times this summer. I thought it might get too salty with all the soy and worcestershire but it's not. I started using fresh herbs, basil, rosemary, and italian parsley instead of the dry herbs and it makes it even better. Don't skimp on the lemon juice and use fresh squeezed lemons, not the bottle stuff, yuk. You won't be disappointed.I've also used pineapple juice in place of the lemon juice. It's delicious. Followed the recipe used both garlic powder and fresh garlic. Foebthe hot sauce I used Srircha. Used 2lbs of flap steak in a zip locw bag and it marinated for 2 days. Perfect on the grill, family love it and asked for the recipe. Very good! Did exactly as directed but added 1/4 cup brown sugar! Yummy! Hubby really liked it! This is delicious. I followed the ingredient list with the exception of the dry garlic. I let the steak marinate for 48 hours due to conflicting schedules. The steak (I used flank steak) was very tender and had a wonderful flavor. Prior to grilling the steak, I used paper towels to remove the spices and put the steak on paper towels to absorb excess marinade. I will definitely make this marinade in the future. I have used this marinade many times on beef and pork and it always turns out perfect. With the steak I usually use the left over marinade and boil it on the stove and use it as a sauce for the meat, it is abslutely delicious! THIS HAS TO BE THE BEST MARINADE IN THE WORLD! Marinaded for 6 hours- Turn the Grill on HIGH and with the lid down get the inside temp to 400, (wait untill its up there), sear the meat on all sides opening and the lid to to check and flip. When seared or blackened to desired crust, turn the grill on LOW to cool it, untill the temperature gets down to about 275 or 300. When the grill cools down you can close the lid and cook the meat turning occasionally until the inside temperature of the meat is to the desired temperature. (150 is good) Take the meat out on plate cover with a dish cloth for about 10 min to let the meat rest. Nothing else needed. This is the marinade I chose to use for the tenderloins at the company picnic.There were 3 tenderlions about 3 lbs each, 9 lbs total. I doubled the recipe for the marinade.I used both the minced garlic and the powdered garlic. Don't use 'Salt Garlic'. And for the 'Lemon Juice' I used 'Real Lemon' in the bottle. I used 'Black Pepper', not the white because I like how it crusts. And for the hot sauce I used 'Red Pepper' powder. The hot pepper boost serves to balances the spices it does not make the meat hot at all..I used 'Extra Virgin Olive Oil' because it has more flavor. I wanted to stretch the recipe so I added about 1/3 cup more oil. I split marinade up into three plastic zippos, threw a tenderloin in each one. Marinaded it in the frig, turning the bag over a few times over a 6 hour period. I give this recipe 5 stars based on my modifications. First of all, I was just cooking for my fiancé and me, so I halved the recipe. In place of the garlic powder and minced garlic, I used one clove of chopped fresh garlic. I used fresh basil (about 4 leaves chopped) instead of dried and I reduced the amount of oil and lemon, although not by much. I also added red chili flakes instead of hot pepper sauce. I marinated overnight and this is similar to a korean bbq type of marinade but not as sweet. Regardless, it was DELICIOUS! My fiancé loved it too and he's a very cultured food man :) Doubled the ingredients, 4 large Filet Mignon's, blended ingredients in BlendTec Mixer,(The Secret - we marinaded them for 2 nights turning them every morning and evening), Placed on a Treager Grill using mequite pellets at 375 for 30 minutes, turned over and cooked another 7-10 minutes. The Filet Mignon's were at least 1 3/4 inch thick. The result - PErfection like none other. The filets MELTED in our mouths and no other sauce was necessary. My most sincere compliments to the creator of this recipe. We absolutely love it. Also, using fresh ingredients works best. I used this marinade for a whole chicken. I put a double batch of the marinade along with the lemon rinds in a ziploc bag with the chicken for 48 hours. I removed the chicken and rinsed it off well, added the lemon rinds inside the cavity, seasoned with rotisserie chicken seasoning and baked. So delicious!! The white meat was extremely juicy and tender. The flavor was great! My husband said “keep that recipe” that is tasty steak! I added rosemary, didn't have olive so used vegetable oil , tan out of lemon and put lime to top it off.  Then made with Love ! Bet this would make a great salad dressing as well!Chef Christopher Might work on a very tough piece of meat but was quite bad on NY strips. The lemon juice is way too acidic for marinating a decent piece of meat. After just 2 hours the meat was extremely mealy in texture. Have been looking for a good marinade for cheaper cuts of steak and chose this one - it did not disappoint!!  Followed the instructions and marinated overnight - top sirloin was delicious and so tender.  One tip - don't overcook the meat - we did it on the grill and it was basically wait a minute or two, flip and wait another minute or two and remove!!  Thanks so much for this recipe After trying this recipe once I have used it as my Go To since I can't imaging there could possibly be a better one! Followed the recipe and we were all delighted! There were multiple comments about how tender and flavorful the meat was. I used skirt steaks and marinated them overnight. Then seared them in a cast iron skillet and cooked them on low in a crockpot for a few hours. Perfect! I also added chopped onion and green bell pepper, which I sauteed in the same skillet before adding it all to the crockpot. I'm definitely doing this again because we ate it all and wanted more! We did this without blending (accidentally) and -loved- it!  We're trying it BLENDED this time and expect it to be as good - if not better  :-)
