Octoberfest German Potato Salad
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/14412/octoberfest-german-potato-salad/
Place potatoes in a large pot and cover with water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, about 15 minutes. Drain, and transfer to a large bowl. Add onions. Whisk mayonnaise, vinegar, oil, sugar, parsley, salt, and pepper together in a large bowl. Gently stir in the potatoes and onion. Let stand for 1 hour before serving to enhance flavors.
This is a great recipe, one handed down through many generations. My version is it a bit different as I add some dry mustard to dressing (make sure you mix your mayo, oil and vinegar well...this helps keep the coating adhered to the potatoes) then I add in a chopped hard boil egg. Also, if you quarter your potatoes, boil them till done (not mushy though) cool them a bit, the skins come off easily and you can cut them into bit size chunks. The flavor of the potato is better if you cook them with the skins on. My husband loved it! Whoa, w-a-a-a-a-y too sweet (personal taste, perhaps).  I scaled the recipe in half and added some bacon (I gotta have bacon in German potato salad), otherwise followed the recipe.  I made sure to add the potatoes while warm hoping they’d soak up some of the dressing, but there still was a pool of dressing sitting in the bottom of the bowl.  Dressing is too thin, just runs off the potatoes,  This is a potato salad-loving house, and I make a lot of different types.  Served with grilled white German brats, and although OK, most likely won’t make again. Originally I didn't think this potato salad would be flavorful enough without mustard, but the vinegar and raw onion really brought the flavor and tang! It was good warm and even better cold the next few days. I used fresh parsley instead of dried. The full recipe makes a huge amount so be prepared for lots of tasty leftovers if you have a smaller household. Definitely would make this again! We loved this potato salad.  I took the suggestions from others to cut the vinegar in half and added hard boiled eggs to the potato salad. I also cooked the potatoes in their jackets which does take longer about 30-35 minutes. Just check the potatoes by piercing the potatoes with a fork. Then, rinse potatoes with cold water and peel the skins off. I added paprika to the top of the potato salad Very good as written. It gets better the longer it sits so it’s best to make it a day before you want it. good stuff.  made some changes but nothing significant My wife does not like raw onion, so I replaced the onion with a bunch of green onion and three stalks of celery. One of the best and easiest potato salads I have ever made.
