Frog Eye Salad
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/14439/frog-eye-salad/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine pineapple juice, sugar, eggs, flour, and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a saucepan. Stir and cook over medium heat until thickened. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove from heat; stir in lemon juice. Let cool to room temperature, about 1 hour. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bring a large pot of water to a boil; add oil and remaining 2 teaspoons salt. Add pasta and cook until al dente, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine cooked pasta, cooled egg mixture, mandarin oranges, pineapple tidbits, crushed pineapple, and whipped topping in a large bowl; mix well. Refrigerate until chilled, 8 hours to overnight. otdash Meredith Food Studio Before serving, add marshmallows and coconut; toss and serve. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I've made Frog Eye Salad for 20 years and I always get requests for this recipe. It's always fun to see someone else's version. I would not put coconut in anything, but that's me. Might I make a suggestion. I always do this in two steps. Make the pasta and the egg mixture first. Put it together and refrigerate it overnight. In the meantime dump all your fruits together in a bowl and put them in the fridge as well. The next day, just before serving, dump your fruit in and stir, and then add your cool whip. Keeps everything firm without melting down. I have also always used the colored minature marshmallows, it just gives the salad a more fruity flavor. I have made this since the 70's. Except we have never added lemon juice or oil. We also add a little more cool whip to make it a little more moist. This is very good. I follow the recipe on the bag of Vini de Pepe. It makes a bunch good for a crowd. Keep a good and cold bowl of ice underneath a bowl. I absolutely LOVE Frog-Eyed Salad!! It's always a big deal whenever I bring it to family gatherings. The first time I brought it, my uncle Dee, who loved to tease me about whatever I brought, took one look at this salad and said "Looks like you boiled a bunch of BBs for this!" He loved it and then after he always asked for my "BB Salad". Treasured Precious memories over a sweet anddelicious salad. I use whipping cream/powered sugar to make my whipped topping, omit the coconut and marshmallow. Otherwise everything is the same and I always come home with a empty clean bowl...success!! Love this recipe, thank you so much for sharing.   My family LOVED it. This is a recipe that you'll be asked to bring everywhere! I ususally leave the coconut out because we have a couple haters in the family. Also, rosa marina macaroni is  good in this dish, as well. Good but sweet for my taste and diet.   Is there a way to use less sugar and marshmallows?  Perhaps honey instead of sugar?  Grapes instead of marshmallows? I have made this for may years.  I have too gotten requests for recipes, or people asking me to bring it.  I do add diced peaches, and more mandarin oranges. No marshmallows because I don't like slimy marshmallows, and no coconut.  I top the salad with maraschino cherries. This is definitely a family favorite. Due to allergies, I skip the coconut and usually add extra cool whip and marshmallows, plus a jar of sliced maraschino cherries. It's a guilty "salad" and a wonderful dessert!
