Green Salad
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/14452/green-salad/
Gather the ingredients. llRecipes / Ana Caden Place onion and bell pepper in a microwave-safe bowl; heat in microwave on high until soft, about 1 to 2 minutes. Set aside to cool. llRecipes / Ana Caden Combine onion, bell pepper, salad greens, deli meat, and tomato in a large salad bowl. Sprinkle with onion powder, garlic powder, salt, and black pepper; toss well to mix. llRecipes / Ana Caden Pour on salad dressing; toss well and serve. llRecipes / Ana Caden Enjoy! llRecipes / Ana Caden
Salads are great. I mean I put in onion,grape tomatoes, shredded carrots, celery,tuna and crutons along with the lettuce and dressing. You can add or subtract. I like to go thru the fridge and see what might be close to going bad and then use it in a salad. You can add fruit and nuts. Anything that you think you might like to use, but i warn you to try it by makin a little bit first to see if you will like it so you dont waste a lot of time and ingredients on something that does not do well with something else. The possibilities are endless. Such an easy and tasty salad to make! Really enjoyed having the chopped chicken deli meat for that extra protein. I only used the dressing on red leaf lettuce with croutons. It was delicious! I used a high end white balsamic as the base, added the spices, and lightly dressed the lettuce leaves. Yummmm! Just an awesome healthy salad Simple... but SOOO good! Fresh veggies are in season. It’s the perfect summer salad. Substituted shredded carrot for the deli meat. Great recipe! YYYYYUUUUUUMMMMMMM A great basic salad you can add to. I put in Avocado, egg,celery, cuke,tomatoe, green onion, spinach, ice burg lettuce and chicken. Tossed with EEOV and white  vinegar, little pepper  but no salt. I also added cubes of Goat Cheese. This was very good. I left out the onion and bell pepper and used fresh garlic instead of garlic powder. I added boiled egg and cheese...YUM! Salads are great. I mean I put in onion,grape tomatoes, shredded carrots, celery,tuna and crutons along with the lettuce and dressing. You can add or subtract. I like to go thru the fridge and see what might be close to going bad and then use it in a salad. You can add fruit and nuts. Anything that you think you might like to use, but i warn you to try it by makin a little bit first to see if you will like it so you dont waste a lot of time and ingredients on something that does not do well with something else. The possibilities are endless.
