Butternut Squash Risotto
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/144760/butternut-squash-risotto/
Place squash into a steamer basket in a saucepan; fill with water to just below the bottom of the basket. Cover, bring to a boil, and steam squash until tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Drain; use a fork to mash squash in a bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Melt butter in a saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion; cook and stir for 2 minutes until onion begins to soften, then stir in rice. Continue cooking and stirring until rice is glossy and the onion begins to brown on the edges, about 5 minutes more. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour in white wine; cook, stirring constantly, until it has evaporated. Stir in mashed squash and 1/3 of the hot chicken stock; reduce heat to medium. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook and stir until chicken stock has been absorbed into rice, 5 to 7 minutes. Add 1/2 of the remaining chicken stock, and continue stirring until it has been absorbed. Finally, pour in remaining stock, and continue stirring until the risotto is creamy. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in Parmesan cheese and season with salt and pepper.
Loved this! So delicious and flavorful, especially once the parmesan has been added. Peeling and chopping butternut squash is a pain. Here's my suggestion - simply cut the squash in half and remove the seeds with a spoon. Then, place (peel down) on a baking sheet and bake at 400 for 40-45 min, or until the squash is tender. Then, just scoop out the squash and voila! easy puree! Delicious!  I ran out of time to toast the squash, as many reviews suggested, but it was still delicious! The recipe had its moments. I used a red onion instead of yellow/white and because the butternut squash didn’t seem to cook in the ten-15 suggested min, pumpkin was substituted pretty much one to one. Some butternut squash was added at the last minute and I think it turned out pretty healthy.If I was to do it again, I might cook the Arborio in my rice cooker with the chicken stock for the timing to be just right. 10 stars if I could. I opted to make “Simple Roasted Butternut Squash” by MChele from this site (a favorite of mine) instead of steaming. That + the steps of this recipe; OMG Good!! While I made as a side dish, this definitely could be a main dish. It was as devoured and raved about. I simply could not get enough! A winning recipe Andrea! We loved this! This was a good start towards a great recipe. I made a few minor modifications to suit my taste. I absolutely LOVE the combination of butternut squash and sage so adding that was a given. I used shallots in liu of onions just for that hint of garlic and lastly, but I think most importantly since I’ve tried it both ways, after cubing my squash, I roasted it in the oven at 350 for about 40 (until completely tender and Carmalized on the edges) then mashed them prior to adding them to the rice mixture. The added depth of flavor is so much more rich without being overpowering. A Creamy Comfort Fall Food!This recipe was very good and a perfect side dish for almost any main dish protein.I used red onion and pinot grigio wine for my specifics of the recipe.Additionally, substituted chicken broth for the recipe listed chicken stock.Lastly, freshly grated parmesan was used – it just that much more favorable!!Update:  I added sauteed mushrooms and zucchini.  It made it a 5 star. I added 3 cloves of garlic and rosemary. I also cubed the butternut squash instead of mashing it, then roasted the squash for 45 mins in a 400 degree oven.  It was delicious! Others mentioned they only used 2-3 cups of chicken stock. I definitely don’t recommend that. I needed all 5 cups and it turned out perfectly creamy. Steamed small butternut squash cubes in microwave for 3 minutes to soften. Then sauteed squash in olive oil with minced garlic, salt, pepper and paprika. Did not mash squash. Reduced chicken stock to 3 1/2 cups and followed the recipe for the rest of the preparation. The result was a very flavorful side dish because of garlic and paprika. Paired well with a walnut-crusted baked tilapia. Turned out great. I halved and seeded my squash and then roasted at 400 for about 45 minutes. Then scooped out leaving the flesh and put into he risotto.  My hubby really liked it.  Served with Steak and asparagus. Delicious base recipe.  Added 2 oz pancetta and substituted shallots for onions. Waited to add squash until risotto was cooked, because I like to taste the squash. Garlic would probably be a good addition too.
