Grilled Tuna Teriyaki
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/14502/grilled-tuna-teriyaki/
Stir soy sauce, rice wine, ginger, and garlic together in a shallow dish. Place tuna in the marinade, and turn to coat. Cover dish and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes. Preheat grill for medium-high heat. Remove tuna from marinade and discard remaining liquid. Brush both sides of steaks with oil. Cook tuna on the preheated grill until cooked through, 3 to 6 minutes per side.
I more than doubled the marinade for 2 tuna steaks, added 1 teaspoon brown sugar, a bit of oyster sauce, a dash of sesame oil, and chopped chives. Boiled the leftover of the marinade and thickened it to pour over the grilled tuna (I did pour more water in and seasoned it to make more sauce). I brushed with olive oil, coated with black pepper and seared 21/2 min per side. I made a sauce to eat with it which consisted of soy sauce, worchestershire, teriyaki, salt and powdered sugar. Followed the directions & let it marinade for 1 & 1/2 hrs since it said for at least 30 min.  No flavor. We put some teriyaki sauce warmed over & it was much better. Since using a bottle of teriyaki sauce we had worked so well, I'll just use that instead of going through mincing fresh ginger root & garlic. This was to good and so easy. yes, will double marinade and make sauce afterwards next time This is perfect.  I wouldn't change it in any way.  I'm may use this marinade on other meats to.  Well, I used it on center cut pork chops.  it was just as good. Excellent, simple, and quick go to tuna recipe.  One of my boyfriends favorite fish dishes! We both rate it 5 star as written. Feel free to use garlic and/or ginger powder. I add sesame oil instead of vegetable oil into the marinade. YUM!!!  VERY flavorful marinade. I added 1/2 tablespoon of brown sugar and a bit of sesame oil to the marinade, which I had the tuna in for about 4 hours. Weather forced us to switch from the outdoor grill to stove top, but for my first time grilling tuna steaks, this was a great intro!! We just made this and loved it! It was just the right amount of flavor...delicious marinade, but it didn't overpower the flavor of the fish at all. Just right! I followed the advise of some other reviews...grilled each side 3 minutes, and added green onions and a pinch of brown sugar to the marinade. Also, I didn't have any rice wine, so instead I used a slash of red wine vinegar, and it was great! I love the marinade. Instead of tossing it out, which in my opinion is a waste of great garlic and ginger, I sautéed the Tuna in a frying pan along with the marinade. Such a great flavor as the marinade cooks down. Just be careful not to overcook the tuna.
