Wisconsin Bratwurst
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/14524/wisconsin-bratwurst/
Prick bratwurst with a fork to prevent them from exploding as they cook. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place in a large stockpot. Add beer, onions, butter, and black pepper. Place the stockpot over medium heat, bring to a boil and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil the grate. Cook bratwurst on the preheated grill until evenly browned, about 10 to 14 minutes, turning occasionally. Serve hot off the grill with onions on hoagie rolls.
I was having a Christmas party and wanted to do something with some frozen Johnsville Brats that were in the freezer for 4 months, so I thought I would give this recipe a try. I also did not poke holes in them, other than that I followed the recipe. After cooking the brats in the beer mixture I strained the onions and sautéed them further and then added them to a cola sauerkraut recipe found on this site. That evening my husband grilled the brats and could not stop eating them, I was afraid I would not have any left for the party the next day. He kept on saying that I must have used some very good brats! After they were grilled I cut them in half and mixed them in the cola sauerkraut. The night of the party I warmed the mixture in the microwave and the kept it warm in a chafing dish. I served fresh Italian bread cut to the size of the mini brats for those wanting to eat it on a bun. The moral of my story is the 4-month-old brats that I wanted to get rid of, turned out to be the hit of the party. I was asked over and over who made the brats. Thanks for a good recipe, I am sure I will make this many times over, I might even buy some high quality fresh brats!this was the other dish I made http://sidedish.allrecipes.com/az/ClSrkrt.asp I give it three stars.. because i decided to make my own brats and marinated the meat in beer before seasoning and grinding. I refuse to use store bought commercialized brats.that way you make it with the beer and just grill it. i am not from Wisconsin but i am a Cheese head!!! I use a Brat cooker. Perfect every time! We live in WI and love our Brats!! While these brats were good, I feel that I can only rate  the recipe as 3 stars because I did not prick the bratwurst until they were on the grill.  You will lose flavoring in the brats if you prick them in the boiling process.  I also, melted the butter in the stock pot, added and sautéed the thinly sliced onion until the onions were tender.  Then, added the links, and poured in 3 bottles of Leinenkugel Red Lager.  Simmered for 20 minutes and finished them off on the grill.  Note: After removing the brats from the liquid, I continued to simmer the onion/beer and after putting the brat in the brat/sausage bun, put some of the onions on top, and topped off the sausage with some spicy brown mustard.  Delicious! Disappointing.  Just grilling works better. I bump this up a bit by adding a pat of butter to add some fat ( witch I’m told is done in Wisconsin) also some bay leaves and ground or Dijon mustard to the beer bath Loved this!  For those of us who have fallen into the habit of just heating “healthy”, reduced-fat, pre-cooked sausage for quick meals, you will be reminded of how delicious real bratwurst is. The onions are not the star of this recipe, but they are delicious too. Add a side of boiled, buttered potatoes and some sauerkraut, and life will be good.  Very good in fact!  It’s ok, you can go back on your diet tomorrow. I’m from the south (Oklahoma) but I learn to make Bratwurst from a some guys from Wisconsin. Many people from Oklahoma don’t know what a brat is and finding one that tastes authentic is nearly impossible around here. I cooked them for years for my family and we always enjoyed them but I had gotten away from what the guys from Wisconsin taught me about how to properly cook them. When I found this recipe and tried it out it all came back and these brats are the most authentic best tasting brats I have had period. Thank you for sharing!! I’m a purist when it comes to brats!
