Greek Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/14527/greek-chicken/
Mix olive oil, lemon juice, garlic, rosemary, thyme, and oregano in a glass dish. Place chicken pieces in the mixture; cover and marinate in the refrigerator for 2 to 3 hours. Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat and lightly oil the grate. Place chicken on the grill, and discard the marinade. Cook until chicken is no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear, about 15 minutes per side (smaller pieces will not take as long). An instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). abeveryda
I am a caterer and made this for a wedding rehearsal dinner a few months ago. It was a huge hit! I used boneless, skinless chicken breasts and pounded them so that they were uniform in thickness. I marinated the chicken for 2 days & grilled them about 3 1/2 minutes per side. I garnished the platter with lemon halves, roasted heads of garlic & sprigs of fresh rosemary. My only suggestion is to be careful with the fresh oregano...it is very pungent, so don't get carried away!! Didn't make any changes.  Loved it fantastic and so easy I used thighs came out fantastic.  Next double recipe.  Kids ate it cold. Asked for more Absolutely Delicious, and easy to make it more diet friendly by just reducing the oil in half, and using only skinless chicken. This was such an easy Recipe but oh so delicious!OPA! This marinade is great and easy. I used chicken thighs with skin on and chicken breasts, cut into 2” pieces, without skin. I thought the thighs would have more flavor but I was wrong. The breast pieces tasted much more of the marinade. I served this with steamed rice seasoned with a bit of Tamari Soy Sauce. Iu I cut them in little pieces like half inch squares the chicken. Marinated them overnight as suggested. And then cooked them in a pan in the oven for about 35 to 40 minutes made rice and just put that over on the rice. And OMG my granddaughter loved it in fact she had seconds and I had seconds. It was amazing. When I purchase a grill I will then try it that way. But in the meantime, this went without a hitch. It was wonderful. Always looking for light meals for those hot muggy days. Tried with both chicken and pork. Served with salad, garlic bread and tzatziki.Well received and  works great as appetizer or kabob
