Prize-Winning Baby Back Ribs
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/14539/prize-winning-baby-back-ribs/
Gather the ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat a gas grill for high heat, or arrange charcoal briquettes on one side of the barbeque. Lightly oil the grate. Combine cumin, chili powder, paprika, salt, and pepper in a small jar; close the lid and shake to mix. otdash Meredith Food Studio Trim the membrane sheath from the back of each rack. Run a small, sharp knife between the membrane and each rib, and snip off the membrane as much as possible. otdash Meredith Food Studio Sprinkle as much of the rub onto both sides of ribs as desired. To prevent ribs from becoming too dark and spicy, do not thoroughly rub spices into ribs. Store any unused spice mix in a jar for future use. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place aluminum foil on the lower rack to capture drippings and prevent flare-ups. Lay ribs on the top rack of the grill (away from the coals, if you're using briquettes). Reduce gas heat to low and close the lid; cook ribs, undisturbed as possible, until meat pulls away easily from the bone, about 1 hour. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Brush ribs with barbecue sauce, and grill for an additional 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve ribs as a whole rack, or cut between each rib bone and pile individually on a platter. lberta Ros
(1-29-06)This was my first time cooking baby back ribs and what a success! This recipe is very easy and very delicious! Don't be afraid it will fail you--it more than lives up to its five-star rating! Here are my tips: We had close to 6 pounds of Costco baby backs--very meaty. The butter knife method of removing the membrane (described by another reviewer)worked perfectly. Thanks! I made double the dry-rub and took suggestions by other reviews to decrease the cumin (I used a little over 1T for the double batch and increased the chili powder accordingly) and rub the mixture into the meat a bit (2-14-07 update: take the recipe's caution about not rubbing it in too much seriously. I put too much on my last batch & it was overpowering). We followed the grilling instructions to a 'T'! Our ribs were perfectly cooked in just under two hours. Because we had double the amount of meat, I did peek after an hour and 20 minutes to see the progress. Based on the recipe description, I could tell we needed more time. We cooked them for about another 20 minutes (next time I won't have to peek!) then added the sauce. I made the sauce in Scott Hibb's Amazing Whisky Grilled Baby Back Ribs recipe (5 stars!). After adding the sauce we grilled as instructed. DELICIOUS! My husband, who claimed to not like baby back ribs, LOVED these. I loved these! My 6 and 3 year olds loved these. The cooking method, the rub and the sauce are winners! TRY THIS ONE! These are not award winning. Smoking low and slow is how to properly cook baby back ribs. 3-2-1 method. 3 hrs with rub bone down at 180° or smoke setting on main rack. Then wrap in foil with apple cider vinegar and apple juice. Wrap tight keep moisture in. Cook 225°degrees on top rack for 2 hrs. Last step, one hour back on main grate at 225° unwrapped from foil , this is the sauce stage. Let the sauce get tacky! Enjoy! Oh, goodness, these ribs were delisioso. The rub is exactly what I use. Like many other reviewers, the cook time is not long enough. I cook on the grill for an hour (indirect heat) and then finish the ribs in the oven for an additional TWO hours on 250. Yes, I said TWO MORE hours. I cook my ribs to an internal temperature of 190. You heard me. 190. Cover the ribs with foil while in the oven. Now, your ribs will be perfect. Fall off the bone. 145 for baby back ribs is not nearly high enough. You might hear a squeal as you bite into the meaty rib meat. I love gnawing on a meaty rib. I feel like a caveman. After cleaning off all the cartilage, I even throw my bone on the floor. Best rib rub recipe! Have been using this recipe for years! Absolutely the best rib recipe I've ever used. So simple and easy. I made this for dinner and my ribs were dry and definable did not fall off the bone.
