Sirloin Steak with Garlic Butter
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/14554/sirloin-steak-with-garlic-butter/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat and lightly oil the grate. otdash Meredith Food Studio Melt butter in a small saucepan over medium-low heat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in minced garlic and garlic powder. Set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Season both sides of each steak with salt and pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place steaks on preheated grill and cook 4 to 5 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 140 degrees F (60 degrees C) for medium doneness. otdash Meredith Food Studio Transfer steaks to warmed plates; brush the tops liberally with garlic butter and allow to rest for 2 to 3 minutes before serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio
This was very good. We don't have a grill yet so I seared these on the stove-top with the lid. Got a good crust on the steak and the garlic was tasty. To save on fat I used low-fat marg. I will definitely make this again. I loved it, I added a teaspoon of hot Hungarian paprika to give it a smokey taste. It turned out really good. Yummy! I made the recipe exactly the way it is written.Then I "beefed" it up a bit by adding a little mustard seed,and served it with my favorite country side-dishes.There are many ingredients that may be added to this recipe, as well as many side-dishes,but remember,I used the the recipe 💯 exactly as it is the first time I made the "Sirloin Steak with Garlic-Butter.Enjoy!* I made this as a treat dinner after work I added garlic paste and a little bit of seeded mustard to melted butter and drizzled over medium rare steak, boiled potatoes and veg. Chefs kiss 🤌 I did not use garlic powder; my instinct told me it would be too garlicky. For the two of us I had 2 8-ounce sirloin steaks. I don't measure things. I do what I think is best. I melted a piece of butter, crushed a large clove of garlic, simmered on low heat for about 20 minutes. When steaks were done, I brushed the steaks with the garlic butter. My wife and I both thought it was good. Not too garlicky, but enough. Will do it again the same way. Added shallots. This is a great way to BBQ beef. The butter and garlic lend a differentbut pleasing taste. I prefer steak cooked medium so I added a coupleof minutes to the cooking time. ENJOY
