Naan
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/14565/naan/
Dissolve yeast in warm water in a large bowl. Let stand about 10 minutes, until frothy. otdash Meredith Food Studio Meanwhile, generously oil a large bowl. Stir sugar, milk, egg, and salt into the yeast mixture. Mix in enough flour to make a soft dough. otdash Meredith Food Studio Knead dough on a lightly floured surface until smooth, 6 to 8 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place dough in the prepared oil, cover with a damp cloth, and let rise until doubled in size, about 1 hour. otdash Meredith Food Studio Punch down dough on a lightly floured surface, and knead in garlic. Pinch off small handfuls of dough about the size of a golf ball; you should have about 14. Roll each piece into a ball and place on a tray. Cover with a towel, and allow to rise until doubled in size, about 30 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Meanwhile, preheat a large grill pan over high heat. Roll each piece of dough into a thin circle. otdash Meredith Food Studio Brush some melted butter on the preheated grill pan. Place a few pieces of dough in the pan (as many as you can fit) and cook until puffy and lightly browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Brush butter onto the uncooked sides, flip, and cook until browned, 2 to 4 more minutes. Remove from the grill and repeat to cook the remaining naan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
Absolutely better than the Naan served in my favorite local Indian restaurant. A couple of comments to clarify the recipe instructions, however: "Proofing" the yeast means that you must add about 1 Tblsp. of sugar to the warm water and yeast, then allow to double in volume prior to adding any further ingredients (I might not have known that had I not stumbled upon proofing instructions on the package). Also, I found that it took a considerable amount of time for this dough to rise, so keep that in mind when you are planning for this to accompany a meal. High heat was way too extreme a cooking temperature. I burned the first few and ended up keeping the heat on medium-low. This recipe had a wonderful flavor, and you could truly eat them alone with nothing more than a little butter. Tasty! You can tell this is an American recipe due to the added sugar. Just leave it out; try to develop your taste buds so they learn to appreciate food that is not sweetened with added sugars. Wasn't a fan of it tasted didnt have the right flavor. It was missing the true naan bread flavor. Greek yogurt is something I highly recommend and ghee if you truly want that flavour. Wish I read the reviews to catch the correct method of proofing. But still had great turnout!I used the bar side of a griddle we have for our grill in the oven at 400 degrees it worked out great! Delicious.  Made the dough in my bread machine with ingredients listed and cooked on cast iron griddle.  So good with lentil soup for dinner. Substituted 4Tbs of creamed raw honey for the sugar (it's what I had) and made the dough using the dough setting of my bread machine. Then portioned balls and filled it with a spinach, cheese, and kale filling before cooking on the stove. So delicious and great texture!!! Omg... this was awesome. I was throwing together a quick dinner. And something just really was missing so I made this... they came out superb!!Just as a suggestion, when you set the dough to rise. Try boiling a kettle of water as if for a pot of tea, and then pouring it into an ovenproof dish below the bowl of dough in an oven. It'll warm up the oven, without getting it too hot and the dough/yeast likes the moisture. Works like a charm every time!! So I absolutely messed up I didn’t realize I was missing the second page until I put all the ingredients in the dough. However.. it still turned out good and it’s going to be even better when I do it correctly 🤣 I had asome plain (with garlic mixed in) and I just finished a personal pizza on it! I’m not a fan of regular pizza crust so this was worth trying and I love it! I will definitely make more after the freezer has none 😍 I used whole wheat flour I've made this  countless times. Always spot on.  I usually get away with just a bit over 4 cups of flour.  Can't buy nana more now.
