Salisbury Steak
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/14595/salisbury-steak/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine ground beef, 1/3 cup condensed soup, bread crumbs, egg, salt, and black pepper in a large bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Shape into 6 oval patties. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat; add patties and brown on both sides. Drain excess fat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Blend remaining soup and flour together in a small bowl until smooth; mix in ketchup, water, Worcestershire sauce, and mustard. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour soup mixture over patties in the skillet. Cover, and cook for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
This turned out to be a pleasant surprise. Here are the changes I made to what is now my favorite dish. In the gravy, I used a can of French Onion soup as well as a can of Cream of Mushroom and a packet of Dry Onion Soup. I omitted the salt due to the high sodium content in the soups. I'm glad I did. I doubled the gravy except for the ketchup...kept it at 1/4 cup while doubling the rest. I also added a jar of mushrooms to the gravy. After browning each side of the patties (and yes, having them fall apart slightly), I transferred the patties to a foil-lined casserole dish, put the gravy on top, covered the dish, and cooked it at 375 for 45 minutes. I was worried the patties wouldn't get all the way done because they were pretty thick, but they turned out perfect!!! We had it with brown rice (and had just enough wonderful gravy to go along with it!) and steamed broccoli. This is a new favorite recipe for my husband and me. First I want to thank Kelley Berenger for reintroducing this dish. This review is not a knock on a family favorite of hers.  I followed the preparation of the ground beef per the instructions.I decide to use Lipton Onion and Mushroom soup mix instead.I used the reserved condensed French onion soup, 2/3 of a cup , and added low sodium beef broth to give it a richer flavor along with 2 tablespoons of flour to thicken the gravy. I also added Baby Bella mushrooms to gravy and seasoned with pepper, powdered onion and dried minced onion to taste. The Salisbury Steak and gravy was fabulous. 4 stars because I made my own changes from the very beginning - I don't like mustard and ketchup so I removed those. I took reviewers advice and for gravy I had 1 can cream of mushroom and 1 can french onion soup and like 1/4 pack of dry onion soup mixed, with pepper, a little flour because I was scared it would clump [and it did so I was glad i didn't put much]. For the meat I followed recipe minus salt, added splash of Worcestershire's sauce and 1/2 pack of dry onion soup. I fried them in skillet with butter and 2 tsp of minced garlic [from the jar] . Turned out really good [5 stars! ] with the garlic potatoes recipe from here, side was butter corn though I think green beans would be better, and sweet Hawaiian rolls. My boyfriend loved it! We'll be making this often and this is still great as leftovers! My husband loves this recipe as is. I do not eat red meat, so I make mine with ground turkey or chicken and I use Campbell's Golden Mushroom soup. I might add onion to the mixture. I have used this recipe a number of times & enjoyed it each & every time. I have substituted the french onion soup with Lipton's dry mushroom/onion or beefy onion soup mix (mixed the soup with 2 cups of water & microwaved for 2 mins) when I didn't have the canned french onion & it still is delicious. This also makes more gravy! I also add sliced, sauteed mushrooms during the final stage of simmering. Its so easy to make & a hit every time with the family! Made the gravy with cream of mushroom and french onion, and added mushrooms to it like a reviewer said. So good!!!!!!!! In my haste, I misread the french onion soup portion and thought it was dried french onion soup, so that is what I bought. I just added half the packet in the meat mixture and half in the sauce mixture and I had some sour cream on hand so I added about a cup (I tasted until I liked the flavor). What a great accident I made. It was very yummy, I will make again, but next time I'll add sauteed mushrooms. SOOOO delicious!! I double the gray and instead of using 1/4 cup water, I used beef broth!!It comes out very juicy and the gravy is out of this world. I am not a fan of meatloaf and I thought I wouldn't like this much, but I was SO wrong, it's fast and very easy.....my husband and 2 boys eat this up and they are PICKY eaters! I read reviews and changed the recipe a little. I used 1 package of Lipton dry onion soup mix. I mixed 1 tablespoon of the dry soup mix and 1/3 cup of water in the meat mixture. I browned the patties on the stove. I mixed the remainder of the onion soup mix with 1 cup of water and 1 can of cream of mushroom soup. I put the patties in a casserole dish and topped with gravy mixture. I baked in oven for 30 minutes. This was fantastic. I served with mashed potatoes. There was enough gravy for the patties and potatoes. This was very easy and quick to make. Delicious! I added a can of cream of mushroom soup to the gravy and it was a hit! I also put it in the oven for 30 minutes on 375. Perfect! I used 2lbs of hamburger and doubled the sauce because I like a lot of sauce. I also put in a packet of the dried onion soup. Everyone loved it! l l Good, solid recipe.  All the way around.  Made with mashed potatoes and corn. It's a great recipient, but I did add 1/3 can of cream of mushroom.  I had to tone down the ketchup a little. I loved this recipe!! It is delicious! I WILL NOT eat frozen Salisbury steak from a box but this recipe is a keeper, my whole family loved it! My girls and I just love it. I've already made it a few times. The ketchup made it too sweet for us. So I just don't use it. You can always dip in ketchup after it's cooked if you think you need it. I always add an extra can of the French onion soup for the gravy!!! Easy and delicious! Made it and there wasn't one complaint! That's something! Hubby loved it.  Ketchup made it too sweet for me, might try adding sour cream at end of cooking time instead of the ketchup.  Really liked the burgers and prep method.
