Best Italian Meatloaf 
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/14592/italian-style-meatloaf-i/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Mix ground beef, eggs, bread crumbs, and ketchup in a large bowl until well combined. Season with Italian-style seasoning, oregano, basil, garlic salt, diced tomatoes, and cheese. Press into a 9x5-inch loaf pan, and cover loosely with foil. Bake in the preheated oven until internal temperature reaches 160 degrees F (70 degrees C), about 1 hour. auren
This is a phenomenal recipe--one of my favorites so far from this site. I did tweak it just a little. I used a little over 2 lbs of lean ground beef cause that's what I had. I used 1 cup of italian seasoned bread crumbs and 1/2 cup of sphagetti sauce instead of the ketchup. I also used the diced tomatoes with garlic and onion. This made 2 meat loaves for me. The texture was perfect; moist but held together well and the flavor was amazing. I served it with bowtie pasta tossed with parmesan and the rest of the jar of spaghetti sauce, garlic bread and steamed veggies. This was an easy and delicious meal that my family loved! Thanks for the great recipe. Used diced cheese instead of shredded. Needed more Italian seasoning. 🧂 Easy to make and great tasting! I did use a blend of 1 lb ground beef and 1 lb sweet Italian sausage, though, also used another tip from below and used spaghetti sauce instead of ketchup - since I topped with more spaghetti sauce (hubby likes his sauce!) I find if I mix my dry spices/herbs in a small bowl and crush with my fingers before adding, they release a lot more flavor! This was delicious! My tweaks:1. Used fired roasted diced tomatoes2. Mix Italian/moz cheese3. Added 1/2 cup milk4. Added 1/4 cup chopped onion5. No garlic salt. Salt and garlic powder combo6. Topping: ketchup, touch of brown sugar, dash garlic powder and of Lewrys season salt (put on top when temp hit 160). Returned to oven and broiled a few min to finish off and thicken up sauce.7. I did drain meatloaf 3/4 way through 1 hr cook time. Cook time closer to 1 hr, 20m I've been making this for ever. I NEVER use ketchup. Always use classico. 1.5 cups Mozzarella mixed in. In glass pan cover with MORE sauce, top with 1.5 each shreaded Parmesan and Mozzarella. Bastered out most of the grease. Round 2 later. Excellent recipe, however instead of ketchup, I used pizza sauce with a pinch of sugar! I made it with 2.25 lb of the lean hamburger meat (93/7) =9 servings.   I always throw in a little extra cheese and this time I put in one extra egg yolk.Absolutely delicious!! I would put this at 3 1/2.  It was not what I expected.  I expected it to taste like a big meatball, but it was drier than that.I thought there would be too much chunky tomato, but there wasn't.  The mozzarella completely vanished.  I did use less of the herbs - 3/4 tsp instead of a full tsp for all, and I'm happy I did that.Overall, it tasted good, but I found it dry.  I would definitely put some sort of marinara sauce over the top.  It really needs it.  And I would probably put the full 2 cups of mozz into it (an 8 oz bag) as well as some parmesan.I never cook meatloaf in a loaf pan, always free form so that it's not swimming in grease, and I'm happy I did that.My husband loved it, I thought it was ok, I'll tweak it next time to make it better. I've been making this for several years now and it is a family favorite. I make it as described here except I routinely have to cook it for 90 minutes and even then it isn't over cooked. This was hands down the best meatloaf. Followed everything to a T. Instead of 1 1/2 pound beef I made it with a 1 1/2 pound mix of beef, veal and pork. Definitely will be made again in our household.
