Mushroom Meatloaf
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/14629/mushroom-meatloaf/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Set aside six whole mushrooms, then mince the rest. Mix ground beef, minced mushrooms, bread crumbs, onion, ketchup, eggs, salt, and pepper together in a mixing bowl until well combined. Spread 1/2 of the mixture into the bottom of a 9x5-inch loaf pan. Press the whole mushrooms into the meat with the stems facing down. Top with remaining meat and pat gently to combine with the bottom section. Bake in the preheated oven until no longer pink in the center, about 1 hour and 45 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C).
I'm not a big meatloaf fan but my whole family loved this as did I. I sauteed the mushrooms and onions with two large cloves of garlic and also made some garlic flavored breadcrumbs. I also make a glaze type topping from another meatloaf recipe which was 2/3 cup ketchup, 4 Tablespoons dijon mustard and 4 Tablespoons brown sugar and poured it on top before baking. It was reall great and complimented the flavor nicely. Will make again for sure. Why mince mushrooms instead of chopping them small and I wanted to know if I could use juice from mushrooms in my meatloaf This was really tasty and the meatloaf was a great texture. My only question mark was the whole mushrooms in the middle. I will make this again, but probably just chop all the mushrooms up into mixture rather than keeping some whole. I served this alongside cauliflower cheese and fresh garden peas for a delicious full meal. Way too much salt and the loaf seemed to ooze with brown slime. Bummed because I used organic ground beef for this meal. I rarely eat beef, hence the huge disappointment. I tweaked this recipe very minimally with some tips from other reviewers. I didn't place the whole mushrooms (baby bella) inside, I just cut up finely about 5 to 6 mushrooms.  I also sautéed them with the onions before adding to the mix just to make sure everything was soft.  Nothing worse than biting into a hard onion.  I also just eyeballed the ketchup, added some mustard and 1tsp of worchestershire sauce.  I did add some garlic powder because it makes everything yummy.  My dad is very picky and he said it was very good.  He usually has a critique about everything but no complaints from him.  Will make again. I improved upon this by sautéing the mushrooms and onion first. I also added some Mustard Powder and chives, and instead of Ketchup only I used half Ketchup and half BBQ sauce. Using convection bake it was done in about 1 hour. DELICIOUS!! I made this recipe with a few adds and subtracts. I sautéed the onions then added the mushrooms to the pan. I used fresh baby Bellas and fresh shiitake. I cut back the ketchup to a 1/4 cup and added a little less than a 1/4 cup of A1 steak sauce. I also increased the bread crumbs to 1 cup. After the sauté, I let the onions and mushrooms cool. This came out Fantastic!! I made this last night according to directions, except canned Italian breadcrumbs & baking @ 375. It was done to temp in an hour (yay)! It sliced OK but didn't hold together well when serving. It tasted good, except for a vinegary ketchupy kinda salty taste. It may have been my old, underused bottle of Heinz, but I won't be using ketchup next time... and there WILL be a next time! Added 1 smal green pepper and 1 small very hot red jalapeno. I made this for my girlfriend, she loved it!
