Best Ever Meatloaf with Brown Gravy
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/14644/best-ever-meatloaf-with-brown-gravy/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Combine ground beef, bread crumbs, chili sauce, egg, salt, and freshly ground black pepper in a large bowl; mix well. Press mixture into an 8x4-inch loaf pan, then place the loaf pan on a rack in a roasting pan. Bake in the preheated oven until meat is well done with no trace of pink, about 1 hour. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of the loaf should read at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C). Let rest for 10 minutes while you make gravy. Make gravy: Melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add mushrooms and onions; cook and stir until tender. Add beef broth and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Mix together water and cornstarch in a small cup; stir into broth. Cook and stir until gravy is thickened, about 1 minute.
Excellent! My very finicky husband and daughter LOVED it. I substituted seasoning salt for table salt, and since we "don't do spicy", I used worchesteshire sauce instead of chili sauce. This was the perfect quick and easy recipe. Quick, easy, delish!!! Who could ask for more??? I highly recommend! Very good! Added minced onion, 1 jalapeño & 2 eggs to meat.Added 4 garlic cloves minced to gravy. It was very thin so I added 1TBS cornstarch with beef broth to thicken. This recipe is great! I'm on a strict AIP (Autoimmune Protocol Diet) and my husband is also on a restricted diet having just beat cancer's butt! I substituted the chili sauce with a mix of my homemade "Nomato" sauce and some horseradish (no peppers or tomato on my diet); substituted arrowroot starch for the cornstarch and gluten free panko for the bread crumbs.  For any of my dietary restricted people, this came out absolutely fabulous! Add about 10 minutes to the cooking time to compensate for the liquid in the Nomato sauce compared to chili sauce.  Excellent recipe! Perfect for the whole family!Easy and delicious 😋 This recipe is so easy!!!! My go-to meatloaf recipe - better than Mom's AND better than my ex-wife's! I followed it to the letter for the gravy ,it came out great.I did blend it in my Vita Mix than reduced it.
