General Tao Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/146579/general-tao-chicken/
Gather the ingredients. Coat chicken pieces with cornstarch in a bowl; set aside. Beat eggs, salt, and pepper in a mixing bowl until combined. Stir in flour and baking powder until no large lumps remain. Mix in chicken pieces until evenly coated. Heat vegetable oil in a large skillet or wok over high heat. Cook chicken in hot oil until golden brown and no longer pink on the inside, about 12 minutes. Set chicken aside; keep warm. Make sauce: Reduce heat to medium-high; add green onion, ginger, and sesame oil to the skillet. Cook and stir until onion is limp and ginger begins to brown, about 1 minute. Pour in water, sugar, and vinegar; bring to a boil Dissolve cornstarch in soy sauce in a small bowl and stir into vinegar mixture along with oyster sauce and ketchup. Cook until sauce has thickened and is no longer cloudy. Stir in chicken; simmer until heated through.
I have been searching for THE General Tso (Tao) Chicken recipe, and have tried numerous recipes to no avail. This one still was not quite it, but with some changes it was the closest I've come yet. I'd give it a 5, but I had to modify the recipe significantly - still though, the results were DELICIOUS. Perhaps it isn't fair to take off a star if I didn't even follow the recipe exactly, but I wanted to avoid the negative results other reviewers had. Here are my changes: reduce vinegar to 3 Tbsp and ketchup to 2 Tbsp, to get rid of the sour and ketchupy tastes. Reduce ginger to about 1 Tbsp (that's just personal preference) and add a couple of cloves of garlic (this is the first General Tso's chicken recipe I've seen that didn't have garlic). Increase soy sauce to 1/4 cup. Add 1/4 cup of sherry. And I like it hot, so I added a Tbsp or so crushed red pepper and a few red chiles. Also, the oyster sauce is important - don't skip that ingredient. I stir-fried broccoli and sugar snap peas with the green onions and served on white rice. Like I said it still wasn't exactly restaurant quality but it was very close. My gf and I were VERY happy with how it turned out. EDIT: To the people complaining about the batter - I've found the chicken is better baked and MUCH EASIER. Marinate for ~3 hrs in sriracha, soy, and garlic powder. Bake covered for 10 minutes at 400, then another 15-20 at 350. Don't let it get too dry. This can result in a lot of extra sauce, so make plenty of rice. I substituted the ginger with fresh diced Jalapeno. Yummy! I will make this again. This recipe is awesome. Just need to adjust the batter recipe. Make the batter as it states but sub out oil for 4 oz of seltzer, soda or beer to the batter. Don’t soak the chicken in the batter just dip chicken in batter then put in to fryer. Using spatula gently move chicken around so it doesn’t stick to each other. When the chicken floats it’s done. Drain on rack and then mix into sauce gently There's a million ingredients,  so gather all of them before starting. I went light on the ketchup and sugar. Definitely double the sauce. Didn't exactly taste like restaurant General Tsos, but was still amazing! Definitely will make it again. Served with rice rice and grilled vegetables. It was really good. I used fish sauce instead of oyster i figured it was the same thing and that’s what i had…i will definitely be cooking this again I was surprised how it all came together. I didn't think it would taste as good when I was cooking it. The only thing I'll do next time is have all the ingredients measured all out, otherwise thought it tasted better fresh! Made this twice and it was a big hit.  Didn’t change a thing other then add some broccoli to the final stage of the sauce when making before adding chicken in.  Will definitely add this to my box of recipes. Delicious! The chicken was very moist and the sauce delicious. We used more oil to cook the chicken since we were using a large ceramic pot and not a wok. We used regular onion and added a green pepper. By mistake we did not follow the recipe instructions for the sauce but it still turned out great. Will definitely make again! This recipe is delicious. I cut back on the green onion and substituted Hoison sauce but otherwise made it just like the recipe. I have very picky kids and they loved it. We did not have any leftovers. so yummy and easy to make.instead of making the sauce, I bought the VH General Tao sauce.easier if you don't always have all ingredients at home
