Slow Cooker Beef Stew
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/14685/slow-cooker-beef-stew-i/
Gather all ingredients. Place beef in the slow cooker. Mix flour, salt, and pepper together in a small bowl; pour over beef and stir until coated. Add beef broth, carrots, potatoes, onion, celery, Worcestershire sauce, paprika, garlic, and bay leave; stir to combine. Cover, and cook until beef is tender enough to cut with a spoon, on Low for 8 to 12 hours, or on High for 4 to 6 hours. Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO
I made this stew for the first time using Corinne's suggestion. The stew turned out great! The next week, I made the stew following the exact recipe (minus the celery, since I didn't have any); and I must say that the stew turned out EVEN BETTER when following the exact recipe. (Also, I didn't have as many dishes to wash.) This stew is SO DELICIOUS. Next time I make this you can bet I will follow the recipe EXACTLY AS WRITTEN. Been making this lovely stew for years, very easy to throw together especially as you don’t have to brown the meat, which I have tried before and preferred it when it wasn’t browned.I leave out the potato and serve with mash instead.I add two heaped teaspoons of beef gravy granules at the end to thicken and flavour.I also add mushrooms and other veg sometimes.I always make double what I need so I can freeze a portion. A great easy recipe that will satisfy the whole family. I agree with the previous post, needs more flavor so I increased salt (1 1/2 tsp, 1 tsp pepper, garlic (4 gloves) & Worchester amounts. I also added some garlic powder to the flour mixture. Picked this recipe due to the reviews. I've been cooking professionally for 14 years and I always enjoy using a recipe to work with for extra inspiration, so I used this for some stew. Added sweet potato, some garlic powder, anise and cumin...lookin forward to the results here in a few hrs on this fine superbowl sunday. My changes after making this a few times were to brown my meat in bacon grease ( like my Grandmother did )and add a can of petite diced tomatoes just because it made the flavor more like my Grandmother's beef stew. This is better the next day so I always make it a day ahead. Thank you for sharing your recipe!!!!!! I cook my potatoes separate and add after the stew is done as we like firmer potatoes. I like to get my ingredients to boiling then place in a 225 degree oven for 5-6 hours. The meat comes out very tender and the flavors are blended. For the person complaining there was not enough vegetables and gave this great recipe a low rating for goodness sake, just add the amount of vegetables you want. I have served this to large gatherings at home in the winter with rave reviews. The men especially love it. Excellent base recipe. I have a stovetop stew I love but it's so much work and babysitting, so what I did was port over differences in the seasonings ( 1/2 tsp each of ground thyme and rosemary) and I cooked a rue on the stovetop instead of just throwing raw flour in. So delicious and easy. This was really nice. I tasted it after about 4 hrs on high and felt it did need something so I added a couple of heaped teaspoons tomato paste, decent sprinkle of dried thyme and half a beef stock cube. Cooked for a further 2.5 hrs on high. Served with rice. Delicious. made this yesterday. very good stew. the best i have made. i tweaked it a bit. i mixed the flour and spices in a ziploc. put the meat in and coated it. then browned it a few minutes in a skillet. then i put it in crockpot and added other ingredients.. i added an extra bayleaf, extra salt and pepper, an extra teaspoon of worcestershire, alot of extra veggies, and an extra cup of broth. was delicious. i think it is great too start with and adjust it to your taste. this is a definite keeper. I seared the beef first (seasoned with salt and pepper) then sauted a cup full of diced onions, celery and carrots in the same pan (after meat was taken out and put in the crock pot). Added this to the crock pot. Deglazed the pan with some of the beef stock. Added that to the crock pot. Then I added the rested of the ingredients to the crock pot. (I didn't flour the meat, I added some flour at the end (mixed with some cold water - used about a teaspoon to thicken it). Delicious and super easy!! I put my beef in the Crock Pot still frozen, omitted the bay leaf, did half the beef and double the veggies, and used a little bit more chicken stock than what it called for and this turned fabulous!! The flavor was wonderful and coming home from work and smelling this was the perfect way to end my day. It literally took me under 10 minutes in the morning to make this and then once I got home I popped a few frozen dinner rolls in the oven and dinner was finished! I can't recommend this recipe enough. This was a great recipe. I did follow the advice of some of the reviews. I used 2 cloves of garlic, 2 bay leaves and 1/3 cup of wine. I was surprised how good it came out, the meat fell apart. With no doubt I will make this again Really quick and easy prep and amazing taste I don't use celery for anything else,so i don't use it here, and I add a small can of peas about 15 minutes before the end (they dissappear if you put then in at the beginning).Been making a very similar version for years. Works great in slow cooker. This recipe is pretty solid as written, but it's just bland for my taste (fine for kids and picky eaters).  About 4 hours into the slow cook (crock pot on low), I tasted the broth and thought it needed more flavor, so I went ahead and started adding things to taste. Here are my additions, which I would use again:- Two more chopped garlic cloves (for a total of 3).- another 1/2 tsp black pepper (for a total 1 tsp).- About 2/3 cup Pinot Noir. I think any medium-dry red would be fine.- 1 tsp chopped fresh thyme.- 1 tsp dark miso paste.The result was a deeper, more complex flavor that perfectly suited my family. We served it with a toasted baguette, garlic butter, and another bottle of Pinot Noir. I altered the recipe I added 1/2 teaspoon of Tyme, dry mustard, basil, paprika I cup of red mwine, 4tsp minced garlic also added 4 cups of Peeled off of corn cobs 5 1/2  hrs on low it came out heavenly as my wife says I agree with other comments that it needs something more. Someone said it’s just a bit too “stewy” which I totally get. I did take the extra step suggested in video and browned the beef in a pan first. While the meat was tender and all cooked perfectly  8hrs on low, the flavor profile is lacking. I normally use a different recipe  with similar ingredients but that includes tomato paste & thyme which myself and family love. I just  wanted  to try a different recipe for a change but will not be follow  this recipe again.
