Spooky Witches' Fingers
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/146819/spooky-witches-fingers/
Place softened butter, sugar, egg, almond extract, and vanilla extract in a mixing bowl; beat together with an electric mixer until smooth. Gradually add flour, baking powder, and salt, continually beating until combined; refrigerate dough for 20 to 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Lightly grease baking sheets. Remove dough from refrigerator in small amounts. Scoop 1 heaping teaspoon at a time onto a piece of waxed paper. Use the waxed paper to roll the dough into a thin finger-shaped cookie. Press one almond into one end of each cookie to give the appearance of a long fingernail. Squeeze cookie near the tip and again near the center of each to give the impression of knuckles. You can also cut into the dough with a sharp knife at the same points to help give a more finger-like appearance. Arrange the shaped cookies on the baking sheets. Bake in the preheated oven until the cookies are slightly golden in color, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove the almond from the end of each cookie; squeeze a small amount of jam or red decorating gel into the cavity; replace the almond to cause the jam to ooze out around the tip of the cookie. llrecipes Magazin
I made these cookies for my son's school party and they were a great hit. We added green food coloring to the dough and when I took them out of the oven I added a single chocolate chip for a wart. We also added red gel food coloring for the severed end of the finger. The cookies do enlarge when baked (almost double the thickness) so make sure you don't make them to round when you are rolling them out. The cookie flavor was good on top of looking great, thanks for a fun recipe. These were so much fun to make! Between batches in the oven,  I put the cookie sheet in the refrigerator. I think it helps them keep their shape.  I also used toasted almonds for their great flavor and strawberry jam. 🎃 I have been making this recipe for years  for my Halloween party and they are a huge hit! They are a perfect butter cookie. You do have to make them smaller than you think since the dough expands when baking, but overall such a yummy cookie! Absolutely SCRUMPTIOUS!! These buttery cookie fingers were easy to make (even for this self-proclaimed non-baker!)! They turned out a little larger than I had hoped, but they still look oh so festive! Need to make them much thinner as they grow in size as they bake.  I used raspberry jam to add blood effect and flavour. Perfect recipe I Itried it with pre-made cookie dough and they didn't  keep it sshap.This recipe was great taste good This recipe is great and is always a hit at parties. I think it's important to note unsalted butter is best and it's ideal if you can put your sculpted cookies into the freezer for 5 minutes immediately before baking.I use a little bit of brown food coloring mixed in water that I brush on for an older look.I also use this recipe for decorated sugar cookies. I read all the reviews and followed most suggestions, chilled the dough overnight, and still wound up with ogre fingers because the dough spread so much. I don’t have room to put the loaded cookie sheet in the fridge after shaping but before baking. Any other ideas? I have half the dough left and am not sure how to avoid this. The dough did get very soft as it warmed up, which happened quickly. Done right, these cookies are remarkable, and I really want to get them right. Pretty good! Should add a note on how to make them stay skinny as mine seemed to expand a bunch and didn't really turn out like pointy fingers :/. Tasted great though! I made these twice. The first time they were very bland and a bit salty, and spread into more like ogre toes than witch fingers. The second time we added sliced almond nails, spirulina  green food coloring, doubled both the almond and vanilla extract, and omitted the leavening agent. They were much improved the second time even without additional sugar. Be mindful of baking time and remove as they get very lightly browned, otherwise they will be dry. I have made witch fingers before with a mandelhöernchen cookie dough when I have marzipan on hand and I think I prefer that version, however this version came together very quickly and might be more palatable for kids especially if you make them more flavorful by increasing the extracts.
