Caramel Apple Pork Chops
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/14692/caramel-apple-pork-chops/
Place a medium baking dish into the oven and preheat to 175 degrees F (80 degrees C). Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Brush chops lightly with oil and place into the hot pan. Cook until no longer pink in the center, 5 to 6 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). Transfer to the baking dish in the preheated oven to keep warm. Stir brown sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, salt, and pepper together in a small bowl. Melt butter in a skillet over medium-low heat. Stir in apples and brown sugar mixture. Cover and cook until apples are just tender, about 5 minutes. Leaving the sauce in the skillet, remove apples with a slotted spoon and arrange over pork chops; keep warm in the oven. Continue to cook sauce, uncovered, until thickened slightly, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove pork chops from the oven. Spoon sauce over top and sprinkle with pecans.
I first grabbed this recipe in 2003 and have been making it ever since. I have made a few alterations/shortcuts I thought others might like to know. 1) I throw the chops in a marinade overnight of 2x apple juice to soy. The sweet and salt help make the chops even juicer. 2) I always make at least double if not 4 times the sauce or there is arguing... :) so when time is short or I just don't feel like peeling all those apples, I buy 2 cans of the higher priced pie filling and put that in the frying pan used for browning with a stick of butter.(scrape up the good bits.) It usually has the right amount of spices built right in so I just heat through. Arrange over top the chops in a baking pan. Bake covered in foil at 350 for 20-25 minutes. Remove foil - sprinkle with brown sugar and chopped pecans - bake 15 mins more for carmelize and crunch. DELICIOUS! Pairs great with butternut squash or sweet potatoes and corn or green beans. Homemade honey wheat bread is sure to disappear. I pour all pan juices over the servings for mopping. Every year when the weather turns cold here, the family starts asking "Is it time for apple pork chops??" :) Added some carmelized walnuts to mine   This was quick and easy with mashed and peas Didn’t change a thing, just doubled the sauce! It was ok Good recipe.  I bumped up the spices by 50% which worked well (for me).   Take care not to overdo the pork chops, and best to cover them while they are keeping warm in the oven.  I did not get a lot of sauce out of it, but am fine with that as the apples lent it enough moisture.  I will make this again. Quick, delicious and inexpensive dinner entree. I loved this recipe.  Simple to make and delicious.  Makes a nice presentation and goes well with sweet potatoes and other fall vegetables. My favorite thing about this dish is the apples. They are delicious and complement the pork chop so well! I wish the pork chop had more seasoning on it. The directions never said to even salt and pepper them, but I did as I cooked them. I omitted the step of cooking the sauce longer at the end because I didn’t think it was needed. I will make this again but with a few tweaks. Quick, easy and delicious. Based on other reviews I added an extra apple. Will definitely make again. I think a 1/4 tspn of apple pie spice would work as well as 1/8 tspn of nutmeg & cinnamon. Made with peas and mashed potatoes. We loved this recipe. The second time we made, I added a small dollop of caramel apple dip before adding apples. Delicious!
