Delicious Egg Salad
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/147103/delicious-egg-salad-for-sandwiches/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place eggs in a saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring water to a boil and immediately remove from heat. Cover and let eggs stand in hot water for 10 to 12 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove from hot water, cool, peel, and chop. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place chopped eggs in a bowl; stir in mayonnaise, green onion, and mustard. Season with paprika, salt, and pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir and serve on your favorite bread, crackers, or salad greens. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Very good! I subbed pickels for the green onion and used dijon mustard. I liked the addition of paprika. Served it on a bun with lettuce, tomato, and a few more pickle planks. Thanks Wifey!! Delicious!!! I added a few strips of chopped nitrate-free turkey bacon. My family isn't too crazy about a lot of mayo, so I started with 2 tablespoons my first time, then added a tablespoon at a time until I liked the consistency. Also, for those watching their sodium levels, I didn't add any and it still tasted great. I served this on toasted brioche bread. I've made this recipe twice now, and this time around, I tripled the ingredients of the recipe for those who asked for seconds. Thank you for posting and sharing ! Good recipe. I added 8 dashes of hot sauce and 2 Tbls pickle relish. Then used my hand mixer to blend it. Made great sandwiches! I was tasked with making egg salad for my boyfriends mom coming over tomorrow. This seemed easy and so I settled on it. I woulda went 3 but boyfriend says 4 so I went to that due to him and well inspiration. I realized with never making it before I needed to do it like we like deviled eggs basically. First go I made as is (hence the 3) then second time dialed back the mayo and added way more mustard and vinegar. Way more like our taste. Thank you for sharing. Won’t make as it says but will to our personal taste more tangy. Also added some onion powder, garlic powder, cayenne and a tiny bit of lemon juice to this recipe. Yum! Added 3 stalks celery , more green onion , 2tsp dill ,1tsp salt and pepper ,everything else the same , very good on croissants I'd never thought to add mustard, and it was a good addition. When my eggs are done cooking I dump the hot water and crack the shell of each egg as I add it to cold water - then I shell them under running cold water, laying them on a towel and wiping dry before using the pastry blender to chop them in a bowl - makes the job so much easier! Also, use cooking onion instead of green onions. I do prefer the stronger taste. At 72 yrs old it's still nice to learn new ways of doing things. This is a good basic recipe. But, because I was quadrupling the recipe and making it the day before for a crowd, and because I like some crunch and zip to my egg salad, I made these changes: I used onion powder so the onions wouldn't weep, added some chopped celery (dried well on paper towels) and some pickle relish well-drained and blotted on paper towels. The salad stayed a nice thick texture that way. I also added a light shake of cayenne pepper to the mix! This is a great base. I substituted with dijon mustard and ground dried onion since I did not have any green onions. I also added paprika, pepper and lemon dill seasoning. Also, a touch of sweet relish. Served it on a toasted onion bun. Yummm! It's definitely a good recipe to get you where you needed to be! I used miracle whip instead of mayo and added a half cup of salsa to give it a little bit of zip! Came out great! I did not have green onions. I substituted dill relish to taste, and to crunch. I also used spicy brown mustard instead of yellow prepared. Great googly moogly, this was delicious! I will be making it again, and again. For the low carbers, it can be served over lettuce, on slices of cheese, or cold cuts, or it will stand well as a side dish. Try it with slices of cheese, and avocado for a completely hunger crushing lunch. I made pretty much as is but left out the onions and used less mustard. Just made it,  no changes. Different type of egg salad but tasty. No onions for me. I used a bit of onion powder and that was more mild. I also add just a tiny splash of Dill pickle juice to get it a little tang. Excellent and easy as written! good recipe
