Souvlaki
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/14713/souvlaki/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix oil, soy sauce, lemon juice, garlic, and oregano together in a large glass bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add pork, onions, and bell peppers, and stir until coated. Cover and refrigerate for 2 to 3 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil the grate. Remove pork and vegetables from marinade and shake off excess; thread onto skewers. Discard remaining marinade. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook on the preheated grill, turning frequently, until pork is no longer pink in the middle, 10 to 15 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio
Excellent.I served it with my own recipe for tzatziki sauce...1/2 container sour cream1/4 cucumber, shredded and drained3 cloves garlic, shredded1 teaspoon dill weedsalt to tasteMix, then let sit for an hour and then mix again...very garlicy and yummy...I used it on everything (hamburgers as a topping, dipping sauce, wraps, etc) You will ove it! Wow!!!!  Loved this.   I did make a few changes, used boneless skinless chicken thighs, added a splash of white wine vinegar and used a bit less oil. Made as directed, marinated 4 hours and served at a BBQ, with tzatziki. I didn't put the ingredients on a skewer, I cut them more lengthwise and grilled them so they could better fit into Naan breadI chose a wider variety of veggies as well Man did this turn out authentic, just like in our favorite Greek restaurants. I made two minor changes (sorry, I hate when people make big changed. These are small.). I added just a splash of white wine vinegar because I taste that in all the shish kebobs in Greek places. Two, I don't like my veggies crispy like most kebobs. I precut them and micro waved for 1.5 minutes just to soften them up. Then I marinated them and they soaked up the marinade much more. I used pork tenderloin which works very well with kebobs because it's hard to overcook. Once you see the edges browned to your liking, take them out and they are done. I served this with two other recipes on this site; baked Greek Style Lemon Potatoes and Spanakorizo (rice and spinach). Wow. Everything turned out near perfect, a rarity. Can't wait to try it with chicken thighs or tenderloin.  So easy and delicious. This just got added to my favourites go to.   True Greek night with roasted potatoes and buttery carrots. Grilling Perfection!This recipe is fun and easy to make.  Skewers with like-size pieces of pork, onion and peppers cook evenly and therefore is easier to judge the grill time.I oiled the grill prior to cooking to reduce the food sticking and ease the ability to rotate the skewers frequently.The pork and vegetables did have a lovely grill flavor and crispiness that made it a pleasure to eat, while maintaining tenderness and juiciness.I served this Souvlaki dish with Near East Rice and it was the perfect light and flavorful meal.I used red and yellow peppers for color and more mild flavor than green peppers. was very good.  I marinaded the chicken for 8 hrs. We unfortunately couldn't grill them so I made them on the stove.  My daughter wanted to eat this with rice so I made extra marinade to pour on top of the rice w. the tzatziki sauce. excellent marinade! Yes, I know there’s no soy sauce in Greek cuisine, this is still an awesome marinade for pork, chicken, beef, or lamb. Simple to make, if you don’t have a grill, you can do them in the oven or even your stove top. Serve on rice, by themselves with roasted veggies, or even in a warm pita or naan with tzatziki and sautéed onions. Versatile dish with lots of possibilities. Outstanding. Was so curious to try it because of the soy sauce. How UnGreek. What a surprise. This is delicious and tastes authentic.  The meat is incredibly tender and the acid of the lemon juice is mellowed. It must be the soy sauce because that’s the only difference from the usual. Try it. It’s fantastic.
