Filipino Ribs
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/14756/filipino-ribs/
Place ribs in a large stock pot with the 2 wedged onions, 4 tablespoons of soy sauce, pepper, and star anise pods. Add water and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium low, cover, and let simmer in meat juices until ribs are tender when pierced, about 1 ¼ hours. Stir occasionally. Meanwhile, heat oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add remaining chopped onion and sauté, stirring often, until onion is soft. Blend in the ginger, honey, sugar, Worcestershire sauce, lemon juice, and remaining 2 tablespoons of soy sauce. Cook all together, stirring, until well blended. Remove from heat. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Using tongs, remove ribs from the stock pot and arrange in a single layer in an 11x16-inch baking dish. Brush evenly with honey mixture and bake in the preheated oven, basting often with pan drippings, about 30 minutes or until ribs are well glazed.
This recipe was great. Sweet, but not artificial tasting. Unfortunately, the recipe omits what kind of liquid to "bring to a boil". Pretty sure it's not the 4T of soy sauce. I just used a couple cups of water and it was fine. I also wished they described the consistency of the honey sauce to know when it is done. I tried to reduce it some and let it simmer only about 5 minutes. I love this recipe! A bit time consuming, but not difficult. Perfectly fun recipe now that I’m Covid-working from home. Did not have star anise on hand, but was still delicious! Kids and hubby loved it too. This is an amazing recipe!  Makes the perfect cornbread! I used Two star anise, thumbs up. These ribs were fabulous!  Made with 3 pounds of ribs and did everything else as written.  I did incorporate a few suggestions though.  Added 1/2 c. water to braising pot.  Added 1/4 c. braising liquid to  sauce.  Added 1/4 tsp. red pepper flakes to sauce.  Everything was so easy and delicious.  Had just the right amount of sauce--only 1 Tbs. left when they were done.  While I was waiting for the oven to preheat, I just set the ribs, meat side down, in the pan of sauce and let them soak (I also basted several times) while the oven heated.   Then, basted every 8 minutes for a total of 32 minutes cooking time in the oven.  Beautiful mahogany color, tender yet still with a little chew.  For us, this was dinner for two; it was a half a slab each and we thoroughly enjoyed.  Three pounds probably amounts to 4 regular servings.  I'll be sharing this recipe with lots of family and friends.  They're gonna love it!  Oh, yeah.  I saved the braising liquid and onions and I think I'll make a pot of rice with it.  We'll see.  Too good to toss.  Don't forget to line your pan with foil--you'll be sorry if you don't. Sweet and fall off the bone great. I did like them but I would use only 2 star anise for the flavor to me was overly powerful.  I can see that the next I will like them a lot better though!  Will make them again with less star anise and know the family would like them. Usually I read reviews first, but didn't this time- slight mistake. I cut the recipe in half and followed it exactly, inculuding NOT adding extra liquid (broth or water) when boiling the ribs. They still came out moist and tasty.  It's time consuming, but easy. The ribs are way too sweet for me, but flavorful and delicious otherwise. Love it ..! We have made this recipe over 10 times over the years...always stick to the original recipe and we are never disappointed.   I have never had leftovers.
