Banana Bran Zucchini Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/147988/banana-bran-zucchini-bread/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 9x13 inch baking pan. Stir together the pumpkin, banana, egg, and egg whites in a large bowl. Beat in maple syrup, sugar, and vanilla; the batter should be a bit frothy. Stir in zucchini; set aside. Mix flour, bran, salt, baking soda, baking powder, cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves, ginger, and allspice in a separate bowl. Gradually add the flour mixture to the zucchini mixture, stirring just to moisten all ingredients. Over-mixing the batter will make it tough. Pour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 50 to 60 minutes. Cool completely before cutting into squares.
Very Moist and great taste with no added fat (i.e.butter/oil) - wow ! I just had to rate this recipe after trying it so that everyone else would try it too ! I made 48 mini muffins out of this recipe (cooking time 13 min) and they turned out wonderfully. Modifications were: I put in two whole eggs instead of separating, used normal organic whole wheat flour, cut out the allspice, used only 1/2 cup maple syrup (the real stuff). I froze them and put them in lunches for my little girl and husband - they both love them - and I do too. DELICIOUS oat bran muffins! FIBER and flavor.  Had no banana, so I used an extra half cup of canned pumpkin, and had no ginger, so I substituted with 1 teaspoon of cardamom.  Added half  cup of chopped walnuts and half  cup of raisins which created fabulous mouth-texture. Great recipe! Thank you! Very delicious - used basic recipes, but substituted for what I had on-hand.  For sweetness, 1/2 cup brown sugar, 1/4 cup Stevia, 1 cup candied pecans. Replaced pumpkin by using more bananas. Used 2 eggs. Instead of a full cup of bran, I used 1/2 cup bran and 1/2 cup oat flour. NOTE: To make oat flour, I placed oats in a food processor and blended.  These made 12 yummy healthy muffins. Very moist, great recipe. I also added a cup of chocolate chips, one cup of nuts and a half cup of blueberries. Turned out excellent Oh my goodness!! This will be one of my favorites! It is so good! Delicious and healthy! I didn't have whole wheat pastry flour so I used half pastry flour and half whole wheat all purpose flour. Alike other reviews I used 2 whole eggs and decreased the maple syrup to 3/4 cup. I topped it with crushed walnut pieces, ~1/4 cup, which added a great crunch but also looked great presentation wise. Excellent, dense, high fiber, low sugar, relatively fat free and DELICIOUS!  Substitutions I made by necessity were:  2 c bananas, 1 c zucchini, no pumpkin.  By choice 3/4 c maple syrup, 3 Tbsp coconut sugar,  2 whole eggs, 20% coconut flour, 2/3 c chopped walnuts, extra spice.  This is incredibly moist and delicious.  Far healthier than your routine banana bread.  I did large muffins and baked for 35 min.  at 350'.   It made 10. This is a fantastic recipe that is easily adaptable and I'm very happy with it. Will definitely be trying this one again.My edits are as follows:Applesauce in place of all the pumpkin and half of the maple syrup (total = 3/4 cup of unsweetened applesauce)cut the maple syrup to 1/2 cup (see above)I grated two medium zucchini and ended up with closer to 3 cups than 2. worked perfectly with above modifications.For the flour I used what I had - a mix of whole wheat flour, oat bran flour and almond meal. I only had whole cloves so I used my coffee grinder (after cleaning of course) to grind them myself.  Ended up with a little too much so this bread is on the spicy side but its delish! Bonus - extra yummy coffee coming up this weekend ;)Lastly, I split this between a 6-cup muffin tin and a 9x5 loaf pan. So I got muffins and bread. Nice!Next time I will try not to forget the golden raisins and walnuts and will add some grated carrot in addition to the zucchini. Was very disappointed in the flavor as I thought it would be more like a spice cake. I cut back on the maple syrup, but the family loved the bread.
