Slow Cooker Carolina BBQ
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/148544/slow-cooker-carolina-bbq/
Place pork shoulder into a slow cooker and season with salt and pepper. Pour vinegar around the pork. Cover, and cook on Low for 12 hours. Pork should easily pull apart into strands. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove pork from the slow cooker and discard any bones. Strain off the liquid, reserving 2 cups (discard any extra). Shred pork using tongs or two forks, and return to the slow cooker. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir brown sugar, hot pepper sauce, cayenne pepper, and red pepper flakes into the reserved liquid. Mix into pork in the slow cooker. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cover and keep on Low setting until serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio
This was some incredible BBQ with some incredibly nasty vinegar smell for the first 10 hours of cooking! Thank God we were taking the final product to someone else's house. After the pork was drained, shredded and all the other ingredients got added the smell got a lot better. All we added after that was 2-3 Tbsp. of liquid smoke which I highly recommend. The end product tastes like something from a BBQ Smokehouse Restaurant. I served this with Creamy Spiced Coleslaw and Sweet Cornbread from this site and it was gone in no time. I can't wait to make this again. We'll just be putting the slow cooker in the garage! Going to make it Fabulous, I get requests for it often. So easy and the house smell delicious while it is cooking. It makes an ample amount and freezes well, just thaw and add some chicken broth to refresh it. Absolutely loved it I did a boneless roast 3 lb 6 hours in the crock pot did one tablespoon of the hot sauce added liquid smoke absolutely delicious We love this bbq! Didn’t change a thing. Made this for a 4th of July party I threw last summer. Made two pork butts and it fed at least 30 people with second servings and a tray of leftovers. A hit! Wish i had made a lot of changes. Never had Carolina bbq and if this is what it is like will never be brave enought to have it again.. i like spicy foods but not thie spicy....wasted a pork roast no one in ny familt will eat This is one of the best recipes for pulled pork. I’ve made it 5 times now and I receive the best compliments. I add Honey and Worcestershire sauce. I've been making variations of this recipe for years and it's definitely one of my favorites.
