Super-Simple, Super-Spicy Mongolian Beef
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/148831/super-simple-super-spicy-mongolian-beef/
Whisk together soy sauce, hoisin sauce, sesame oil, sugar, garlic, and red pepper flakes in a large bowl. Toss beef with marinade; cover the bowl and refrigerate for 1 hour to overnight. Heat peanut oil in a wok or large, nonstick skillet over high heat. Cook and stir green onions in hot oil for 5 to 10 seconds. Remove beef from marinade and add to green onions in the wok; discard marinade. Cook and stir until beef is no longer pink and begins to brown, about 5 minutes.
This was awesome. I marinated the meat for 24 hours. Instead of red pepper flakes I used 1 Tbl of Mongolian Fire Oil, which added a hint of fire but nothing you need a drink close by for. I also cooked half a white onion, half a red onion, 1/2 a cup of left over red bell pepper and some julienned carrots. Cooked the Onions and Peppers separately in a Tbl. Sesame oil and a Tbl. of Mongolian Fire oil (found in the Asian section of your local grocery) and a Tsp of minced garlic. I used sirloin instead cutting into thin strips. Mixed the Veggies back in at the end and then served it over Oven Brown Rice (found on this side). I have an excellent local Mongolian restaurant we love, sad to say I can now make it better, cheaper, and faster at home. This dish is defiantly going into the dinner rotation! Easy to make. Delicious. This recipe is spicy. It wasn’t too spicy for me but it might be for others. Nice very nice I use reduced salt soy sauce yet it was still too salty. I also reduced the pepper flakes to a teaspoon, glad I did. I’d have to reduce the soy sauce if I make it again. I decreased the red pepper flakes to 1 teaspoon and added 3 cut up baby bok choy for more veggies. Made for the first time and I added, peppers, onions and snow peas...husband loved it.  My only concern was the sodium as was salty.  Any way to make it less salty? I used the Braggs amino and Hoison sauce. I added some brown sugar and pepper. Marinated for a day. Came out nicely. So easy and flavorful, this one tastes a lot like good takeout/has been added to my regular rotation. Wonderful - an instant hit.   A little less on the red-pepper flakes. Used oyster sauce instead of hoisin , as I was out.   Sauteed bamboo shoots, bean sprouts and green onions in sauce. it was delicious! The only thing I did, based on other rivers is double the marinade so we would have more sauce.  I didn’t use as much crushed red pepper
