Fish Tacos with Honey-Cumin Cilantro Slaw and Chipotle Mayo
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/149052/fish-tacos-with-honey-cumin-cilantro-slaw-and-chipotle-mayo/
Place tilapia in a flat dish; pour 1/2 cup lime juice on top. Cover and refrigerate at least 4 hours. Meanwhile, make honey-cumin sauce by whisking together 1/3 cup lime juice, honey, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, and ground cumin in a small bowl; set aside until needed. To make chipotle mayonnaise dressing, place mayonnaise, chiles, adobo sauce, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and cayenne pepper in the bowl of a food processor; pulse until smooth. Cover and refrigerate until needed. Place flour, eggs, and panko crumbs in three separate shallow dishes. Season tilapia pieces with salt and pepper to taste; dip in flour to coat evenly and shake off any excess. Then dip in eggs to coat, then panko crumbs, patting to help bread crumbs hold. Set breaded pieces aside on a plate. Heat 1 cup vegetable oil in a deep skillet to 365 degrees F (185 degrees C). Cook fish in hot oil, turning until all sides are golden brown, and flesh is easily flaked with a fork; drain on paper towels and brush with honey-cumin sauce. Mix coleslaw and cilantro together in a bowl. Reserve 1/4 cup chipotle mayonnaise dressing, and pour remaining dressing over coleslaw mixture; toss to coat. Place tortillas on a flat surface, and spread each with 1 tablespoon of reserved chipotle mayonnaise dressing. Divide fish pieces between tortillas. Top with cilantro coleslaw.
This recipe is absolutely delicious. The BEST fish tacos my husband and I have ever had, hands down...and we made them ourselves!! Do yourself a favor and give this one a try. And do follow the recipe to a "T"...use the Panko bread crumbs as they fry up so much nicer than regular bread crumbs. Also, some reviewers admitted to omitting the chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, but this ingredient is what makes chipotle mayo just that, so you musn't dismiss it! You can find small cans of these in the Latino food section of any major grocery store. The Panko crumbs can be found in the Asian section of your grocery store. The coleslaw that goes with the tacos is worthy enough to stand alone. I can't say enough about these tacos...just try them! You'll be shocked you could make something so different and delicious in your own kitchen.  This is by far the best fish taco recipe I have ever had! For us, definitely use all the chipotle and more of the juice, it will mellow with the additional toppings. I used ancho vs cayenne pepper for more of smoky flavor.  Mixed the cabbage and cilantro with thin sliced red onion and let it soften in some of the mayo sauce. Breaded the seasoned fish with flour, then egg, and lemon panko. Did the same process with sliced avocado. Deep fried for about two minutes then set aside. Its all about the toppings on a fried corn tortilla!!! Fried fish (with that honey glaze) fried avocado, seasoned cabbage mix, sour cream thinned with lime juice, thinly sliced pineapple and mango, cilantro, green onion. so good! I thought this was a fantastic recipe, it was probably the best serving of fish I've ever made. While there are many different flavors here, the flavors really come together in the end.I might change the title, the cilantro slaw is not Honey-Cumin based, its more of a chipotle mayo cilantro slaw so a little misleading... Only recipe we’ll make ! We follow recipe exactly, but  we do add aChipotle pepper sauce we love This was so good!!!My favorite Fish Taco Recipe!!! I have been making this recipe for years. It has now become our Christmas dish, since we have changed from a traditional meal to something more fun. I've never used the cilantro - only because I probably forgot about it, and I've never missed it. Great recipe! Best fish tacos ever! Restaurant flavors all around!! Ducking phenomenal!!For all y’all rule followers: don’t use the chipotle mayo as the slaw dressing! While it’s amazing and delicious to much becomes to much. Super glad I read the low reviews so I could avoid the  mistake of using the chipotle mayo as slaw dressing. I used it as a taco sauce/topper/dipper instead. Boyfriend drenched his v me where I used it sparingly.I made my own slaw dressing with regular mayo, lime/honey/cumin juice, and a tiny amount of the chipotle mayo.*used red fish bc that’s what we had in freezer. I think any white fish would work.*as seen in pic I used chipotle Mayo as a condiment that allowed me to control the amount. Also added guac as seen in pic! Topped with fresh cilantro and juice from a lime wedge. Made as written, and loved it.  The honey-cumin sauce certainly takes it over the top with flavor.  This will be made again in our home. I have been making these for over 10 years now. They are so incredibly amazing every single time! The very first time I made them they were too spicy for my taste, so I have left out the whole chipotle pepper ever since and they are perfect. Sometimes I follow the full recipe, and sometimes I make a quicker easier version, but the flavor is always amazing! These tacos are so delicious!  Follow the recipe exactly and they are perfect.  One of my very favorite meals ever!  So good!!!!!
