Butternut Squash Soup with Apple
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/149141/butternut-and-apple-harvest-soup/
Melt butter in a large pot over medium heat. Stir in leeks and onions; cook and stir until onion softens and turns translucent, about 5 minutes. Add potato, squash, carrots, apple, and chicken stock. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until vegetables are soft, about 20 minutes. Carefully purée soup in batches in a blender, or use a stick blender to purée soup in the pot. Once soup is puréed, return it to the pot and stir in wine and cream. Season with nutmeg, salt, and pepper; simmer gently for 5 minutes. Ladle into bowls and garnish with chopped chives.
Wow, this was great. I was craving a soup like the Butternut Squash soup at Bruegger's Bagels. I think this outdoes theirs. I admit I did make a few changes/additions. I used a sweet potato for the regular potato, apple cider for the wine and added a dash of ginger and cumin. Oh, and I used a Honeycrisp apple (very similar to Granny Smith but not quite as tart) instead of the Granny Smith. I will definitely be making this one again. A tip for handling the butternut squash-microwave whole for a few minutes, let cool then cut in quarters, seed, peel and cube. can this be frozen? I've made a number of butternut squash soups and this one is the best we've tried! The flavors of the other veggies/fruit makes it delicious! I followed someone else's idea to sub yogurt for the cream and it's great! I used greek yogurt instead of cream, I bought local grocery store chopped butternut squash used purple onion and purple potatoes and sweet red apples. Turkey bacon as garnish . And roasted the butternut squash gave it smokey flavor I would have prefered more spice but the texture was excellent.  I never really tasted the apple at all. I love it.  Highly recommend putting the apple in this just to bump up the flavor a bit. This is not an earthy soup, it's more of a delicate and subtle blend of Leeks, Squash and apple. So so good. I followed the recipe except for scaling it down to 2 servings. While it was good, it did seem to have too strong of an onion flavor. There are other recipes I like better. I love the combination of flavors in this soup…. The apple adds a bit of sweet, onion and leeks are savory and the carrots add another layer of flavor. I DID use the 1/4 cup of very dry white wine, and maybe a tad more. I also added cinnamon to the onion/leek butter sauté. If you are a fan of pepper, you’ll want more than what this recipe calls for. Overall, it is absolutely delicious for a light fall lunch, or a side for dinner. Great combination of ingredients, however lends itself to sweet potato, rather than white potato. I left out the leeks and it still was delicious.
