Roasted Beet Salad with Feta
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/149559/roasted-beets-with-feta/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Wrap each beet individually in aluminum foil and place onto a baking sheet. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake beets in preheated oven until easily pierced with a fork, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Allow beets to cool until you can handle them. Peel beets and cut into 1/4-inch slices. otdash Meredith Food Studio While beets are roasting, whisk shallots, parsley, olive oil, balsamic vinegar, and red wine vinegar together in a bowl until blended; season with salt and pepper and set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place warm, sliced beets onto a serving dish; pour vinaigrette over the beets and sprinkle with feta cheese. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Very, very good! It was way too hot to turn on the oven, so instead I peeled and cubed the beets, mixed together everything except the parsley and feta and wrapped in a double thickness foil pouch - roasted on the grill for about 15 minutes or so, then sprinkled with the parsley and feta. DELICIOUS! And good cold, too, as I'm still picking on the leftovers.  Made this dish for a BBQ and it was a big hit. I boiled the beets for easier preparation. I substituted the feta with a feta type spread I had. Roasted the beets wrapped in foil in my instant pot on a day too hot for the oven. So easy, no cleanup! I could have eaten at least three servings on my own I added toasted walnuts and used goat cheese rather than feta (It was what I had on hand).  This salad was heavenly!  Will be making again this week! This is really really good as is!  I used more beets than it called for and thought there was still plenty of the dressing.  Might try it on greens next time. Might be good with goat cheese too. Easy to make we used goat cheese in stead of feta I made this with freshly harvested beets from my garden. It was so good I ate 2 bowls Didn’t have any shallots, so I took the recipe submitter’s suggestion and used green onions.  I never buy red beets anymore, golden beets are just so much sweeter, so that’s what I used.  This is the type of salad that I would expect to be served at a really nice restaurant, it’s definitely upscale.  The mildly tangy dressing gives balance to the sweet beets and creamy feta.  Enjoyed for lunch today, served on a bed of lettuce and  with some garlic and chive pita chips that I bought at Aldi.  Wouldn’t hesitate to serve this to company, excellent! Doubled quantities except the red wine vinegar. After peeling and slicing the beets, drizzled with the first 1T Balsamic, 1T OO,  and 1T RWV. Roasted at 360° 7 minutes uncovered. Stirred, then drizzled 1T additional Balsamic vinegar. Roasted for another 7 minutes at 360°. The beets absorbed all the liquid. Mixed the  last 1T Balsamic and 1T OO with chopped chives and parsley, then added arugula. Used arugula as base for beets on tray. Topped beets with feta and halved gooseberries . Excellent!
