German Beef Rouladen
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/149686/german-beef-rouladen/
Spread 1/2 tablespoon mustard over one side of each piece of steak; sprinkle onion, paprika, salt, and pepper evenly over the steaks. otdash Meredith Food Studio Lay one slice of bacon on each piece; roll up steaks jelly roll-style and secure with toothpicks. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat canola oil in a skillet over medium heat; cook beef rouladen on all sides until browned. Add broth and water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low; cover and simmer until tender, about 30 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove beef rouladen; strain broth mixture and return liquid to the skillet. Whisk cornstarch and 1 cup of water together until smooth; slowly pour cornstarch mixture into the skillet, stirring continually until the sauce has thickened, 2 to 3 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in sour cream; return rolls to the sauce and serve immediately. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Pilar - I didn't add pickle because I don't care for it, but will eat it if this recipe is made that way. It doesn't matter what kind of freakin' onion you use in the recipe either. And,... finally,... a little sour cream in the gravy never hurt anyone. I am German too, and I take offense to your critique. My mother is German, and this is basically how she makes it. It's amazing I added mushrooms and a pinch of garlic to the gravy it's yummmmy Wow this Rouladen are so wrong that ain't even funny I'm german and I never in my whole live heard of making them this way, Original Rouladen have pickles and red onions in it. Also there is no sour cream in those. Thanks for the recipe, Debbie.Wishing people who have all of there fantastic changes would just submit their own recipes. P I usually pound my choice of steak then cut into 1 inch by 4 inch strips, salt and pepper and a bit of garlic powder,spread yellow mustard, a strip of bacon on each, I use whichever onion I have available at the time but I don't dice it I use thin slices , then the pickle ( I like to use a good zesty garlic pickle spear), roll them up and tooth pick them. Brown in oil , then I add a 12 ounce beer and follow up with beef broth to cover the rouladen rolls. Simmer till tender.  Once tender I remove the rolls and make a gravy using the broth left over.  Then I make latkes ( potato cakes made from grated potatoes, eggs, and flour.  Spoon gravy over the potato cakes and rouladen.   Delicious !!   My mother's family were German also. PS.... I have used sour cream in my gravy... it depends if I have it or not. Recipe is good, added diced jalapeno for a little kick like oma, quality Dijon mustard and no pickle.  Served on Spätzle with a side salad. So I finally made this after having saved the recipe a long time ago. The only changes I made were to use real onion, and to add the pickle as recommended. After tasting it, I don't know how you could omit the pickle! It made the dish. The cut of meat was very tough even after pounding and simmering, so I might try it again with a more tender cut. Raised by a German Grandmother and there was Always a pickle (kosher dill) and sour cream.  Good Recipe. Thanks DebbyO:This dish has a couple of regional versions that can be quite different (for example, the version produced nearer to Berlin tend to add cabbage, and the areas around Leipzig and the Czech border tend to use pork instead of the beef used here). This version is from the western side of Germany, probably from one of the areas near the French border. I agree with Pilar that the type of onion does make a difference: yellow onion is less common in Germany and has a milder flavor; German cooks tend to use red onions more, and red onion does produce a sharper taste that complements the pickle. German pickles are very sour, so the additional flavor profile adds another dimension to the dish, but if you don't like them, you do you.A German cook would probably substitute some quark (a sour creamy cheese) for the sour cream listed here, but that's up to the cook. German spicy mustard (sanft) also tends to have a more robust formula than dijon, which will also change the flavor quite substantially (I like it, but I'm accustomed to it, so YdY) -- you just need to make sure it gets completely combined. Others have mentioned using all beef broth instead of water; I think that improves the dish a lot.That said, this variation is quite acceptable. Thanks for sharing it. My grandmother always added a spear of dill pickle and and a stick of carrot to the rolls. No sour cream!   Always loved it! Similar to what my Dad used to make, only he used ground sausage instead of bacon.
