Almond, Apple Cinnamon Scones
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/149635/almond-apple-cinnamon-scones/
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Stir the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt together in a mixing bowl. Use two forks or a pastry blender to cut in the shortening with the flour mixture until the mixture resembles coarse corn meal. Stir in the chopped apples. Whisk 1 egg, yogurt, milk, and almond extract together in a small bowl until smooth. Stir the egg mixture into the flour mixture just until blended. Gather the dough, and place the dough on a lightly floured surface; knead 4 to 5 times. Pat dough into a 7 inch diameter circle about 1 1/2 inch thick. Cut dough into 8 wedges, and place on prepared baking sheet. To make the scone topping, whisk the milk and 1 egg together in a small bowl. Brush tops of scones with the egg mixture. Sprinkle each scone with cinnamon sugar and almonds. Bake in preheated oven until tops are golden brown, and a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Remove from oven and cool on a wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature.
I was worried that these might be dry, so I used almost a full cup of yogurt and doubled the milk. I also added 1 tsp. of cinnamon powder to the dry ingredients. I used only 1 tsp. of almond extract. Because I added more wet ingredients, the batter was very sticky, so I dropped the batter onto the cookie sheet in 12 equal portions and topped it with cinnamon sugar and chopped walnuts (didn't have any almonds).They were perfect! Light, moist and flavorful! Just what I wanted! Great recipe! The flavor is good but there was no scone crumb texture.  I think the moisture from the apples and yogurt create a very moist crumb, not what I associate with a scone, more like a cake. I guess I could have overworked the dough, but I have been making scones for 25 years and am careful not to over mix and always keep the ingredients as cold as possible.  Even my son said, "this is not a scone".  I will probably not make these again. This is a great scone recipe.  Not hard and crunchy like some recipes can be.  I didn't have any yogurt so I substituted sour cream.  When I made these a second time I used sour cream again but I shredded the apples so that we wouldn't bite into chunks of apple.  Doing this, the shredded apples added more moisture to the batter.  It changed the texture of the batter and made it more difficult to work with.  It also didn't add anything to the flavor.  They were still good though.  Next time I will use chopped apples again. These are so good! I didn’t put the almonds on top Just sprinkled a bit of cinnamon and sugar on top before cooking them The yogurt makes them so soft and moist!! Every person I’ve given these two have said they love them! they just came out of the oven.  I added an extra tsp of vanilla, 1 tsp of cinnammon and greek yogurt with a little half and half and used butter instead of shortening -- then sprinkled with cinnamon sugar before baking.  I ommited the almonds except for the extract. It came out okay and the apples with the almond extract and cinnamon is a nice combination. They do not really look very attractive but the taste is fine.  I made them as drop scones.  Next time I may add more flour and make them into biscuits, but drop scones have more moisture which is nice.  I would recommend the recipe when you are in the mood to make something sweet. I added applesauce and cinnamon to the recipe which made it really good. However if you follow this recipe to a T you will have a dry scone well true to a few other reviews my dough was sticky and almost unworkable thought it was something i had done wrong ( i had added ground flax and oat flour and whole wheat flour so somewhere in there i thought i had missed something but i added more flour and some cinnamon and alittle more baking powder and WOW they are awesome very light inside can see them drying out quickly but for now just out of the oven they are wonderful :) Taste of apple was weak. Used extra butter and more cinnamon and used toasted almonds. I am quite the rookie baker, but these turned out GREAT. i took the advice to add more yogurt, so about a cup instead of half. little bit more milk.  2 fairly large apples, the more the better for me anyways. and i didnt have almond extract so i used vanilla extract, but still used crushed almonds for the topping. Also added some cinnamon powder to the dry mix. They turned out very moist and sooo good. even my picky little 2 year old loves them! Thank you for the recipe and advice!! I have no idea what happened with these.  First time attempting scones and the finished product was good, but not at all what I expected.  The dough was sticky and more like a batter than a dough. Sticky, messy and a pain to try to knead.  I know the kneading is supposed to be minimal, but because of the stickiness I had to keep adding flour. I noticed others reviews stated numerous substitutions they made and the finished product turned out well.  I kept to the recipe and made no substitutions. Won't use this recipe again.  I'm going to try another AR recipe tomorrow and hope I have better luck.
