It's Chili by George!!
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/14985/its-chili-by-george/
Gather all ingredients. llrecipes/Qi A Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir ground beef in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain and discard grease. llrecipes/Qi A Transfer browned beef into a large pot over medium heat; stir in tomato juice, tomato sauce, kidney beans, pinto beans, onions, bell pepper, chili powder, cumin, salt, sugar, oregano, ground black pepper, and cayenne pepper. llrecipes/Qi A Bring to a boil; reduce heat to low and simmer for 1 1/2 hours. llrecipes/Qi A
I've been searching for a chili recipe that would catch my eye for a long time now. I saw this one and what caught my eye was the # of reviews, so I printed it up and tried it out. I got rave reviews on my chili yesterday, so much so that my husband brought some to his mom to try; she's Italian and she even liked it! I made a few changes as well - I replaced the tomato juice with 2 cans of plum tomatoes that I diced myself, I used dry kidney and pinto beans and soaked them in water the night before. I bought a can of chipotle peppers in tomato sauce and added two of the peppers from the can. I slow cooked overnight for 10 hours - the smell was divine, the taste - out of this world! The chipotle peppers gave the chili a slight smokey taste and an extra zing that was well recieved. This is definitely MY new chili recipe and will be going into our annual family cookbook! A good chili recipe truly hugs your soul. This recipe is such a keeper, the amount of every ingredient is just right. We loved the variety of beans and spices, even doubled the cayenne because why not. And if you substitute the beef with a plant based product then the whole recipe becomes vegan as well, great for big families with a lot of different dietary preferences. We finally used some smoked cheddar to garnish it, goes well with hearty dishes like this. My family loves it.  My kids who are grown ask me all the time mom when are u making chili. I have been using this recipe for years and it never disappoints. So happy to have found it This is our favorite Chilli recipe! We do add fresh garlic, and black beans as well. I substituted chickpeas and other beans for the ground beef. Such an easy no-fuss recipe. So glad to have found it! Pretty good. I like to use a mix of pork and sausage and I had to add more of the spices and this chili is dang tasty Such a delicious base. Substituted 15 oz can diced tomatoes for the tomato juice (we like our chili chunky as opposed to runny). Used seasoned/hot pinto beans instead of regular pinto. Everything else the same. Loved it! Followed the recipe exactly and cooked it in the slow cooker. Very easy and tasty. We will make this often. Thanks George. Mmm loved this one as did everyone else, will definitely make it again!!
