Hash Brown Casserole for the Slow Cooker
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/149855/hash-brown-casserole-for-the-slow-cooker/
Combine sour cream, processed cheese, cream of mushroom soup, onion, salt, and black pepper. Gradually stir in hash browns until evenly coated. Coat inside of a slow cooker with cooking spray or butter. Add hash brown mixture to slow cooker. Cover, and cook on High for 1 1/2 hours, then reduce heat to Low, and cook for 2 1/2 hours more.
This is a classic recipe everyone will love. I make mine a little different. Instead of cream of mushroom, I use cream of chicken and instead of processed cheese I use cheddar. It's a must try that will become a tradition. This was delicious, family favorite!! Instead of cream of mushrooms I used 2 cans cream of chicken...I used 1 bag of Shredded Colby AND 1 small bag of mozzarella...AND HAM CHUNKS. DELICIOUS!! The flavor was great and because it was in a crock pot jit stayed warm.  Super simple to make and well lovedgreg Everyone loved this dish. It's easy to make and serves a crowd. I used just 1 cup of sour cream and added 1/4 cup of butter. I also used 1 Tbls of onion flakes instead of the chopped onion.  Cooked on low for 5 hours. It turned out great! I made this for a brunch, and it was a hit!  I used sharp cheddar cheese. I also added 1,5 cups diced, cooked ham, and I can of cheese soup, undiluted. I  make it every year to go with the Christmas ham. Have doubled it to feed a mob. I always use a crock pot liner. I was looking for something simple with just a few ingredients for breakfast and I found this recipe. It's so easy to put together and it's absolutely delicious. I'm making it a second time today and I added bacon bits for a more hearty flavor. I set my timer for 1.5 hours and gave it a good stir, then again after an hour. I would be hesitant to leave this overnight, even a the low setting, because there is no sure way to determine when it's done except by the melted cheese. It won't be crunchy because it's in the slow cooker. It's delicious! I needed something I could cook over night and take to work very early in the morning.  I doubled the recipe and slow cooked on low overnight for 8 hours.   I made a cornflake topping (3 cups crushed cornflakes and 1/4 cup butter, combined and toasted in oven till cruncy) and once at work and before we all dug in, I sprinkled the cornflakes over the top.  At work I plugged the crockpot in and set to warm.  It was a huge success and was already requested for our next brunch! I've made this a couple of times for potlucks, and it's a huge hit.  I use Cream of Onion soup since I thought it was a bit bland with just the mushroom.  Since I wanted to cook overnight, I don't thaw the frozen potatoes and set on low for 8 hours with no issues.  I do prefer to make it with the Simply Potatoes refrigerated hash browns as they seem to hold their texture a bit better.   (The frozen final product is a bit mushier than if I use the Simply Potatoes brand.)  I just used shredded, bagged cheddar cheese and it comes together fine--I wasn't exactly sure what processed cheese meant either. will make again Good
