Túrós Csusza (Pasta with Cottage Cheese)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/150156/turos-csusza-pasta-with-cottage-cheese/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook egg noodles in boiling water until al dente, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain well and set aside. Cook bacon in a large skillet over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Crumble and set aside. Place drained noodles in a large baking dish. Stir in sour cream until well combined. Spoon cottage cheese evenly over the top of noodle mixture. Sprinkle with crumbled bacon; season with salt. Bake in the preheated oven until cottage cheese softens, 3 to 5 minutes.
This is an amazing meal! This recipe is the authentic way of making it, don't change a thing as it doesn't need it. My Hungarian parents always made this and it taste awsome! You could skip the oven part and just warm cottage cheese and sour cream on stove top with the noodles. I made this for my family and my daughter loves it! Yummy. Next time I think I’ll include some sauteed chopped onions, borrowing from a similar Polish recipe here.  This was very easy and satisfying.  We had red chard with it, for contrast. This was awful!  Most of your recipes are delicious, but this one was not.  Sorry!! I make this all the time. I find that 10-15 minutes in oven is better than the 5-8 minutes the recipe says. My GrandMother used to make this for me when I was a kid but I never knew the name of it. I called it GrandMa’s noodles :-) This is an amazing recipe. My great aunt used to make it and she passed away a few years ago and I wanted to make this for my dad. It is a good recipe, but to make it better at a bit of bacon grease and more than the recommended amount of bacon. Also instead of putting it in the oven leave it mixed on the stove for 5-10 minutes. Trust me it's good. I love those noodle plates but I always use half the sour cream and sprinkle paprika on top. Delicious. Super yummy, even enjoyed by the picky eaters. I grew up on this dish !! love seeing this here !! my kids love it !! This Hungarian dish is delicious...first time I had it was by a Hungarian person, without sour cream and with home made Hungarian style noodles...both dishes are delicious,,,thank you! My family (Hungarian) makes it with farmers cheese.. I believe that is the proper way
