Japanese-Style Cabbage Salad
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/150135/japanese-style-cabbage-salad/
Combine cabbage, green onions, almond, and sesame seeds in a large bowl. Make dressing: Whisk together sesame oil, vinegar, sugar, garlic, ginger, salt, and pepper in a small bowl until sugar is dissolved. Pour dressing over cabbage mixture and toss until well combined.
To give this salad a little "kick", I added a dash of Sriracha Hot Chili Sauce. I did not add the full amount of salt and pepper, I added it to taste. I made this around noon today as to give it time to sit in the dressing until dinner. VERY good, though my husband and I thought this needed more dressing. Next time, I will double the dressing ingredients. I have been searching for a salad dressing that I experienced at "Origins;" a "Fusion" type restaurant and I would add a Carrot (Finely ground to  a paste) to yours and I will try the recipe, Thanks for sharing, Vinnie Nothing remotely close to cabbage salads eaten in a Japan. Sesame oil overpowered the entire dish. Tossed it. I enjoyed this light and easy cabbage salad. I used shredded red and green cabbage, added cilantro, and used sliced almonds in place of toasted seseme seeds. Served this alongside chicken tonkatsu, jasmine rice, and Vermont curry. I like this light and easy salad recipe. I added some cilantro and served this along with chicken tonkatsu, jasmine rice, and Vermont curry. An all right flavor. I halved everything in the recipe, and the sesame oil was so overpowering, it was inedible. I love bold flavors, and I cook Japanese dishes 3-4 nights a week, so it's not down to an unfamiliarity with the ingredients. I think the proportions are just way off. This easy Cabbage Salad was so easy and really refreshing. This is a great side dish for any meal, especially one with sesame or ginger flavors. It was flavorful and will be a good summer salad to make. Super simple and very tasty! I used all the 'optional' ingredients. The family liked this for a change from the normal slaw. I  thought it could actually use a bit of spice, like maybe some jalapeño or hot chili oil or something. I will be making this again! Thanks for sharing
