Traditional Springerle
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/150123/traditional-springerle/
Spray 4 cookie sheets with cooking spray; sprinkle with anise seeds and set aside until needed. Mix flour and baking powder together in a large bowl until well blended. Place sugar, eggs, and vanilla in a separate large bowl; beat with an electric mixer until light and frothy, 5 to 8 minutes. Gradually stir flour mixture into egg mixture to form a thick dough. Working with handfuls of dough at a time, roll out onto a lightly floured surface until 1/4 inch thick. Lightly sift confectioners' sugar over dough. Place springerle molds onto dough; press down hard and evenly until the mold's design registers in dough. Remove the mold. Use a small knife to cut around each cookie, and place them 2 inches apart on the prepared cookie sheets. Repeat, until all dough has been used. Cover cookies with a lightweight cotton cloth, and allow to dry for 8 hours, or overnight. The designs will remain embossed in the cookies. When ready to bake, preheat the oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C). Bake cookies in preheated oven until tops are pale brown and cookies are set, 25 to 30 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool completely. Store in an airtight container.
UPDATE! My mother called a few weeks ago and mentioned that she had tried making a variation for Valentine's Day with the zest of an orange and 1/8 tsp orange oil. AMAZING! and beautiful pressed with a springerle mold and then cut with a heart shaped cookie cutter! My dough was waaaaay too moist.  I added a lot of flour to make it workable.  I also added lemon zest and did not add the anise seeds.  The dough stuck to my mild quite a bit, so I abandoned ship and just used my regular old cookie cutters.  I'll try a more traditional recipe next time. I actually used the press with Santa and his reindeer flying over the village pictured at the top of this recipe. The dough was challenging to work with because of its tendency to stick to the press. In most cases you cannot make out the scene, which is the point of using a Springerle press. I have been making springerles for over fifty years.  I've used this recipe several times.  My only comment might be to give folks a realistic time frame for how long it does take to actually form the cookies.   Depending on which forms are used, it could take several times the  preparation time stated in the recipe. This was my first attempt at springerle. The first rollout turned out predictably not very uniform or pretty. But once i got the hang of it, the rest are adorable! I ate one of the practice ones warm out of the oven. I was skeptical whether the seeds would provide enough anise flavor. I know it will get stronger with aging. But it is already very evident. Lovely, eggy, vanilla-y... and anise. Just perfect. My mother used to make Springerle. I loved them but I never learned how to make them.  After she died, we couldn't find her recipe. I've been searching for something close to what she made, and this is it!  They came out perfect the first try.  So delighted with these - I was actually getting teary after I tasted the first one! This is my first time trying these cookies and I agree with what most have said. They turn out great! At first, I didn't have enough powdered sugar on top and the mold stuck, but I got it the second round. Love this recipe....I am so happy with the detail on my impressions - clear and crisp.  They seemed to become crisper after baking.  I use a pastry brush to brush off excess powdered sugar after they have baked and cooled.  Looking forward to using this recipe and playing around with different flavors. The recipe is sound and I think my issue was user error, or at least inexperience. Also, I didn't use anise seeds since DH doesn't like anise. Instead I used 1/4 t of orange oil. They are tasty for sure, but they poofed up a LOT. I'm thinking maybe I didn't let them dry long enough before baking. Not a total disaster, but not photo-worthy either. I haven't tasted a decent Springerle since my mother made them fifty years ago. This recipe is IT. I made half with anise seeds and half  without, and worked a teaspoon of vanilla into the plain half's dough, because anise isn't for everyone.  I followed the instructions to the letter, and they turned out perfectly, and I did NOT have the pleasure of trying to work a couple of eggs into nearly two pounds of flour (which so many Springerle recipes seem to require: "7 cups of flour, 2 cups of confectioner's sugar, 3 eggs" -- and then expect  a workable dough from that. NO. Just no. If I want upper body strength, I'll join a gym).  THIS recipe, cut precisely in half, makes a quick, easily worked dough that is just enough for about 2 dozen cookies -- plenty for a cookie tray, but not  so many that they will be around until St. Patrick's Day. Perfection. Thank you for giving back one of my favorite childhood Christmas memories.
