Shish Tawook Grilled Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/150251/shish-tawook-grilled-chicken/
Mix yogurt, lemon juice, oil, garlic, tomato paste, salt, oregano, pepper, allspice, cinnamon, and cardamom in a large bowl. Add chicken and toss to coat; transfer into a resealable plastic bag, squeeze out excess air, and seal the bag. Marinate in the refrigerator for 4 hours. Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil the grate. Thread chicken, onions, and bell pepper onto metal skewers. Cook on preheated grill until chicken is golden and no longer pink in the center, about 5 minutes on each side. Sprinkle parsley over the skewers.
EXCELLENT! I just made this for dinner tonight and my husband & I were amazed. We used to order shish tawook all the time at a Lebanese restaurant in our old neighborhood. Now that we've moved, we haven't found a place that serves this so I've experimented with several other recipes and they were all disappointing. But this one is JUST RIGHT!!! Very authentic tasting. I modified it slightly to suit our (spicy) tastes by adding more oregano, a little dried mint, turmeric, and a couple dashes of cayenne pepper. Very traditional, i’m Lebanese and this is the closest you will get for the Shish!One of my favorites 😁 Very good but it needed more salt. I used 2 teaspoons of salt. Incredibly delicious!  I fell in love with Shish Tawook while in Qatar (Turkey Central).  After a long search, I found this recipe.  Similar to those who have commented before, I modify it slightly  using a little Paprika, Turmeric, and Cayenne Pepper.  It is my wife's favorite dish.  We love to share the rich flavor with friends when they visit. Very delicious.  I did add some Garam Masala, Balti, and Tandoori seasonings along with a tablespoon of chili garlic paste to the marinade to give it a kick.  Served with another cook's "Thick-Style Lebanese Garlic Sauce" from this site, and this meal was a winner!  Great recipe! Amazing! I can’t wait to make again. This recipe is flavorful and aromatic. It is a great go to when you have company and you want to impress them but you do t want to spend all day in the kitchen. 5-10 minutes to prepare the marinade and a quick cook on the grill. The chicken is tender and moist. I added a side of grilled peaches. It was a lovely accompaniment. I really like this recipe! I marinated the chicken for about 24 hours and I’m too lazy to put everything on kabobs, so I just poured the chicken and the marinade on a sheet pan and it turned out moist and flavorful. Delicious. Served to company. Very impressive. Excellent taste. Will make it again.
