Apple Squares
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/15067/apple-squares/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9-inch square pan. Sift flour, baking powder, salt, and 1/4 teaspoon of cinnamon into a medium bowl. Stir 2 tablespoons white sugar and remaining 2 teaspoons cinnamon together in a small bowl. Mix brown sugar, 1/2 cup white sugar, and melted butter together in a large bowl with a wooden spoon until smooth. Stir in egg and vanilla. Blend in flour mixture until just combined, then stir in apple and walnuts. Spread mixture evenly into the prepared pan and sprinkle cinnamon-sugar mixture over top. Bake in the preheated oven until the top springs back when lightly pressed, 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool completely in the pan before cutting into 16 squares. rist
I took these to work and everyone loved them! I doubled the recipe and baked them in a 9X13 pan instead so they were thicker, more like cake. I also used less brown sugar than it called for (because I ran out) and substituted with extra white sugar, and I used pecans instead of walnuts. It turned out great! The only thing I would do differently--if doubling the recipe in one pan again, I wouldn't double the cinnamon sugar topping because there was way too much. I used it all and when the bars were picked up, tons fell off---mostly sugar, leaving a VERY strong cinnamon taste, probably more than many people would want. I am by no means a baker, but I like to try and I was so surprised when this turned out so perfect. I followed the recipe. The only thing that I might change next time (which will be tomorrow 😁) is maybe a little less sugar. It was sweet but went so well with a glass of milk.Picture not the greatest 😉 Video instructs you to use a Granny Smith apple and finely chopped  toasted walnuts.  I would make again with attempts at reducing the sugar, first trying 3/4  of total for topping and then maybe next attempt, trying to reduce the amount in the batter.  That being said, everyone loved it even though it's a sugar bomb! Really good - even hubby liked it a lot.  Easy to make.  Will double the recipe next time, but not double the topping. My family loved this recipe for sure!  It is like eating an apple pie in cake form.  I sprayed the spatula and this made spreading the dough to easy.  I sprayed the dough with cooking spray and the sugar mixture stuck easily.  I only used one teaspoon of cinnamon in the white sugar mixture.  Absolutely delicious! Was like eating an apple pie in cake form! Great with vanilla ice! Just made these apple walnut bars for my hubbys lunches, so easy to follow recipe as well as being a quick put together treat! Will def. Make them again! Thank you for sharing ( I’m actually gonna try to make all 26! Not all at once of course :) I am unable to eat walnuts so I substituted pecans which worked very well.  I thought this recipe was really too sweet.  My husband liked it but next time I'll cut the white sugar down to 1/4 cup. Loved it! I made a double batch in a 9x13” pan. I needed to cook it for 35 minutes. I used extra apples cutting them into small chunks. I did not put nuts in them as I’m taking them to a seniors home. I think pecans would add to the yummyness. The way this recipe is written is confusing; the topping directions and ingredients are in the middle of the cookie ingredients. It would be clearer if the topping was separated under the bar ingredients. I have been making this recipe for about 3 years. My husband begs me for them. Since this is Apple season I have made them already 3 times this month and I have another pan in the oven now. Going out of town this weekend and a request was made for me to bring some. They are very addicting. Yummy!
