Quick and Super Easy Chicken and Dumplings
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/151027/quick-and-super-easy-chicken-and-dumplings/
Stir together biscuit mix and milk in a medium bowl until dough comes together; set aside. Pour cans of chicken broth into a saucepan along with chicken; bring to a boil. Take a handful of biscuit dough and flatten it in your hand. Tear off 1- to 2-inch pieces and drop them into boiling broth. Make sure they are fully immersed, at least for a moment. Repeat this step with remaining biscuit dough, then carefully stir soup, so dumplings are covered by broth. Cover and simmer, stirring occasionally, over medium heat until dumplings are cooked through, about 10 minutes.
Tasty. Cooked my own chicken and added onions, celery, and carrots. Simple recipe to follow, husband loved it. Amazing with a few additions:I diced 1 onion and sliced 3 carrots and cooked them in ½ a stick of butter until soft. Then added the broth and canned chicken. Then added biscuits from a can that I tore in pieces. **I did not like the batter biscuits and actually removed them and added the canned biscuits.I added more broth throughout the process and added cooked noodles, as well.When I pulled it off heat I added ½ cup of heavy cream and peas. Delicious!!! We really liked this recipe. I made some adjustments that didn't add much time. 1. In sauce pan I cooked 1 onions, celery and carrots with a half a stick of butter. 2. Added 1 tsp. sage, 1 tsp. thyme, 1 tsp. rosemary and 2 bay leaves.3. Used boneless skinless chicken thighs. Added onion and carrots and a can of cream of chicken. Turned out great, definitely a good recipe. Will try again soon with some additional cream and some peas My pickie 15 yr old ate it and my fiance loved it also and i didnt make enough of this and was requested to make again very soon. she was right on the money with how easy to make.  My soon to be 3 yr old wanted more and she was not too happy when she found it gone. making again very soon I definitely tweaked this recipe. I used my own canned chicken, sauteed onions, carrots, corn, and added a can of cream of chicken. It is a so rich and indulgent. Too easy No changes this is AMAZIN I have never made dumplings before even though I love them. The biscuit mix was too sticky so next time I would use a little less milk and an oiled cookie scoop. I used a 32 oz box of low sodium chicken broth and the extra liquid was perfect since I added one cup of frozen peas and carrots. I call what I made Chicken and Dumpling Stew and plan on making it often. So easy and delicious! I used per made biscuit in the can/tube and instead of canned chicken just some shredded chicken ( rotisserie or crock-pot i had crock-pot leftovers). My family LOVED it! I was so hungry for real home made chicken and dumplings and the “easy” part really appealed to me!I used a famous restaurants herbed biscuit mix and threw in a bag of the steam in the bag corn, green bean and carrot mix. ( I cooked it first). As advertised it was super easy and delicious! It reminded me of mom’s and grandma’s cooking. That is a very good thing. This recipe is amazing!!!!! Easy prep, easy cook, easy cleanup! It's such an easy recipe that you can modify it to please your own tastes.I added chopped onions, carrots, and celery. I also cooked fresh chicken myself. I simply used boneless skinless chicken breast and cubed it. worked perfectly!My parents loved it and were asking for more. I will definitely be making this recipe again!
