Biko
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/151155/biko/
Soak rice overnight in the water. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13 inch baking pan. Cook the soaked rice over medium heat in a saucepan with the soaking water, 1/2 can of coconut milk, and white sugar, stirring constantly, until tender and thickened, about 20 minutes. Pour into the prepared baking pan. Stir together the brown sugar, remaining 1/2 can of coconut milk, and coconut preserves in a small saucepan, and bring to a boil. Pour the mixture carefully over the rice. Bake in the preheated oven until the topping thickens, about 25 minutes. Cool completely; cut into squares to serve.
Biko is one of my favorite desserts! This recipe came out tasting better than the biko I buy at the philippino store. Follow these steps to make it authentic: I used only 2 cups of rice (makes plenty) & soaked it for a couple hours in 3 cups water. Make sure you use glutinous rice! Cooked it with half the can of coconut milk and soaking water. Cook it just like rice till it gets soft and mushy. Used brown sugar,a little less than called for. For topping:instead of preserves,I used macapuno strings (4 tbsp) or more. They're like coconut strings,sooo good. When you remove the biko from oven,it will be slightly soft and a little liquidy. But, when it cools it sets. The finishing touch is brown coconut jam spread on top. I will never buy biko again!!!! I did not find the coconut preserves, so I used shredded coconut. This dish is very tasty and makes quite a lot, perfect for a party. This came out too mushy. Never again. It is good, everyone just couldn't get enough! I’ve made this recipe a few times already and it comes out great every time Didn't have coconut so we put crushed coconut crisp cookies on top. Love this recipe! My wife is filipino so I needed a recipe that was good and authentic to the biko from the Philippines. I followed the recipe almost exactly. After I poured the brown sugar mix I added unsweetened shredded coconut over the top. My wife loved it. I make it when ever I go to Philipino gatherings and it's always a hit. I made it in much easier  way, did not use the pot, I soaked sweet rice  in water for almost 2 hours, drained water, mixed everything in the baking dish, baked in 350F for 60 mins came out cooked, then I cooked and put all the toppings, baked for another 5 mins, then broil for 3 mins, it was perfect ! I adjusted to 5 servings, used on 1/2 cup of white and 1/2 cup of brown sugar, and did not use coconut preserve.  It was hard to wait until it cooled so that I could take a bite.  Not bad for my first try at it. Don't change a thing.  It's perfect just the way it is.
