Award-Winning Peaches and Cream Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/15142/award-winning-peaches-and-cream-pie/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease the sides and bottom of a 10-inch deep-dish pie pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Make the crust: Whisk flour, pudding mix, baking powder, and salt together in a bowl. Add milk, butter, and egg. otdash Meredith Food Studio Beat with an electric mixer for 2 minutes. Pour into the prepared pie pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Make the filling: Drain peaches, reserving 3 tablespoons syrup. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix 1 tablespoon sugar and cinnamon together in a small bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Beat cream cheese in another small bowl until fluffy. Add 1/2 cup sugar and reserved syrup; beat for 2 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Arrange sliced peaches over crust mixture. otdash Meredith Food Studio Spoon cream cheese mixture over peaches to within 1 inch of the pan edge, then sprinkle cinnamon sugar over top. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, 30 to 35 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Let cool for 20 minutes, then chill for at least 2 hours before serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Absolutely great dessert. I have made this four times and am ALWAYS asked for the recipe. Though on a side note, I always use 1.5 times the amount of peaches the recipe calls for. It's pretty darn fabulous. Definitely a keeper!!! I've made this for years.  My family loves it.  But I use the instant pudding instead of the cook and serve.  It's delicious. I had an abbreviated recipe without some direction.  It was delicious.  I used fresh peaches with oj for the syrup.  I will do again, I had struggled with the crust. I got this recipe 45 years ago from a coworker and have been making ever since.  My family and friends really love this peaches and cream dessert.  Don't make to often as it is very rich dessert. We've made this pie 3 times in the past two weeks!!!  A total hit!!!The first time we made everything according to the recipe. Then we decided, that we needed to add a tbsp of sugar or honey to the batter. It just didn't taste right without. That could be, because we live in Germany, and here there is no pre-added sugar in instant pudding packages. We preferred the flavor with honey.Then we decided to add a Tbsp. of cornstarch to the cream cheese mixture. If you are pressed for time, you get the firmness with out the hours of cooling and it is still creamy.The third time, we mixed peaches and mandarins. That was was a great combination. We'd like to try mango next time. Perhaps pureed mango over the peach slices?I'd upload a picture, but this pie just vaporizes to quickly :-)))) Fabulous! The one thing I did differently was use fresh peaches It was an ok recipe, but definitely not something I'd give an award for. It's delish me and my daughter love it great recipe will make many more times I'm sure
