Campbell's Tuna Noodle Casserole
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/151593/campbells-tuna-noodle-casserole/
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Stir cooked noodles, condensed soup, tuna, peas, and milk in a 3-quart casserole. Bake in the preheated oven until hot, about 30 minutes; stir well. Mix bread crumbs with melted butter in a bowl; sprinkle over tuna casserole and continue to bake until bread crumbs are golden brown and crispy, 5 minutes more. utzflca
i love this meal. But I did make changes. I used french fried onion rings broken up into small pieces. I mixed this with the noodles, milk. Peas and tuna. At the end I added cheese and more french fried onion rings. Quick and easy for a comfort meal on a cold day in Ohio. Always a comfort food, one change, reduced milk to 1/2 cup, added 1/2 cup mayonaise Made it easily, added corn, 🍄, cheese soup, grated 3 cheese, spinich. Turned out awesome 👍. This dish came out fantastic. However I did make a couple of changes. I used New England Clam Chowder instead of the Cream of Mushroom. For the topping I used 3 tbs of butter, 1 cup of seasoned breadcrumbs, 1/2 cup shredded Colby and jack cheese and 2 tsp of Old Bay Seasoning. So yummy Seasoned up the breadcrumbs with a little garlic and pepper and parsley. Added cheese threw out. Instead of 2 cans of mushroom soup I used 1 can of cream of bacon soup and 1 can of mushroom soup. Had leftover bacon bits so with the breadcrumbs I sprinkled on top. I used the recipe provided but also added bacon bits and some chopped onions. I also used Campbell’s cream of chicken and mushroom. I forgot the bread crumbs so I crushed saltine crackers and croutons with some Parmesan cheese. It worked out great! I added a can of evaporated milk. Some onion powder, some garlic salt, Parmesan cheese, cheddar cheese and an onion. For the top I doubled the bread crumbs and added cheddar cheese to it. Yummy! I added two cloves of garlic, replaced the condensed soup with chicken and broccoli condensed soup, added salt and pepper. I also used saltine crackers with parmesean cheese and shredded cheese, with butter for the topping. Perfect! For chicken I used condensed potato soup and chicken, corn instead of peas and 2-3 cubed chicken. This is almost the same recipe my mom used when I was a child but she added sour cream, celery and cashews with hers too and then topped with half a can of french fried onions instead of breadcrumbs. It was so good. I've always loved tuna casserole but never knew how easy it is to make!!! This recipe was very easy to follow, it was delicious, and I'll definitely make it again. It was extra special with the panko bread crumb topping, made with panko bread crumbs, butter and parmesan cheeze. A big THANK YOU to the person who suggested we not skimp on the topping. Came out perfect, such a quick easy meal! I did add one more can of tuna (3total) and I used a can of mixed veggies instead of froZen peas.. I like a lot of veggies so next time I will use two cans(drained) ...if u like a crunchy top you might want triple the butter and bread crumbs. But the creaminess of this recipe was perfect, super yummy! Quite good & saved me a trip to the store!! I added sliced mushrooms, onions & celery, (I pan- fried  all fresh produce before adding to the casserole, while my noodles were boiling). I pre-cooked my egg noodles with 2 cubes of chicken bouillon then used crushed Lays potato chips gently tossed with some grated cheddar cheese and parsley for the topping. Definitely not a low-cal meal, but everyone in the house loved it! i used an extra can of tuna, and mushroom soup, yummy for sure. I added cheese on top instead of breadcrumbs Yummy easy to prepare It’s a good recipe, reminiscent of my childhood. However 2 T of breadcrumbs mixed with butter wasn’t much. In my childhood it was crushed potato chips but I didn’t have any. I used panko breadcrumbs that was fine but I would used 4-5 T next time.I did add sautéd onion and garlic. I added diced onion, celery seed, and a little Garlic.
