Campbell's Green Bean Casserole
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/151595/campbells-green-bean-casserole/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Set aside 1/2 of the fried onions for topping. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir together remaining onions, beans, soup, milk, soy sauce, and pepper in a 3-quart casserole dish. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until hot, about 25 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir casserole, then top with remaining onions. Bake 5 minutes more. otdash Meredith Food Studio
We love green bean casserole, but find this recipe just seems to use too much milk. The sauce seems overly thin. I use somewhere between 1/3 to 1/2 cup of milk and it is just perfect; thick and creamy. I omit the soy sauce as I think this recipe is great without it and to cut down on the sodium. I have loved this casserole since I was a kid. It was in every family and church potluck I have ever been to. It is an all-time favorite Besst Thanksgiving side dish! I read the comments right before I made it so thank you for the milk suggestion! I filled about half a can of the cream of mushroom swished it around and dumped it in. I loosely followed the recipe. Added garlic and alpine touch and cheese, instead of soy sauce used worschtehire. I thought the amount of fried onions in the casserole itself was too much only put about 3/4 of a cup in. The rest will go on top. Edit* The cook time is insufficient the cheese wasnt even melted in the middle. I added 10 mins b4 topping and 10 after. I add an extra can of soup and reduce the milk so it has a very thick consistency . It reduced the overall cook time and reduced the "runny" that the original had. Add 2 cans of mushroom pieces, shredded cheddar cheese, and 1 can of water chestnuts, chopped up, and LOTS of french-fried onions. I always make the casserole because i don't like any others but this one. My daughter is the same way. If you have a problem with it being to soupy dont cover it when baking or just add more onions...I like to use cream of onion soup. Just made this tonight and it was okay but EXTREMELY salty. I have the hardest time making anything that's not overloaded with sodium. I guess for a super healthy person it wouldn't be an issue but most Americans are not and everything is packed with sodium it seems like. Made this exactly as written, loved it!! want to add cheese to it next time!!
