Easy Chicken Curry
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/15156/easy-chicken-curry/
Gather the ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat until hot. Add onion and sauté until soft and golden brown, 5 to 8 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Slowly stir in curry powder until well blended. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add chicken; reduce the heat to low, cover, and cook until chicken is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, 20 to 40 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Uncover and cook, stirring constantly to prevent burning, until pan juices reduce to desired amount, 3 to 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio
This recipe provides a great starting point for a delicious, easy curry. First I thinly sliced 3 large chicken breast halves and browned them in olive oil. While they were cooking I started the onion (in 3T. olive oil) in a separate skillet. To the onion I added sliced, fresh mushrooms and some frozen peas. When the veggies were heated I added 3 T. curry, some hot pepper flakes, 2 C. chicken broth and 1/2 C. unsweetened coconut milk. Finally, I stirred in the cooked chicken strips and let the whole thing cook for an additional 15 min. to reduce the broth. Served this over Texmati rice to my family of 4 and everyone really loved it! The 3 T. of curry powder seemed like plenty to us, but that's personal perference. This recipe would get 5 stars except that it had to be tweaked quite a bit. This recipe was so easy and delicious! I couldn't believe it with only 4 ingredients! I did add one can of unsweetened coconut milk at the end and it was absolute perfection! I couldn't stop spooning the broth into my mouth straight out of the pan- it was THAT good! Do it. Make sure to add the unsweetened coconut milk, though! Game changer. I added red & green bell pepper strips. This recipe doesn't have enough sauce or onion for me!  I make curry chicken all the time. I use whatever chicken pieces I have in the house, drumsticks, thighs, breast, wings. I use a LOT of onion - at least 1 huge onion or 2 medium  and don't dice them up like this recipe, but slice them so I have rings of onions. Then when onions start looking translucent I add the curry powder and "toast" it with the onions.  I then add 2 cups of chicken stock and 1/2 cup of either sour cream or Greek yogurt to take edge off the heat from the curry spice.  Simmer till chicken falls off the bone and house smells like an Indian restaurant! I serve with a side of stir-fried cabbage - always YUM! I made this for dinner today and added some carrot chunks and quartered mushrooms with peas and it was so good...next time I make it I will add diced apple and sultanas too....also I steamed the rice in my vegetable steamer with a lemon cut in half and the rice came out perfectly and tasted lovely...my daughter does hers in a pan with coconut milk and water with lemon . .delicious too... definitely a keeper and so simple to make.., Missing chicken stock and coconut milk!! I need some sauce in this and thus like to add a can of coconut milk.
