Lemon Meringue Pie III
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/15173/lemon-meringue-pie-iii/
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Combine 1 1/2 cups sugar, salt, and 1 1/2 cups water in a heavy saucepan. Place over high heat and bring to a boil. In a small bowl, mix cornstarch and 1/3 cup water to make a smooth paste. Gradually whisk into boiling sugar mixture. Boil mixture until thick and clear, stirring constantly. Remove from heat. In a small bowl, whisk together egg yolks and lemon juice. Gradually whisk egg yolk mixture into hot sugar mixture. Return pan to heat and bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Remove from heat and stir in grated lemon rind and butter or margarine. Place mixture in refrigerator and cool until just lukewarm. In a large glass or metal bowl, combine egg whites and salt. Whip until foamy. Gradually add 1/2 cup sugar while continuing to whip. Beat until whites form stiff peaks. Stir about 3/4 cup of meringue into lukewarm filling. Spoon filling into baked pastry shell. Cover pie with remaining meringue. Bake in preheated oven for 15 minutes, until meringue is slightly brown. Cool on a rack at for at least 1 hour before cutting.
I have been making Lemon Meringue pies for many years, trying different recipes, following the "directions" to top the pie with meringue when the filling was hot...and you know what? Topping the pie when it's hot is the WORST possible suggestion EVER!!!! It will always weep if you do this...ALWAYS. FINALLY I figured out a fool proof way to get the meringue NOT to weep: Allow the filling to cool at room temperature until completely cooled and firm. And NEVER put the pie in the fridge. Once it's cooled, make your meringue. Be sure to have the meringue cover the pie to the crust completely and then place it in the oven at 350 degrees (immediately) for 10-15 minutes or until the meringue is brown (careful, keep a close eye on it, because the meringue can go from "brown" to "black" very quickly--especially if you are someone who likes to have "peaks" in your meringue.) Now, once the pie comes out of the oven let it cool completely at ROOM TEMPERATURE...NEVER place a Lemon Meringue Pie in the fridge UNLESS you want it to weep and get all watery. I don't know where this urban legend about covering a hot filling with meringue started, but it's WRONG, WRONG, WRONG!!!!! The only thing I did differently was that I topped it with Italian meringue. It's a little more forgiving than the French meringue. Love the recipe and will use it again! Thanks! Doubled recipe. Only used one cup sugar. No zest. Delicious!! This is great. I tried one last year and it was a big fail, different recipe. This one was awesome. I live in Sweden and I use to make my pies with the Jell-O cooking puddings, but can't get them here. Lemon is my favorite along with chocolate. With that being said I read many of the comments before trying this pie. I kept the recipe as is, the only thing I did was I used real lemon juice from concentrate, and only the amount it called for, did not need anything else as far as I was concerned. Came out sweet and tart. Now for the folks crying about lumps when you added the corn starch paste, you HAVE to add it as the mixture is at a full boil or you will get lumps, just as you would if you are making a brown gravy, its a must so that is my hint for you. Thank you so much for putting this recipe up and this was just awesome and my hubby loved it as well. He said this is worth you making again. LOL I usually ask when trying a new recipe, it is worth doing again to you? I didn't ask this time since I thought it was awesome. I didn’t fold meringue into filling, just piled it all on top. Great taste and overall pretty easy to accomplish. Room temp eggs make a big difference. I’ve tried several recipes and this is my favorite. I usually tinker with recipes and this is great exactly the way it is! I followed the directions exactly. The description of adding the sugar once the egg whites are foamy does not work. It collapsed the egg whites even though I added the sugar slowly. So I remade the egg whites and added the sugar once the whites were making soft peaks, which was better.The recipe also made way too much filling for the pie crust. Also, the  meringue did not rise as much as I expected. I think it’s because of the lower temperature (325) compared to other recipes which often say 350 or higher. Maybe it’s because I’m at a higher altitude. Hahahahaha I’m so silly instead of adding 3/4 of a cup of meringue to the lemon curd I added 3/4 of the meringue! I thought that was a bit strange and re checked and realised I had in-fact read it wrong. Still going to bake it and see what happens The whole way along everything was tasting great. For my base I mix, 125g of melted butter 1 cup of flour 1/2 cup of dedicated coconut and 1-2 cup of brown sugar and it’s so delicious. Goes so well with any pie or slice. my merigune fell (over whipped) so I folded it all into the lemon curd. Pie was amazing After reading all the comments, I was worried about this recipe.   I followed the directions and the measurements exactly and it turned out PERFECT!
