Marranitos (Mexican Pig-Shaped Cookies)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/152189/marranitos-mexican-pig-shaped-cookies/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line cookie sheets with parchment paper. Beat brown sugar and shortening together in a large bowl with an electric mixer until smooth. Beat in 1 egg, milk, and vanilla until smooth. Stir in molasses, baking soda, and cinnamon. Mix in flour until the dough is stiff enough to roll out. Roll dough out on a lightly floured surface to 1/4 inch thickness. Cut into cookies using a pig-shaped cookie cutter. Place cookies 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Brush the tops of the cookies with beaten egg. Bake in the preheated oven until risen and edges are lightly browned, about 15 to 17 minutes. Cool briefly on cookie sheets; serve warm or transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.
I love these cookies! The second time I made them I altered the recipe just a bit, which really made them incredible: 1)I added 1 tsp of ground ginger as suggested. 2)I thought these were a tad too molasses-y, so I used 3/4 cup molasses and 1/4 cup honey. 3)To make the dough a little less crumbly and easier to roll out, I upped the milk to 1/3 cup. 4) I like them to be a little thicker, so I rolled the dough out to 1/2 inch thickness. Also, my pig cookie cutter was much smaller than the traditional, so this recipe made 4 dozen cookies, and I baked them for 12 minutes (you don't want to overbake). Delicious!  Marranitos are my favorite Mexican bakery cookie and I really enjoyed this recipe.  My friends did too.The cookies are tender and cakey with just a little chewiness.  Molasses flavor is strong but not overwhelming.  I skipped the cinnamon because it competes with the molasses taste (for me).I didn't find them too dry.  I did mix in the first 5c flour directly, measured out an additional cup, and added from that until the texture was just firm enough to roll.  Baked until set but before they browned significantly. I gave it a 4 star because my dough was not sticking together but I just added more milk to the dough and then everything just came together, and I was able to roll it out. They tasted great and everyone liked them. I will be making these again. Thank you for the recipe. I added a little bit of white sugar to the top of the egg wash before baking. Came out delicious!!! I keep them in a zip lock bag so that they stay fresh all week (if they last that long) Love these cookies, made them for my mother in law... She said they were better than the paneria down the street... Made it  for the first time and it came out perfect! I have no issues with making them and the taste is on point. Will definitely be making again! I followed the reviews on the amount of flour.  I used five cups and it was easy to work dough.  I rolled out to 1/2 inch thick.  I did change the temperature on baking.  Did 350 for 12 minutes.  Cookies came out done and soft. No hard ends. Husband loves these cookies. Loved it, did adjust and added ginger.  I compared two recipes and split it down the middle but this recipe did the trick.  Since the recipe was so large I split the batch in half and saved wrapped in plastic and baked the second week, it came out fabulous. I love these - comfort food associated with my childhood.   This recipe is great - now I  make them at home - sometimes adding just a touch of ginger. Se llaman puerquitos en las calles de Guadalajara también.
