Superior Shores Slaw
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/152171/superior-shores-slaw/
Cook bacon in a large skillet over medium-high heat until crisp; drain, crumble, and set aside. Make the dressing by whisking together the mayonnaise, vinegar, sugar, and celery seed in a small bowl. Toss together the coleslaw mix and green onion in a large bowl; add the dressing and toss to coat; stir in the bacon. Serve immediately.
For as easy as this is, it can't really get any better. Thanks! :) I made this exactly per the recipe. It's fantastic! best  slaw I've ever had. count this recipe Southerner approved! I cut this recipe in half because it makes too much for a pound of cabbage. I also left off the bacon and cut down on the sugar. I sweetened it to taste so it was still a bit tart. Great recipe!! I enjoyed this recipe. The bacon makes it different. Everything  is better with bacon. Bit too sweet, but family loved it. I will make again. Fantastic slaw! Without the bacon, it's got the perfect balance between sweet and tangy! The bacon adds the perfect smoky / salty note to take it to the extent level! Wow! I made this one night to go with spaghetti almost to the letter, the only thing I changed was instead of real bacon I used bacon bits. it turned out amazing! my husband and daughter really loved it as well. I added: grated small onion and left out the green onion, black pepper, more mayo, red wine vinegar.  Used 2 packets of truvia instead of sugar. Doesn't need salt. Fine Grated carrots and coarser grated cabbage, and celery seed. Didn't use the bacon but one day I will. It's delish. Just adjust ingredients to your taste. I do that with all cooking except baked goods. That's my mamas department. :) i didnt have the bacon so i used pre cooked bacon crumbles. it was ok. but ive liked other recipes better I made this almost exactly as directed. I needed a quick cole slaw recipe and after searching for one that used the vinegar I had on hand, I found this one! It's perfect, even though I omitted the bacon (We didn't have any in the house) and I also omitted the celery seed because I'm not a big fan but I definitely recommend this recipe to anyone! Will for sure try with the bacon next time!
