Pumpkin Ginger Cupcakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/152120/pumpkin-ginger-cupcakes/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease 24 muffin cups or line with paper liners. Whisk together flour, pudding mix, crystallized ginger, cinnamon, baking soda, ground ginger, allspice, cloves, and salt in a bowl; set aside. Beat butter, white sugar, and brown sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Add eggs one at a time, mixing well after each addition; beat in pumpkin purée and vanilla with last egg. Stir in flour mixture, mixing until just combined. Divide batter between the prepared muffin cups. Bake in the preheated oven until golden and the tops spring back when lightly pressed, about 20 minutes. Cool muffins in the pans for 10 minutes before removing to cool completely on a wire rack.
Hi. I'm the creater of this recipe; here are some helpful hints:For those of you who tossed the batter because it was thick - so sorry! It IS thick - pumkin and pudding mix do that. For those of you in the future who get worried, don't! *****Some people have commented on the difficulty of finding crystalized ginger. It's the same as candied ginger, sugared ginger, or ginger chips - they are all just different names/sizes. The two best places I can always find it, and really inexpensively, are Publix, in the bulk items ($5 a pound) and World Market - $3 for a jar or the ginger chips by the Ginger People (they sell them on their website, too, but they are a little more$).*****If you are getting more of a muffin than a cupcake, you're not creaming your sugar and butter long enough. It should be really fluffy. You'll probably want to scoop the batter into the tins. I made these  for an event and to my surprise, it was a crowd pleaser.  Everyone wanted the recipe and i have had request to make them. These are the best cupcakes I've ever made!  The texture and moisture is exceptional.  I followed the recipe exactly.  The batter did not seem overly thick to me (as it has to some reviewers), but I was using a Kitchenaid mixer, so maybe everything got smoother than it does with a hand-held.  I found the crystalized ginger at Trader Joe's and diced up some extra to sprinkle on top of the frosting. I added ginger syrup into my cream cheese icing These were a hit! I will definitely make these again. I read the comments first so turned the temp down to 325 and cooked a bit longer. Frosted with a burnt butter frosting and topped with sugared ginger. My only disappointment was I diced up candied ginger, but it softened so much during the baking you didn't even notice it. Highly recommend! I did think these were more of a ginger cupcake than a pumpkin ginger cupcake. The pumpkin flavor doesn't stand out against the boldness of the spice. I also think the crystallized ginger gives these a strange mouth texture. You get solid chunks of ginger that only someone who absolutely loves ginger would enjoy. I think if you substitute the ginger pieces for spice and up the pumpkin ratio these could be really good! I also was a bit bummed the recipe didn't include a frosting; as the recipe photo showed frosted cupcakes. I do suppose you could just look up another recipe or use store-bought; I just enjoy when I know the frosting and cupcake will coordinate really well together in terms of the flavoring. I followed the recipe (except for the crystalized  ginger ) and they turned out great! I puréed pie pumpkins instead of using the canned purée and frosted them with store bought frosting 😒 Next time I will definitely make my own 💜 Best cupcake recipe I've ever found.  I never get anything but compliments on the recipe when I make them. Pairs so well with pumpkin spiced cream cheese frosting and crystal ginger garnish. I made these and they were amazing.  I used vanilla pudding instead of butterscotch because no one in my house likes butterscotch.  I added a little extra ginger because I couldn't find any crystalized ginger anywhere.  I also made a cream cheese frosting with about a 1/4 teaspoon of minced ginger in it.  They came absolutely delicious. This recipe is fantastic! My husband asked me to make a second batch as soon as the first batch was eaten. I made it with the delicious cinnamon cream cheese frosting. Amazing!!!!I made the cupcakes using cupcake papers. I did not need to spray the papers. The cake was moist enough the the paper didn’t stick. Be aware that this is a very thick recipe. The hardest part was putting the batter into the cupcake papers. The papers wanted to come out of the muffin tins. After this happened two or three times, I got the hang of it.
