Slow Cooker BBQ Meatballs and Polish Sausage
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/152351/slow-cooker-bbq-meatballs-and-polish-sausage/
Fill a large pot with lightly-salted water and bring to a rolling boil over high heat. Stir in the kielbasa and return to a boil. Cook until hot, 8 to 10 minutes; drain and cut into bite sized pieces. Place the kielbasa into a slow cooker; stir in the salsa, grape jelly, water, and lemon juice. Meanwhile, beat the eggs in a mixing bowl; mix in the onion, ground beef, salt, pepper, and crushed cornflakes. Mix with your hands until evenly incorporated. Roll the mixture into balls the size of a large walnut; place into the slow cooker. Set the slow cooker on High and cook until the meatballs are no longer pink in the center, about 1 hour.
Interesting flavors. This turned out well enough, though not without some issues. One hour was hardly enough to firm up the meatballs. Two hours seemed to work fine, though. I would also have liked it better if the sauce had reduced at all, or if it tasted good enough to make the whole thing function like a soup. As it is though, it's good, but could be better. Not good. Instead of using the jar of salsa, substitute it for bottle of Hunt's chili sauce, and mix with the grape jelly (don't use jam!). I make my meatballs differently, breadcrumbs, parmesan, parsley, and a splash of Worcestershire sauce and milk. This was so easy, and it was scrumdiddlyumpscis on a scale of 1-10 I give it a 15 I tryed the Sam's carrot cake and it was delicious.I got two thumbs up from my boys. Interesting flavors. This was not good at all!! The salsa and grape jelly makes a really foul taste, no BBQ here! I hadn't put the meatballs in the slow cooker yet, so I put them in the oven for 15mins, then added to slow cooker with a jar of pasta sauce instead. I browned the sausage in a pan and added to slowcooker, cooked on HIGH for 60mins. I was really hoping to salvage this and make a meal, but NO! The meatballs were very DRY...I don't think it had anything to do with me popping them in the oven either. When I'm in a hurry I use a Parm Meatball recipe that you bake, and they always turn out great. I would advise to just skip this recipe all together. 
