Caramelized Spicy Pumpkin Seeds
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/152418/caramelized-spicy-pumpkin-seeds/
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. In a large bowl, stir together 3 tablespoons of sugar, the cumin, cinnamon, ginger, and cayenne pepper, and set aside. Place the pumpkin seeds on the prepared baking sheet, spray them with cooking spray, and sprinkle with salt to taste. Bake the seeds in the preheated oven until lightly golden, 20 to 25 minutes. Heat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat, and stir in the toasted pumpkin seeds along with 2 tablespoons of sugar. Cook and stir the seeds until the sugar forms a coating on the seeds, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir the caramelized seeds into the bowl of sugar-spice mixture, toss to coat, and let cool.
Almost perfect! I took the advice of a few reviewers below and decided to substitute 1T Brown Sugar for the white sugar when caramelizing. Used 1T butter instead of olive oil (not as healthy, but added A LOT more flavor and made the caramelization process more accurate). Instead of plopping everything into the pan together, I melted the butter, added both sugars and heated on medium-high till the sugars just barely started to caramelize. Then added the seeds and toasted, stirring regularly till they started to brown slightly and pop (about 5-min depending on temp under the pan). Added the coated seeds to a pan with the sugar/spice mixture and voila! Yummy, yummy! Even my fiancée, who doesn't like pumpkin seeds, likes these! These are very good as is, but I don’t love the cumin, I replaced it with fresh ground nutmeg and thought it was perfect! It was so easy and perfect turn out from my small pumpkin. Will definitely do again 😋 Substituted butter for the oil and used brown sugar for carmelization as per another recommendation.  The seeds are wonderful!  Will use this recipe again. THIS IS THE MOST AWESOME PUMPKIN SEED RECIPE I HAVE EVER HAD!!  The family, young and old, loves these.  The only disappointing thing was that the pumpkin I bought, didn't have allot of seeds!! In fact some of them were sprouting inside the pumpkin.  So, let's say these were so good, I was tempted to buy another pumpkin! I’d never made pumpkin seeds like these before.  They are delish!  I deleted 1T sugar from both the carmelization step and also from the topping mix and used a 50/50 mix of white & brown sugar and they were plenty sweet. I make these each year.  Great sweet, spicy and crunchy pumpkin seeds.  They don't last a day in the house.  Before placing the seeds in the oven, I boil the pumpkin seeds in salted water till the shells turns translucent.  This seems to make the shell extra crunchy and infuses some salt into the seeds. When I haven't done this beforehand some of the shells seem woody to chew on. was fabulous nice and crunchy with alot of flavor!! ZERO changes. Came out fantastic! no changes but awsome
