Pumpkin Cupcakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/153245/pumpkin-spice-cupcakes/
Gather the ingredients. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease 24 muffin cups or line cups with paper liners. otdash Meredith Food Studio To make the pumpkin cupcakes: Sift flour, baking powder, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, nutmeg, ginger, cloves, allspice, baking soda, and salt together in a large bowl; set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Beat white sugar, ½ cup butter, and brown sugar together in a large bowl with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Add eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add pumpkin puree and milk; stir in flour mixture until just combined. Spoon batter into the prepared muffin cups, filling each 3/4 full. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until tops spring back when lightly pressed, about 25 minutes. Cool in the pans for 5 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool, about 20 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio To make the frosting: Beat cream cheese and 1/4 cup butter together in a large bowl with an electric mixer until smooth. Beat in confectioners' sugar, a little at a time, until incorporated. Add vanilla extract and 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon; beat until fluffy. otdash Meredith Food Studio Frost cooled cupcakes. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I just made these cupcakes and they were by far some of the best I have had in a long time. They taste and look like they were purchased from a cupcake store. I did however read a lot of the reviews, and took all the tips into consideration. Here are the changes I made for perfection:1. Reduced Heat to 350 and baked 22 minutes.2. Put 1 whole can of pumpkin puree (equals about 1 1/2 cups)3. Used 1/2 cup vegetable oil instead of butter.4. used "heaping" spoonfuls of the spice, and left out the clove.5. used 1 tsp salt (instead of half)6. For the frosting only used about 2 cups sugar instead of 3.I am already heading out to the store to buy ingrediants to make these again! I read reviews and made a few adjustments, thanks! Absolutely delicious 😋   I used Canola Oil instead of butter. I added protein powder to mine as well. I subbed out cow's milk for Almond milk, too. I used the whole 15oz can of Pumpkin Purée and added a Tbs of Vanilla. Was generous with the spices, too and used oil in place of butter. Baked at 350 for 22 mins. These were Fabulous!Made frosting with half cube butter, 4oz Cream Cheese, 1/4c milk, 2 tsp vanilla and added powdered sugar desired consistency. I love love love these cupcakes! It can be so hard to find a pumpkin cupcake recipe that isn't dense, and ends up being more muffin-like than cake-like--but this recipe nails it! They're light, fluffy, cakey, and delicious! My changes were to use 1 1/2 cups pumpkin puree, upped the cinnamon to 2 tsps and upped the ginger to 1 tsp, and used sour cream in place of milk. I baked these at 350 for 25 minutes and got 21 perfectly sized cupcakes.  For the frosting, I didn't measure the amount of cinnamon I added (just eyeballed it), but otherwise followed the recipe as written. This made enough to generously frost most of the cupcakes (only two had a thinner layer of frosting than the others). These also taste great the next day or two after making them! Thanks so much for sharing your recipe! Added lemon zest and orange zest about a 1/4 apple sauce these are good but I hate having leftover pumpkin from a 15 oz can so after reading the reviews on the dryness, I used the whole can.  used 2 1/4 tsp pumpkin pie spice instead of the individual spices. replaced the butter with applesauce.  made 22 nice sized cupcakes.  held the cinnamon out of the frosting, and added a touch of maple extract with the vanilla instead.  I also added vanilla to the batter.  made a very nice cupcake. Very good as written. Easy and delicious The recipe was so easy to follow.  I wound up making them jumbo cupcakes because I just prefer them.  I was able to get a dozen out of the mixture.  They were soooooo moist and delicious!  My hubby loves anything pumpkin, and he was standing right next to me to "lick the bowl, beaters, and anything else"...I put nuts in his six!  The icing was beyond delicious!!!  Didn't change anything. OMG! I made these for a Halloween party and they were a HUGE hit! They were light and fluffy and absolutely delightful. I used oil instead of butter, added the whole 15 oz. can of pumpkin and baked the cupcakes for about 22 minutes. I piped on the frosting, so I needed an extra 1/4 of the frosting recipe. If you just spread it on, you will be fine with the recipe amount as is.
