Grandma's Best Ever Sour Cream Lasagna
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/154183/grandmas-best-ever-sour-cream-lasagna/
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Cook sausage, ground beef, and garlic in a large skillet over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain any excess grease. Stir in diced tomatoes, tomato sauce, parsley, basil, oregano, and sugar. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce the heat to medium-low and simmer, stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 30 minutes. When the sauce has simmered for about 15 minutes, bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add lasagna noodles and cook, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 8 minutes. Drain. Stir sour cream, 1/2 of the mozzarella, Parmesan, olives, eggs, salt, and pepper together in a bowl. Assemble the lasagna: Spread a thin layer of meat sauce evenly over the bottom of a 9x13-inch baking dish. Cover with 1/3 of the lasagna noodles, 1/3 of the remaining meat sauce, and 1/3 of the cheese mixture; repeat layers two more times with remaining noodles, sauce, and cheese mixture. Sprinkle remaining mozzarella evenly over top. Bake in the preheated oven until sauce is bubbly and the cheese is golden brown, about 30 minutes.
I was out of ricotta so I tried this recipe and my family loved it! I used Barilla basil and tomato sauce in a jar and even threw in a cup of leftover spaghetti sauce. I used parmesan from a package- finely shredded. I have a "scratch" lasagna recipe that I have used for years that my family liked but never have I had so many raves. Going in my recipe box! It’s perfect!  Everyone loves “my” lasagna!  I sometimes tell them it’s made with sour cream!  My husband doesn’t like ricotta at all.  So this is the perfect recipe for our family! This sounded interesting....so i made it this past weekend.....was surprised how good it was.  Couldn't tell it was sour cream..Also I used a jarred sauce.  Will definitely make it again, but will use light sour cream. yummy! way cheaper to make with sour cream. turned out amazing Loved the way it turned out.  Best lasagna I've ever fixed. This was fabulous!! I do not normal like lasagna but my husband loves it. This one was so good! Will be making again I followed the recipe exactly, and everyone  partaking of it LOVED it.  Wish I had more leftovers! Excellent !!!!  I didn't change a thing. Made this using no boil lasagna noodles. Did not add olives, sprinkled mozzarella lightly between each layer, other than that followed recipe as written. Hubz only comments when he really likes the dish and he loved it. My new lasagna recipe! Even better the second day.
