Chicken and Two Bean Chili
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/154321/chicken-and-two-bean-chili/
Fill a large pot with lightly-salted water and bring to a boil. Boil the chicken until no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, 7 to 10 minutes. Drain the chicken and place in a slow cooker. Heat the olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Brown the onion and garlic in the hot oil, 5 to 7 minutes; scrape into the slow cooker. Add the black beans, great Northern beans, tomatoes with green chiles, tomato sauce, chicken stock, brown sugar, corn, vinegar, chili powder, cumin, cilantro, salt, and cayenne pepper to the slow cooker. Cook on High until the beans are tender, 3 to 4 hours. Stir the diced green, red, and yellow bell peppers into the chili and cook another 20 minutes.
An excellent twist on an old favorite. I shortened the cooking time by 2 hrs by using canned black & great northern beans and mixing everying in a stock pot on my stovetop. My gut also told me the 1/2 cups brown sugar was way too much, so I reduced the amount to 1/4 (not packed). It's still sweeter than most chilies but adding the vinegar and spices tones this down quite a lot. My husband loved this and I will definitely make this again. Took this to a potluck and it was a definite hit!  I used chickpeas instead of northern since that's what I had.  I also cut back on the brown sugar a bit and used spaghetti sauce instead of tomato sauce.Several people asked for the recipe. Delicious! I've never put vinegar in chili, so that was interesting ... although there is waaaay too much. I'm going to try it again using only 1 or 2 Tablespoons instead of 1/4 C. I also only used 1 T of brown sugar, as I don't like to add sugar to any of my recipes unless absolutely necessary. I used Turkey and added a lot of veggies! Made it way healthier! Made a batch for Halloween.  I used 4 boneless skinless breasts instead of the 2 called for in recipe.  Loved the flavor.  It was very bright with a hint of citrus. It was a tad on the sweet side so I may reduce the amount of brown sugar next time. Easy to make and I followed exactly except I didn’t have a green pepper.  Very tasty and can easily accommodate those who like it less spicy or more spicy. This was an easy and delicious recipe Love it but half to use about half the spices, but that is a personal taste. One of our favorite dishes! We make this all the time. We love it. This was so good!  A perfect balance between sweet and spicy.  The only thing I did differently was cooking it in a dutch oven on the stovetop because I was pressed for time.  Delicious!
