Creamy Roasted Parsnip Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/154833/creamy-roasted-parsnip-soup/
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Place parsnips and carrots in a mixing bowl; sprinkle with 1 tablespoon olive oil and toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper. Spread vegetables evenly onto a baking sheet. Roast in the preheated oven until vegetables are tender and parsnips are golden brown, about 30 minutes. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Cook and stir onion and celery in hot oil until softened and onion is beginning to turn golden brown, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to low; stir in butter, brown sugar, garlic, and roasted parsnips and carrots. Continue to cook and stir until vegetables are very soft and beginning to brown, about 5 to 10 minutes. Season with ginger, cardamom, allspice, nutmeg, and cayenne pepper; stir for 1 minute. Pour in chicken stock; bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low, partially cover, and simmer gently for 5 to 10 minutes. Working in batches, pour soup into a blender, filling the pitcher no more than halfway full. Hold down the lid of the blender with a folded kitchen towel and carefully start the blender, using a few quick pulses to get soup moving before leaving it on to purée. Pour blended soup into a clean pot. Stir in milk and cream. Return to a simmer over medium-low heat. Season with salt and pepper to serve.
This just tastes like a great big ol' bowl of autumn. So, so, so good. I did make one change to the recipe in that I used ham base rather than chicken base, but other than that I followed to a T. I'm not a big fan of allspice, but once the soup had a chance for all the flavors to meld, it was perfect. I served with little pieces of toasted french bread with parmesan cheese broiled on the toast. Take a chance on a new recipe, I don't think you'll be disappointed with this one. I liked this very much.  I forgot to peel the parsnips and carrots but it seemed to make no difference.  I used sour cream instead of heavy cream (cheaper!) and it seemed to do fine.  I also used chicken broth instead of stock.  I otherwise followed the recipe but found the soup to be way too thick so I ended up using almost twice as much chicken broth as called for to get a suitable puree.  In the end it turned out fine and is a tasty soup. Im rating a 4, although the texture was only a 3, but I feel I was a heavy handed on the 2lbs of parsnips (I’m not good at chopping veggies by weights). AND! I was using up what was left of both my milk (1% not whole milk) and heavy whipping cream 😬. If I had I had more  of either to add at the end? To make this creamier? This could have definitely been a 5-star recipe. Flavor is spot on. A little heat, some subtle sweetness by spices I am typically shy to use (cardamom, allspice). But because I only had “just enough” of the liquid Ingredient amounts as written - I felt this shorted me, and the recipe - it’s true potential. My result was thick - even after using my immersion blender. Since I had no more broth, milk or cream to add - I had to make do. Texture was closer to a mashed potato than a soup. Added some fried pancetta at the last minute as a topping. Would I try again? Heck yeah! Just not at the end of a grocery week! Thanks Alan! Love this recipe so much! It’s one if my top favourite fall/winter soups!Sweetness of the parsnips and carrots, yummy creamy consistency and then followed by that heat of the cayenne pepper! Delicious! I basically read the first three recipes and I took an ingredient from each and combined them to make a whole new one! I roasted garlic , apples, carrots and parsnips. Added ginger, nutmeg, cayenne and curry along with brown sugar. Added cream and milk and voilà a delicious creation. The curry gives it that, “mmmm what is that?” taste. this was so so tasty. my whole family enjoyed it, even our 5 year old. roasting the parsnip & carrot is definitely key to achieving the depth of flavour here :) Used parsnips & purple carrots from a local farm and the color turned out beautiful. Tasted great too. We like spices, so I  always increase the spices a bit. I used 1 lb of parsnips since I didn't want very thick soup.  Next time I make this I'll cut the cayenne amount in half.  It was very spicy, which is how I like it but when I cook for others I need to tone the heat a couple of notches down. I added a potato because I thought it took one and had bought one for it. I like the texture it provided. I left out the sugar (the parsnips and carrots are plenty sweet ) and the skipped the spices except for ginger and nutmeg. The  milk seemed superfluous;  I added a container of TJ shelf stable whipping cream - it was just past dates and needed to get used up. and a quart box of chicken broth. (Also, the parsnips and carrots, which were why I even made this, were left over from Thanksgiving, so they needed to get used up, so I used them on New Year’s Eve!)Turned out great. I hate to cook, and I hardly ever make soup anymore unless it’s beanie sorts of soups. I don’t think I’ve made a cream soup for 40 years. This was really no work. I used my Ninja Foodi  Air Fry Oven to pre-cook and brown the veggies and my immersion blender to do something close enough to purée to suit us.  It was delicious! And my husband agreed. Yay. Very flavourful soup. I used all the spices listed and really liked the blend. However I used about 9 cups of broth instead of 4. Otherwise it's way to thick. I will keep this in my soup rotation
