Jen's Hearty Three Meat Chili
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/154905/jens-hearty-three-meat-chili/
Cook and stir sausage in a large skillet over medium heat until browned. Drain; place sausage in a pot large enough to hold all ingredients. In same skillet, cook and stir onion with ground beef over medium heat until beef is browned and onions are tender; drain and add to the large pot. In same skillet, cook and stir stew beef over medium heat until browned. Without draining, pour stew beef into the large pot. Pour tomatoes, beer, and water into the pot with meats. Stir in chili powder, red pepper, white pepper, sugar, and cinnamon. Season to taste with salt and black pepper. Simmer until stew beef is very tender, at least 2 hours, stirring occasionally and adding more water as needed. If you prefer a thicker chili, thicken as needed with tomato paste. If using kidney beans, add them 10 minutes before serving, just in time to heat through.
After a little tweaking this was a delicious chili that will probably even replace my dads chili that I've loved and made for years! Instead of the water I used a 46oz can of tomato juice. (we like our chili more soupy rather than stewy and I think it added the flavor that it needed) I also garnished each bowl with a dollop of sour cream. My family loved it. Especially my husband who loved the flavor. Will definitely be making this a lot this winter. Awesome! I was a little worried when I taste-tested this chili about halfway through cooking, because the cinnamon scent was so strong and the whole dish was so sweet. Not wanting to waste ingredients, I added another small can of tomato paste and hoped for the best. By suppertime, the cinnamon was still very apparent, but the sweetness had mellowed and a dab of sour cream and a sprinkle of cheese balanced everything out nicely. The only other changes I made, in addition to the extra tomato paste, was to add a can of black beans along with the kidney beans, and to omit the red pepper, because we're not big fans of spice. All in all, I was very happy with this recipe and I *will* make it again! This is my favorite chili recipe. Everyone loves it... We like it thicker so I add more tomato paste and beans! I also dont use the white sugar, and instead use a diet sugar subsitute! It is good as it is though. I didn't have quite enough chili powder but I did have a can of Chipotle peppers which I chopped up and threw in there. I think the smoky taste really went well with the cinnamon and I will make it exactly the same again. Oh, and I also cooked it in the crock pot! I liked the three meats but it was way to sweet.  It might have been the beer I used since i used a lighter one, but next time i think i will omit the sugar. I tried this with turkey sausage b/c my kids don't eat pork.  I also cooked it in the crock pot.  It wasn't bad but the cinnamon was OVERWHELMING, although it kind of showed up at the beginning of the bite & then receded into the background.  My wife liked it, but I was experimenting with chili that weekend & once she tried the other, she didn't want this one anymore.  Personally, as I don't really care for cinnamon, I'm unlikely to make this again. This was fantastic!  I used hot italian sausage and cubed london broil with no ground beef.  I added a chipotle pepper and much less chili powder.  I also chopped a green bell pepper.  Served with cornbread, sour cream and cheese. Four stars for a good starting point.  Used ground pork instead of Italian Sausage due to allergies from fennel/anise seeds. Omitted the sugar and added some balsamic vinegar for acidity.  It was good, however i did miss the green chilies that I normally put in chili.  I also missed the garlic, so I added a few tbsp of minced garlic plus garlic powder.  The cinnamon was a surprising addition that we all liked.  Thanks! This was a bit different from my typical Chili.  We liked the different meats.   Everyone enjoyed it.   Cooked as listed.   Maybe a pinch more chili powder and green peppers next time.  Served the second night over a baked potato.   Yummmm.
