Pfeffernusse Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/155182/pfeffernusse-cookies/
Gather the ingredients. Place molasses, honey, shortening, and margarine in a saucepan over medium heat; cook and stir until creamy. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove from heat and allow to cool to room temperature. Beat in eggs. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine flour, white sugar, brown sugar, anise, cinnamon, cardamom, baking soda, cloves, nutmeg, ginger, black pepper, and salt in a large bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add molasses mixture; stir until thoroughly combined. Refrigerate dough until well chilled, about 2 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Roll dough into acorn-sized balls and place 1 inch apart on baking sheets. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until firm to the touch with slight cracking, 10 to 15 minutes. Cool on the baking sheets briefly before removing them to a wire rack to cool completely. otdash Meredith Food Studio Dust cooled cookies with confectioners' sugar. Store in an airtight container. otdash Meredith Food Studio
My only suggestions to make this recipe closer to Pfeffernusse made in Germany, are: Use more pepper, and use white instead of black. One and a half to twice the amount of pepper will give the "nuts" a real peppery zing. Also, don't spare the XXXX sugar coating. I added ground allspice 1tsp. Loved these cookies and make them for Christmas presents If you are still experimenting, I suggest two additions - some coffee, for sure, and some whiskey - which may not have been in the store-bought versions. I am in the process of trying to create my grandmother's recipe (from Stuttgart, probably, pre-1900) and this recipe appears to lean in harder on the spices than most recipes I have found.  I would cut back on the sweetness even more, however -  starting with the white sugar - and add some allspice, maybe instead of the anise extract, which she wouldn't have had. But thank you for this recipe! These came out awesome. Even those who did not like spice cookies, or did not know what they were, liked them. My only changes were using butter in place of margarine and shortening, and I flattened them slightly into medallions. These will be one of my regulars. These were delicious and easy to make, and turned out lovely and soft. I didn't have anise extract, so I used Chinese Five Spice Powder, which has anise, cardamon and cinnamon (and fennnel, but what the heck), and they were amazing. Very tasty and complex. Baking time (with convection if it make a difference) tended towards the longer time. Will make again for sure! Lots of spices, easy to mix and form. I used Xagave in place of Honey.  Rolled dough into 2x size acorns, done in 10 min. Very tasty, could use a bit more clove. Definitely complex flavor. Next go around, will add anise to liquid, as adding to dry mix, have pellets of anise in the final product. Great cookie recipe. Will have my German friend judge. Delicious!  Very easy to make and baked up beautifully.  It’s Christmas in a cookie! My parents (who are not easy to please with sweets) and I loved these! I used butter in place of the margarine and shortening and the cookies did not spread. I also left out the anise extract, because we do not enjoy licorice-y flavors. These are flavorful cookies that have a very Christmas-y spice blend. I loved the recipe and the making process was easy to follow. The only thing I'm disappointed about is that mine turned into cookies 😂🤷🏽‍♀️ Does anyone have any idea why this happened? I will definitely be trying again until I get it right.
