Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/155375/crab-legs-with-garlic-butter-sauce/
Cut a slit, length-wise, into the shell of each piece of crab. otdash Meredith Food Studio Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and cook until translucent, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in parsley, pepper, and salt. Continue to heat mixture until bubbling. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add crab legs to the skillet; toss to coat with butter mixture. Simmer until completely heated through, 5 to 6 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
My favorite recipe ever! Split the shells before you throw the crab legs in. Once done remove the legs and pour the butter sauce into a dish for dipping....mmmmm good. this recipe is very good. i  didnt have lemon juice so i found this and wow am i amazed. it has great flavors. Absolutely delicious! Costco splits them for you! Had 2 KC legs (5 oz) each with 4 oz each grilled beef tenderloin tonight. Will do the recipe again for the remaining pound with a 12 ingredient salad later this week! I made this yesterday and the family loves it If your lucky - your grocer will have precut crab which isn’t nearly as dangerous as trying to cut your own. I admit, I am not that skilled with a knife and a hard shell like crab is daunting so I only did a few and then decided to skip and take my chances and use my crab-cracker and fork. Preparation aside, this recipe is AMAZING! Like scampi for your crab.  I used KerryGold butter and added a splash of buttery Chardonnay just before adding the crab. This is absolutely divine! We spooned the butter garlic sauce over each plate of crab and as we pulled that succulent, sweet meat out - dipped again in either what butter was on our plates or into the pan itself. Cook time is spot on. Oui! Died and went to heaven in this one! Thanks Tamaralynn! Just finished tearing these up! Had 3 lbs of clusters cooked in 2 batches. May have added a bit more butter and garlic but they came out amazing! Hands down best snow crabs we've had! Wifey is already asking when we can do this again. Lol! She's a Bostonian and is all about the Lobstas! I'm slowly converting her to the crab side and this definitely brought her over!
