No-Bake Pumpkin Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/15564/no-bake-pumpkin-pie-i/
Combine gelatin, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, and salt in a heavy saucepan; stir in condensed milk and beaten eggs, mixing well. Let stand one minute, then place on burner over low heat, stirring constantly until gelatin dissolves and mixture thickens, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir in pumpkin until thoroughly combined; pour mixture into graham cracker crust. Chill for at least 3 hours before serving.
WOW! Just bought an antique stove, but it wasn't installed for Thanksgiving. So for the holiday dessert, we decided to try a couple no-bake pies. This pumpkin pie is absolutely delicious. You wouldn't know it wasn't baked judging by it's taste and consistency; in fact this was superior. And I've baked a lot of pumpkin pies! I won't bake a pumpkin pie again, as this pie was creamier, filled the pie crust better, and in fact was easier to prepare. I usually add more spices than recipes call for, but this recipe was just right, nice and spicy. Thank you Cathy. I made two the first one came out okay it was just a tad bit on the mushy side. The second one I followed the recipe but instead of just adding pumpkin and put it immediately in a pie crust  instead I cooked the pumpkin with the other ingredients for an extra 5 to 7 minutes and it thickened the pumpkin up and it also took out that raw pumpkin taste. Great recipe! Important to thicken up the gelatin mixture. I cooked on medium for about 5 extra minutes & that did it. Great spice flavor! I will make again. I made day beforehand. Pie was set & easy to serve. I have never been a fan of pie crust , but I love pumpkin pie filling so my first Thanksgiving with my husband I tried this recipe that was 25 years ago and we have had it every year . Love it ! I used a premade walnut pie crust which was good. Excellent recipe. Tasty with all the cinnamon, nutmeg, and ginger I'm not a fan of this one, but it's worth a try. Easy to make. I think you need a higher heat than low to help the gelatin set better.Loved the taste! I love no bake recipes so even though I'm not a fan of pumpkin pie I just had to try this.  I've made 2 pies that have come out tasting better  and looking just like a baked pie.  I highly recommend you making this!!  The only thing I changed was to cut the ginger and nutmeg in half (using 1/4 tsp each).  But, using another reviewer's mention of using 1 Tbsp cornstarch versus gelatin I had to try this also.  What a FAILURE!!!  It never thickened up after 24 hours as it does with the gelatin.  (With gelatin I've found it's thickened in about 3-4 hours).  Forget the fork - you need a spoon to eat this one.  I DO NOT recommend using cornstarch.  Thank you Cathy for posting another no bake recipe that I can enjoy making.  I highly recommend anyone, skilled or non-skilled, to make this pie.  Thanks again Cathy!
