Classic Lasagna
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/156037/classic-lasagna/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add lasagna noodles and olive oil. Cook until al dente, 8 to 10 minutes; drain. Cook ground beef and sausage in a large pot over medium heat; drain. Stir in mushrooms, garlic salt, oregano, thyme, basil, and tomato sauce. Season with salt and pepper. Simmer 30 minutes. Meanwhile, mix ricotta cheese, eggs, and Parmesan cheese together in a bowl. Cover the bottom of a 9x13-inch baking dish with a thin layer of sauce. Layer 3 lasagna noodles over sauce. Spread about 1/3 ricotta cheese mixture over noodles. Sprinkle about 1/4 mozzarella cheese over ricotta cheese mixture. Ladle about 1/3 meat sauce over mozzarella cheese. Repeat layering twice more, finishing with remaining mozzarella cheese. Bake in preheated oven until cheese melts and sauce bubbles, about 90 minutes. Cover lasagna with foil if cheese begins to get too dark. Let sit 10 to 15 minutes before serving.
This recipe was really great. I read the other reviews about adding the cheese last, etc. There is a very easy solution to this. I just covered the pan with foil, and baked for one hour. I removed the foil after the hour and completed the baking for an additional 30 minutes. I was concerned with all of the tomato sauce and adusted slightly. I added 2 (15 oz) cans of tomato sauce and 1 (6 oz) can of tomato paste with the garlic/oregano flavoring. It turned out perfectly. Cut very easily and my hubby loved it. Don't forget to place foil in the bottom of your oven! Saves big mess. Thanks for the recipe. Will definitely make again. Awesome but I put my twist on also and it was delicious 😋 This is my very first time making lasagna, so I went your recipe. I haven't tasted it yet. I'll be adding this to recipe binder. Great recipe! I substituted cottage cheese for ricotta and added a top layer of sliced mozzarella. 90 minutes at 350 is WAY too long. 40-45 is perfect. Awful. I followed the recipe to the letter. 90 minutes cooking time seemed like a lot but always best to follow the recipe. The cheese top turned nearly black. Won't do this again. This was an easy to make and delicious lasagna.  My husband and I both really liked the taste and consistency.  Great for freezing also! Did not use the pork, added more beef and it was awesome
