Vasilopita - Greek New Years Cake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/15723/vaselopita-greek-new-years-cake/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Generously grease a 10-inch round cake pan. Beat sugar and butter together in a medium bowl until lighter in color; stir in flour and mix until the mixture is mealy. Add eggs one at a time, mixing well after each addition. Combine baking powder and milk; add to egg mixture, mix well. Combine lemon juice and baking soda; stir into the batter. Pour into the prepared cake pan. Bake in the preheated oven for 20 minutes. Remove and sprinkle the nuts and sugar over the cake, then return it to the oven until cake springs back to the touch, about 20 to 30 additional minutes. Gently cut a small hole in the cake and place a quarter in the hole. Try to cover the hole with sugar. Cool cake on a rack for 10 minutes before inverting onto a plate. Serve cake warm.
Fantastic recipe!I am greek,living in Athens,was looking for a new vassilopita recipe and tried this one...my husband said it is the best he ever had,my children loved it,it was consumed on the spot,even after a rich new year's dinner! I topped it with our favorite creem cheese frosting,and wrote on top of it 2007 as is the tradition,using mini m+m's.Should have taken a picture! The cake was very easy to make!!  I did boil a 'newer' quarter and placed it into the cake when it was hot out of the oven and covered the area with sugar.  I HOPE I find it!! :)The flavor is very good, simple, and I liked it but did not love it.  Maybe be good pouring a 'sugar syrup' over it after it has baked?  I don't like changing recipes though so won't make it again.  But I did enjoy it.  Thank you for the recipe!! :) This came out a bit dense. It raised an eyebrow to mix the baking soda and lemon juice before adding to the batter. It foamed up just like your chemistry teacher said it would, and I'm guessing that neutralized it as a raising agent. I added the zest of 2 lemons and 1 tsp of lemon extract. It was a hit at my New Year brunch! Absolutely perfect! Super fluffy & delish! It was delicious. I had to host a New Years party at my sisters house.  I had to come up with idea for the icing . Used carnal Apple topping on the cake.  They boys were allergic to nuts.  So I thought outside the bag.  I took some Oreo cookies and grounded them up in the food blender. When they were done.  I used them as a topping for this cake.  They wanted a toy baby didn’t have one. So I used a  Macintosh cherry and baked i it into the cake.  It was extremely yummy and a big hit at the party.  Whoever found the cherry won the cool prize. This was my first vasilopita, so I wasn't sure what to expect. It was delicious, essentially a pound cake. I saw that many reviewers  noted it took much longer to bake than the recipe called for, so I decided to be clever and make it in a two-part tube pan like you make angel food cake in. I figured that the hole in the center would help it bake through in the time given. Well, sort of. instead, as many reviewers stated about the springform pan called for, the batter leaked out. (Fortunately, in case of that, I had placed the pan on a parchment-lined baking sheet, so no mess in my oven). But what DID happen was that the leaking batter went up the center of the tube, making its own mini-cake. Perhaps because of the leaking, the cake was not as tall as I hoped. At least we got the mini-cake to taste-test before taking the full-cake to a New Year's brunch! The cake got good reviews, and I will make it again.  Aside from the pan, the only thing I did different was to grate a little orange zest into the batter. Next time I think I will use a Bundt pan,  and will dust with powdered sugar rather than granulated. It was really good! I made it in a Bundt pan. I did need to bake it longer, about 15 minutes.  But I didn’t think it was dry, and it was plenty sweet. Delicious! A new tradition is born for my family! (I hid a whole almond instead of a coin)Thank you for this lovely recipe.
