Outrageous Warm Chicken Nacho Dip
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/157940/outrageous-warm-chicken-nacho-dip/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir processed cheese food, diced tomatoes with chiles, shredded cooked chicken, sour cream, green onion, jalapeño, and taco seasoning together in a slow cooker. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cover and cook on High, stirring occasionally, until cheese has melted and dip is hot, 1 to 2 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in black beans and cook until heated through, 15 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve with chips. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
DELICIOUS!!!! Made this for our weekly "dip night", and we totally tore it up! I didn't use the optional chopped jalapenos because my 2 year old was eating this as well. Oh, and I did use the mild rotel instead of the regular to cut a little heat (again, for the little guy). I also added the beans in with the rest of the ingredients instead of waiting until the end and they cooked up fine with no mushiness or breakage. This dip is a new favorite in my house! Thanks for posting. :) I didn’t have any sour cream so substituted mayo and didn’t have rotel so chopped up 2 small tomatoes and added a can of red enchilada sauce. I also added the juice of one lime and some chopped fresh cilantro. Yum! I followed this recipe exactly as written except I used 1 tablespoon of jalapenos. Very creamy and tastes really good! It's a keeper. Fantastic dip! I do half processed cheese and half shredded cheddar and extra jalapeños. My family loves this dip! This dip was delicious! I cut back on the jalapeños a little bit to cut down on the heat, but used all of the other ingredients as is! I will definately make this again! Excellent dish that was well received. I used two 8oz blocks of cheddar cheese instead of Velveeta, diced red onion and Greek yogurt which is a great substitute for sour cream. It is thick and comes out more like a well seasoned chicken dish than a dip. I definitely plan to make this again. I made it with less “heat” and it was a big hit. I used shredded cheddar instead of Velveeta. This is a family favorite - we make it all the time and kids love it. Follow the recipe - adjusting for spiciness. I use milk to thin it IF it gets too thick in the crock pot. I also cook the chicken in the crock pot, scoop it out at 200 degrees, shred it and add it back in with the black beans. We also love to use the leftovers for enchilada filling after a couple of days in the fridge! I didn't shred the chicken just cut it in small pieces, turned out great. I didn't use my slow cooker either just heated it all up so we could try it faster. It didn't last long. So my husband does not cook and he made this for the guys!  I was so pleased and everyone loved it! Quick, easy, rich. A winner! Made it exactly like it says and now its a regular appetizer in our house!  Thank you for the recipe! I doubled the recipe for a football watch party. First I sauted some onion, red bell, garlic, jalapenos. Didn't put as much chicken in as it called for (I boiled some chicken tenders). Did not use sour cream cause I didn't have any but used 1/2 cup of cream of chicken instead. Used 1 cup of drained bean.Added extra cumin. Everyone loved it. I love this recipe! It’s one of my favorites from this site. I make it as written, except that I add 1 cup of shredded cheddar to the mixture, and I don’t use Jalapeños. Turns out perfect every time. Yum yum! So, on my day off, I took such advantage of my free time that I discovered I only had about an hour to make something suitable for the horde's dinner. While frantically taking kitchen inventory, I discovered that I had still had chicken breasts, already thawed, cleaned and trimmed, that I thought I had used but didn't. Once I took a nervous whiff and verified that they were still kosher, I searched for the rest of the ingredients and, Hallelujah!, I had them all but the black beans.  (Sad face. I love frijole negros...obviously.)I followed the instructions as listed with the exception of one thing - Velveeta. I cannot stand Velveeta. If I could use a food item as a self-defense weapon,  it somehow loses all epicurean appeal to me. So instead, I used a combination of queso and shredded Fiesta blend cheeses.  I cooked and shredded the chicken, so consequently, I didn't have the hour to wait on the slow cooker (ironic, when you think about it). So, I made this on the stove top. (Hence my use of queso.) Still possible to pull off but I did discover exactly why this is better to do in a slow cooker. When cooking with a cheese-based dish on the stove top, you have to go low and slow and you have to stay with it. I won't go into how I was reminded of that.Regardless , this recipe stood up to my blunders and turned out absolutely delicious! The only reason I'm not giving this 5 stars is because this is a great base for a dip or a fast and yummy meal  - which is exactly what I used it for and it was soooo  good! - but because so much can be done with this, it doesn't feel complete in and of itself.  However, this is one of the most simple and still most flavorful dishes to make in a pinch with ingredients you most likely already have. With more prep, you can easily make this a highly requested meal.  And, if you don't go crazy with it,  it's really not that bad for you. Sure, you can tweak the sour cream or cut back on the cheese, if you feel you need to, but other than that, this isn't something that would send you spiraling into a marathon of guilt-exercise. You can adjust the heat, add more ingredients and make this as meaty, as hot, or as cheesy as you wish. Kudos to you, brightlightz!  Because of your tasty recipe, we have another staple to add to the rotation. Dinner was saved, the horde is content, and, therefore, so am I. I made it for the super bowl party. Followed it to the letter, as written. Huge hit with everyone. This was not one I’d make again. It tasted so much like a melted block of Velveeta cheese and not much else. Pretty disappointing.
