Homemade Spaghetti Sauce with Ground Beef
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/158140/spaghetti-sauce-with-ground-beef/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine ground beef, onion, garlic, and green pepper in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Cook and stir until meat is browned and crumbly and vegetables are tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain grease. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir diced tomatoes, tomato sauce, and tomato paste into the pan. Season with oregano, basil, salt, and pepper. Simmer spaghetti sauce for 1 hour, stirring occasionally. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO
This recipe was very easy and tasty. It's a really hearty sauce and next time I'll add sauteed mushrooms. I'll certainly make it again!! Wonderful recipe I added cremini mushrooms grated the onion added sun dried tomatoes 1 tsp sugar and 1 teas crushed chili flakes added some chic broth so I could simmer longer and five stars. Great recipe! I added some cream (1/2 c.), added some mild Italian sausage and used red bell pepper instead of green. I added 1/2 t. of sugar also. I cooked the meat, then removed it from the pan with a slotted spoon and cooked the veggies in about 2 T. of the grease, then added the meat back in. If you do add Italian sausage, remember to greatly reduce the amount of salt to maybe 1/8 t. or it will be too salty! Since all the stores were closed for Easter, and we couldn't get our Old Bay steamed snow crab, we had Easter spaghetti instead. excellent recipe.. hubby had 2 helpings (he doesn't usually like sauce).. i added 2 chopped carrots and 2 celery stalks.. plus 1 1/2 cups water.. to simmer..later added 3 tbsps cornstarch to thicken.. thx for sharing Easy to make because I usually have these ingredients in my kitchen. I added 2 T. soy sauce, 1/4 t. salt, 1/2 t. sugar and 2 t. Worcestershire sauce to the ground beef before I sautéed it with the onions and garlic, as another reader advised. I do not like green peppers, so did not add them, but did add a small can of sliced olives. Also, I like my sauce a bit spicy, so I added a few shakes of red pepper flakes. I put it all in my crock pot on high for 3 hours. My husband and I loved it! Thank you!! This recipe is delicious as is. Each time I've made it I add something new and it still tastes great. I like to use a can of diced tomatoes already seasoned with basil. Since I have a toddler who is picky about veggies, I found she likes to pick them out of this sauce and actually EAT them, so in addition to the bell peppers I throw in some sautéed mushrooms, diced zucchini, diced carrots and fresh spinach (it wilts down as it all simmers). We love it! I also do half ground turkey and half Italian sausage, and I add a couple tablespoons of sugar. I'm rating the original recipe, which is great as is, but just sharing my personal twist that makes it just as good. Next time I make lasagna I think I may use this instead of adding a jar of sauce to my meat. It's probably a lot healthier! Thanks for the great recipe! My family loves it! This is a great basic sauce. I am feeding a crew so I had to double the recipe, and I didn't have tomato sauce, so I substituted two cans of Red Gold tomatoes with garlic, parsley and oregano added. Then I just used my handheld puree blender and chopped it all up in the pan, including the diced tomatoes. Also, I did follow the advice of another reviewer and added about 4 TBS of sugar and at the end I put in about 1/3 cup of heavy cream. Since the tomatoes I used already had garlic, oregano and parsley, I only added a little more garlic powder, and I omitted the pepper (not a huge fan of pepper). I really don't like posting a bunch of adjustments to a recipe, but in this case I did so if there are others out there who find themselves without tomato sauce, or diced tomatoes, they will know you can always substitute other forms of tomatoes. I do highly recommend the heavy cream if you have some on hand. It really help take down the tomatoey taste and gave the sauce a nice rich flavor. You could also add real butter to help achieve that. I have to admit, this is the first time I have ever made my own spaghetti sauce and I am definitely now a HUGE FAN...so is my family. And, this is coming from a crew who LOVES spaghetti! Absolutely delicious sauce! I didn't change any of the ingredients. The only change I made to this was the cook time. I put all ingredients in the crock pot and slow cooked for 8 hours. I noticed within an hour it had great flavor already. I also ran my sauce through the chopper to chop chunky tomatoes, peppers and onions as my kids aren't a fan of "chunks". This was a great sauce and I will probably never buy it from a can or jar again! I fixed this for supper tonight and it went over wonderful. Wife even went back for a second helping even though she doesn’t like tomatoes. The best spaghetti sauce I have ever eaten. I began by browning the ground beef, onion, garlic, and green pepper in a sauce pan. While the meat and vegetables where browning, I combined the diced tomatoes, tomato sauce, and tomato paste in the crock pot. Once the meat and vegetables where brown, I added the oregano, basil, salt, and pepper and let that simmer for a short time. I then combined all the ingredients in the crock pot and let it simmer for four hours. The wine!! The italians add wine to their sauce. When the ground beef is cooked, I put half a bottle of red wine an let it reduce by half. Then I add the tomatoes and let it cook. You don't taste the alcool, it just gives more depth to the sauce. I also substitute the bell peppers for mushrooms. 1 tsp New Mexican Molido Chile powder made this recipe medium hot- more to my taste, and I used crushed tomatoes instead of the diced because that's what was in my cupboard. Good but very thick Very good. I added 1tbsp of sugar, mushrooms, habanero sauce, more garlic, parsley, cilantro and 1 cup of merlot.  Simmered for 1 hr and 15minutes since I added the wine. Loved it and the aromas in my house as it was simmering. My neighbors let me know I was cooking something special. It can't be more simple.  I didn't have any basil.  It was still very good.  Not having basil in made a more mellow taste IMO.
