Mom's Chicken and Dumplings
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/15867/chicken-and-dumplings-iii/
In a large pot over high heat, combine chicken with enough water to cover; bring to a boil. Boil until chicken is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, 15 to 20 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Drain some water, reserving 3 cups in the pot. Remove chicken, allow it to cool slightly, then pull it apart into bite-sized pieces and return to the pot. Add condensed soup, season with salt and pepper, and set the heat to medium. Pull biscuit dough into pieces, and add it to the pot. Simmer until dough is cooked through, 7 to 8 minutes.
GREAT basic recipe! I modified it a bit (like everyone else) as follows: Sauteed 1/8 c chopped onion and 1 lg. garlic clove (chopped) in 1 TBL butter before adding chicken. I used chicken tenderloin and covered it with 2 cans chicken broth. Did not drain any broth when chicken was done. Added 1 c cream of chicken, 1 c cream of mushroom and 1 can cream of celery soup and 1/2 box frozen peas and carrots. I used two cans of Pillsbury buttermilk biscuits and after sprinkling about 1 TBL of Wondra (very fine) flour on a paper plate, cut them into a tic-tac-toe pattern. I dusted the dumplings with the flour on the plate and put 1/2 of them in the pot to cook (when it was boiling). They took about 15 minutes. After we had eaten all of the dumplings in the pot, I turned the heat back on, let it come to a boil again and cooked the remaining dumplings for the leftovers. Without the dumplings crowding into each other, they plumped nicely, didn't stick together and there were plenty for the leftovers. Simple and delicious! The only adjustments I made to the recipe were cooking the chicken in chicken broth instead of water along with a blend of chopped onions, celery, and bell peppers. After adding the chicken back to the broth, I added a mixture of chopped carrots, green beans, and corn. It turned out so yummy! It is a very good starting point recipe. Play around with the ingredients by adding different spices, herbs, veggies, etc.! Make it your own version.I saw a tip recently to freeze your dumplings before adding them to the pot to prevent them from sticking to each other.  I'm trying that today. I'm using Pillsbury pop biscuits.No need to criticize this recipe! Just make it your own! Good recipe.  Added diced potato and carrots and onion. The picture looked good, too bad the finished product as written was not good I added 1 small white onion. Minced garlic. Also veggies (celery, corn, carrots, string beans and peas). I used sally, pepper, seasoned salt, salt free garlic and herb seasoning. Also a dash of crack seasoning. Also 2 table spoons of butter and flour to thicken. Super good!! Made some modifications. So delicious Delicious! I added some veggies to it too! This was good and pretty cool proof. I really altered the recipe based on ingredients that I had on hand. And nothing seemed to screw it up. Made it, loved it! Thanks for sharing
