Stout-Braised Lamb Shanks
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/158799/stout-braised-lamb-shanks/
Heat oil in a Dutch oven or large, wide pot over medium-high heat until oil begins to smoke. Sear lamb shanks in hot oil on all sides until browned, about 10 minutes. Remove lamb shanks and set aside. Drain excess grease. Add onion and garlic to the Dutch oven over medium heat. Cook and stir until onion is softened and translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in carrots, celery, and tomato paste; cook for 5 minutes more. Return lamb shanks to the Dutch oven and pour in broth and stout beer. Use kitchen twine to tie together thyme, parsley, and bay leaf into a secure bundle; add to lamb shanks. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer, stirring occasionally, until lamb is tender and nearly falls off the bone, 2 to 3 hours. Stir in rosemary sprig and season with salt and pepper during the last 10 minutes of cooking. Remove rosemary sprig and herb bundle before serving.
Cooked as directed except I can't get fresh herbs so I just sprinkled dried parsley, thyme, and rosemary in it instead. Absolutely divine. Used a home brew porter for the beer. Will make again. It was delicious! Awesome.  Though I thought it could use a bit (not a lot) of salt.  Easy to make.  I added some mushrooms as well. The gravy is wonderful Great recipe. Only subbed lager for stoudt. Lots of rosemary. Simmered 2 shanks for 2 hours. Added some leftover boiled potatoes at the end. Made jasmine rice to go with it. Not a morsel left over! This is good.  I thickened the sauce and used it as gravy on some mashed potatoes.  I did have to top it with sriracha, though, because it was kind of bland. Thus, the four instead of five stars. This is good.  I thickened the sauce and used it as gravy on some mashed potatoes.  I did have to top it with sriracha, though, because it was kind of bland. Thus, the four instead of five stars. If you think you don't like lamb, please give this a try it will change your mind. Served over homemade mashed potatoes,  this has become a favorite at our home. cooked according to directions. amazing everytime! boyfriend loves it. I make it with a side of mashed potatos and asparagus Not a fan of dark beer but one year it seemed ABSOLUTELY NECESSARY to have lamb and something Irish related for St Paddy’s day.  I made the mistake of ordering the lamb by piece, not weight and it ended up being very expensive.  I gulped, paid and headed home.  I am SOOOOO glad I goofed!   This was one of the most complex, rich, amazing dishes I’ve ever cooked.  It was so worth the expense and we savored ever morsel of the leftovers for days.  It is now our required fare for our Green Day.  And as luck would have it, I found out this year I’m 1/4 IRISH!!!!  There’s a reason for my blarney!
