Old Fashioned Paradise Pumpkin Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/15947/old-fashioned-paradise-pumpkin-pie/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). To Make Cheesecake Layer: In a medium mixing bowl, beat cream cheese until smooth. Beat in 1/4 cup sugar, then add vanilla extract and 1 egg. Beat mixture until light and smooth. Chill mixture for 30 minutes, then spread into pastry shell. To Make Pumpkin Layer: In a large bowl, combine pumpkin puree, evaporated milk, 2 eggs, 1/4 cup brown sugar, 1/4 cup white sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, and salt. Mix until all ingredients are thoroughly combined. Pour pumpkin mixture over cream cheese layer. Cover edges of crust with aluminum foil. Bake in preheated oven for 25 minutes. Remove foil from edges and bake an additional 25 minutes. To Make Pecan Streusel Layer: While pie is in oven, combine flour and 2 tablespoons brown sugar in a small bowl. Mix well, then add softened butter or margarine and stir until ingredients are combined. Mix in pecans. After pie has been in oven for 50 minutes, remove and sprinkle pecan streusel evenly over top. Bake for an additional 10 to 15 minutes, until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean.
Today is the third time I have made this pie. I wish I had come and reread the reviews before making this morning. The last two times my pie has marbled and I think that letting the cream cheese chill in the pie crust until very set is a GREAT idea. Also, pouring the top layer on extra careful would definately help. I just wanted to see if anyone else had this problem. OKAY...as far as everything else goes, I LOVE this pie. I double the streusal layer and today I added about 2 tablespoons of flour to pumpkin mixture to help it set a little better. This seems to do the trick as I am usually baking this pie WAY longer than recipe says. I would just plan on leaving the foil on at least an extra 15 minutes so, your crust doesn't burn if you need to contine baking pie. This was amazingly good! My husband said I’m only allowed to make this pumpkin pie ever again. I did double the topping based on reviewer feedback. Thank you! Best pie recipe! I make it for my family every year! Woah! This is what heaven tastes like. Delicious! I could definitely taste the cheesecake and it was interesting, but paired well! I tweaked a few things including adding 2 tablespoons of flour to the pumpkin mix, as well as 2 more eggs if you really want to firm it up. I would also freeze the cream cheese mix after setting it into the pie crust until it is solid enough to marble.  I would also double the amount of cream cheese mix and double the streusel layer. I also had to get two 9 inch pie crusts and make 2 pies, as all of this could not fit in one pan. Overall it was very delicious and I would make this again with whipped cream or vanilla ice cream to top! This pie is absolutely amazing and i got so many comments on it. I did find that I had to cook it 20 minutes longer then the recipe called for but it was worth the wait. i did add double the topping. I did have the problem of the bottom two marbling. I've made this pie about 20 times, and it's such a hit with guests that I have not made any other pies in quite a while! Here's my tips for making it even better:The crust: I use the deluxe flaky crust recipe from the Pie and Pastry Bible, but I use 3x the salt stated in the recipe.The cheesecake layer: I don't modify this at all.The pumpkin layer: In addition to the cinnamon and nutmeg, I also add one teaspoon of ginger to mine. Otherwise, no other modifications. After roasting and pureeing the pumpkin, I strain the puree to remove as much water as possible.The pecan streusel layer: I use about twice as much as the recipe states, and I have a secret ingredient I started using a few pies ago that really sets it off. Chopped bacon! Each one of my pies has 4 strips (not the thick kind) of cooked bacon finely chopped into the streusel mix. I'm guessing after some of you try this, you might even want to use more bacon!How to keep the layers separate: Chill the cheesecake layer in the crust before adding the pumpkin mixture. I usually have mine in the freezer for a while. When adding the pumpkin mixture, pour slowly over the back of a serving spoon. Obviously it should not be warm, however, there's no need to refrigerate it (you can though).The cook time: I find the cook time to be about right for a somewhat shallow pie. If using deeper glassware, you will need to cook longer, and at a lower temperature to avoid overcooking the crust.The prep time is a lot longer than stat Delicious, my family and friends loved it! Easy to make as is, wonderful taste This is a fantastic pie and I will definitely be making it again! The only changes I made was after I put the cream cheese layer in the crust was to refrigerate it while I made the pumpkin filling. I was tempted to marble it intentionally.... maybe next time! :)
