Grandma's Corn Pudding
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/15985/grandmas-corn-pudding/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Grease a 2-quart casserole dish. otdash Meredith Food Studio Whisk eggs lightly in a large bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add milk, melted butter, sugar, and cornstarch; whisk until well combined. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in drained corn and cream-style corn until fully blended. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour mixture into the prepared casserole dish. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown on top, about 1 hour. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Update: 11 years later and this is STILL a favorite Thanksgiving dish! I've started using 4 eggs and SOMETIMES adding some crushed buttery crackers. It always turns out great, it all gets eaten, and I love it so much!The only thing I changed was that I only used 3 eggs and I thought it was AMAZING! When I ate it, I did add salt, but I'm a huge salt lover so that's totally a "to taste" thing. For those people who made comments about how this was "too much corn"... it's called CORN PUDDING... of course there's a lot of corn! If you don't like corn, this recipe isn't for you! If you like corn... enjoy, it's amazing! I used frozen corn not canned ITS INCREDIBLE!!! I don't wait for a holiday to make it. It was, at the end of the day, corn pudding! Like, there wasn't anything TOO wrong with it, there wasn't anything too right with it though either. I felt like it could have used brown sugar or cinnamon to help bring it together, but it just was so bland. If you love corn pudding that's, well, JUST corn pudding, this would work for you. However, after two spoonfuls of it, it gets pretty boring to eat pretty fast. First time I made this, I made it exactly to recipe. I felt it had too many eggs and I felt something was missing. I rarely use cornstarch even though it’s great for puddings, custards, and gravies. My Mom said the basics are there but just need tweaking. So, I know you can substitute flour for cornstarch so that’s what I did. I used flour, 3 eggs, 1/2 cup sugar, salt and evaporated milk.  I saw someone commented to add vanilla extract but I might try that another time just for added flavor. Time wise, My Mom said to pull it out of the oven when it hardly shakes and has browned edges. Tastes amazing and the consistency is perfect. My Mom is heading over for the other pan. 😋
