Chocolate Bourbon Pecan Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/15994/chocolate-bourbon-pecan-pie/
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees F). Heat sugar, corn syrup, and butter in a small saucepan over medium heat, stirring constantly, until butter melts and sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat and cool slightly, about 5 minutes. Whisk eggs, bourbon, vanilla, and salt together in a large bowl until well combined. Slowly pour sugar mixture into egg mixture, whisking constantly. Stir in chocolate chips and pecans. Pour mixture into pie shell. Bake in the preheated oven until set and golden, 50 to 55 minutes. Serve warm or chilled.
this is my recipe that I have been making for at least 15 years for Thanksgiving & Christmas...I have changed it slightly to make it the way we really love. 3/4c sugar instead of of 1c, 2 tbsp bourbon instead of 1/4c and 1/2c choc chips instead of 6 oz. Make it in a DEEP pie dish, as this makes a lot of filling!! Thanksgiving isn't Thanksgiving for me without this pie. I've been making this for several years now. LOVE IT!! I use pecan liquor, as my recipes all have to be converted to gluten and dairy free. This is truly delish, and simple. This has become a tradition in our home for Thanksgiving and Christmas. I actually make 1.5 times the recipe and it is the perfect amount to fill 2 9” deep dish frozen pie crusts. Sometimes it don’t use the bourbon, and it comes out just as delicious. My son says it’s not a holiday without these pies! I made this pie for Thanksgiving this year. Everyone loved it! Next time I make it, I will spread the semi sweet chocolate chips evenly on the bottom of the pie shell instead adding them to the pie filling mixture. When I added them to the pie filling mixture, they began to melt and it took a little effort to get them to spread evenly. This is a family favorite; we've made it several years in a row now. I always use a homemade deep dish pie crust, as it does make a lot!  Also pour the dark chocolate chips and pecans into the pie crust first, then pour the egg/sugar mixture over it. Delicious! I’ve used this recipe for years!! My recipe tweeks: use dark chocolate instead of semi sweet for sure!!Add course sea salt to the top. It's a fan favorite!! I have friends that request this every year.  I do use mini chips instead of the regular ones.  This year I’m going to try it with Goslings dark rum liqueur and see how it goes.  I agree with past reviewers that you need a deep dish pie crust. This is so good. I make it every year for Thanksgiving and Christmas I like this best chilled and I do a generous pour on the bourbon bc I like the flavor. I line the crust with chocolate chips then pour the filling. Delicious
