Caramels
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/16018/caramels/
Grease a 12x15-inch pan; set aside. Attach a candy thermometer to a medium-size pot. Place whipping cream, white sugar, brown sugar, butter, corn syrup, and evaporated milk into the prepared pot. Cook and stir mixture over medium heat until temperature reaches 250 degrees F (120 degrees C). Remove the pot from heat. otdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in vanilla. Pour mixture into the prepared pan; let cool completely. otdash Meredith Food Studios Cut caramel into 60 small squares. otdash Meredith Food Studios Wrap them in waxed paper for storage. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
I have read the reviews on this recipe and think I know why some of you have caramels that turn out too soft and some too hard. First of all this recipe says to cook to the hard ball stage. The hard ball stage has a range of 250 - 266 degrees. To find out what degree you should use for your candy, use this calculation...Candy should come in 1 degree lower than indicated in the recipe for each increase of 500 feet above sea level. For instance if your recipe calls for 250 degrees and you live at 2000 feet above sea level, take 4 degrees off which would come to 246 degrees. Also, the book says that one day your candy may set using 250 degrees and the next day it may take 254 degrees depending on weather, etc. You could always use the cold water test...drop a teaspoon into very cold water to see how it sets. Hard ball stage should hold it's shape when removed from the water and formed into a ball, but should still be pliable.---I HOPE THIS HELPS!!! Kim it was great This is probably he best caramels I’ve ever eaten.   Maybe I’m biased since I made it but ooooooooh my goodnesss it is just perfection.  I’m baffled at the “negative” review because this caramel is flawless This is the first recipe that is the perfect Carmel. Thanks for sharing. Very similar to a recipe passed on to me from my grandmother--but, adjusting for altitude gave me the best caramels I have made from this recipe.  Thanks. I made this today and I can tell you this is absolutely incredible.  It took me 40mins.  I poured it out in the pan...I let it cool for a little bit on the counter...I chopped pecans, macadamias, walnuts, and almond bark. I did not mixed the nuts together...I just laid them accoss different sections of the caramel.  OMG!  Better than See's Candy OMG!!! I make these every year at Christmas time, and if I don't, I will be hunted down since they're so yummy My neighbor made these for Christmas and they were to die for!  She added Maldon Sea Salt on top (pressing in)  and refrigerated before cutting. I begged for the recipe and can't wait to try for myself. I used sweetened evaporated milk and a pinch of kosher salt If I could do zero stars I would. Hate the flavor. Hate the texture. I have made HUNDREDS of batches of caramel and this is the first to burn, taste bad and have a horrible texture. Do yourself a favor and find a good recipe you have made before. Wish I would have stuck to my favorite recipe. This is not it.
