Chocolate Popcorn
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/160595/chocolate-popcorn/
Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C). Spray a 10x15-inch baking pan with nonstick spray. Place popcorn and peanuts into a large metal bowl; set aside. Combine sugar, butter, corn syrup, and cocoa together in a saucepan over medium-high heat; bring to a boil, stirring continuously, and cook for 2 minutes. Stir in vanilla, then pour over popcorn in the bowl. Stir until popcorn is well-coated; spread on the prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven, stirring several times, for 30 minutes. Remove popcorn from the oven; allow to cool to room temperature to crisp up. Break into small clumps and store in an airtight container.
I decided to give this recipe a try after loving the caramel popcorn one. I popped my own popcorn in a pot. After reading some reviews about the popcorn being too greasy, I cut the butter to 1/4 cup. I used 1/2 cup of granulated sugar and 1/4 cup of light brown sugar. Melted the butter first (that makes it easier to incorporate the cocoa powder) and then add the corn syrup, cocoa, and I added 1/2 teaspoon of salt. After letting it boil for 2 minutes, I took it off the heat, and stirred in the vanilla and added 1/2 teaspoon of baking soda. The mixture starts to foam after adding the baking soda; I immediately poured over popcorn and baked for 1 hour stirring every 15 minutes. The popcorn was not greasy whatsoever. One tip: it tastes better the day after you make it. This is a very, very dangerous recipe.  I can't stop picking at it!  I followed the instructions exactly (except for a pinch of salt).  Easy, things on hand... I used 1/2 cup of kernels and that seemed to work perfectly.  Used a silicone mat on my bake sheet for easy handling.Another time, I'll try mariob_1988's changes as they sound sensible to me.  Got a chuckle out of "Allrecipes Member" that seemed to put unpopped kernels in her oven and then wondered why it didn't work.  Thank you, sueb for posting this recipe! Did not work. The popcorn wouldn't pop in the oven. I did everything as the instructions said and I had to throw everything in the garbage. Guess I was the unlucky one. Absolutely wonderful! Very easy! This popcorn is amazing. My mom and I followed the note that said 1 cup unpopped popcorn equal 2 quarts popped popcorn. That was May to much. 1/4 cup unpopped popcorn is 2 quarts. The peanuts are awesome with the popcorn. We made 8 quarts. Will make it again, but make less popped popcorn Such a simple and delicious recipe! We have added to our holiday treat give away list, since that's a thing we do in our family. We omit the peanuts and add sprinkles/candies reflecting whatever holiday (Christmas, Valentine's, etc.). Putting it in the oven gives it a very nice crisp! This is by far the best tasting chocolate.  It reminds me of the chocolate suckers at See's Candies. Everyone at bookclub raved about this dessert. Plus I made it using Earth Balance (used only 1/2 called for in recipe) instead of butter for someone who has a dairy allergy and it was fantastic. If you like popcorn and brownies this recipe is for you! I did two batches. The first I followed the recipe exactly. The second batch I cut the peanuts to 1/2 cup. Both batches are delicious. It clumped just like everyone said but it was yummy. I added extra butter and salt and added cayenne. Disappointed but it’s delicious
