Awesome Slow Cooker Pot Roast
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/16066/awesome-slow-cooker-pot-roast/
Mix condensed soup, water, and dry onion soup mix in a slow cooker. Place pot roast in the slow cooker and coat with soup mixture. Cook on Low for 8 to 9 hours or High for 3 to 4 hours. abeveryda
I have made this recipe at least 15 times. What I have found that the best cut of meat to use is a tri-tip roast. There is no need to brown the meat but I do recommend triming off as much fat as possible. One problem I had was that there was always too much gravy left over. I have recently discovered that this recipe comes out just as spectacular using one can of soup and half a can of water. Do use the regular amount of onion soup mix. It should be cooked to perfection in about six hours.I also have a suggestion on the type of slowcooker used. I first tried making this recipe in a small Nesco but it was not able to keep the roast completely immersed in the soup mixture. I use a Rival. It is 7 inches wide and about 5 inches deep. This is the most typical slowcooker around. Finally a word on adding vegetables. I tried adding carrots and potatoes to this recipe and for some reason the gravy was not very flavorful. For this reason I just leave them out.Good luck! I made it as listed adding a  bag of baby carrots and used dried onions 1/4 cup  instead of onion dip mix since we are watching salt intake and our friends loved it. We made this for a Sunday night dinner with our adult daughter and it was a hit! The only change I made was using beef stock instead of water to give it a touch more richness. This was the best pot roast I've had in years (and my wife makes a really good pot roast). My wife thought it was excellent, at least rivaling hers and maybe a little better. No vegetables with the  roast but we made mashed potatoes and carrots as sides. There was plenty of gravy to smother the potatoes. Definitely a keeper! Too much sodium VERY dry So easy!! I halved the recipe. I added lots of mushrooms. Enjoyed the meal and would make it again. I’ve been making it this way for years. It’s a family favorite.
