Chicken Biryani
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/16102/chicken-biryani/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat 2 tablespoons of oil in a large skillet. Fry potatoes in hot oil until lightly browned, about 3 to 5 minutes. Remove to a paper towel-lined plate to drain; set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add remaining 2 tablespoons of oil to the skillet. Add onions, garlic, and fresh ginger; cook and stir until onion is soft and golden. Add tomatoes, salt, cumin, chili powder, pepper, and turmeric; cook, stirring constantly, for 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in yogurt, mint, ground cardamom, and cinnamon stick. Cover and cook over low heat, stirring occasionally, until tomatoes are cooked to a pulp. It may be necessary to add a little hot water if mixture becomes too dry and starts to stick to the pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add chicken and stir well to coat. Cover and cook over very low heat until chicken is tender, 35 to 45 minutes. There should only be a little very thick gravy left when chicken is finished cooking. If necessary cook uncovered for a few minutes to reduce the gravy. otdash Meredith Food Studio Meanwhile, make the rice: Wash rice well and drain in a colander for at least 30 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat oil in a large skillet. Add onion; cook and stir until golden. Add cardamom pods, cloves, cinnamon stick, ground ginger, and saffron; stir in rice until coated with spices. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat stock and salt in a medium pot until hot; pour over rice and stir well. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add chicken mixture and potatoes; stir gently to combine. Bring to a boil. otdash Meredith Food Studio Reduce heat to very low, cover with a tight-fitting lid, and steam for 20 minutes without lifting the lid or stirring. otdash Meredith Food Studio Spoon biryani onto a warm serving dish. otdash Meredith Food Studio
this recipe is absolute rubbish , excuse me but it is not biryani its more like a mixture of tahiri and pullao I've made this recipe many times and I love it its so flavorful! This is the second time I’ve made this recipe and I love it!!! It’s one of my go tos!!! wow Not a traditional biryani but it taste nice It was well written very easy to follow and it was delicious I had to make a few changes since I used a premixed biryani spice but all and all it was great will definitely be making it again soon I did mine in the Instant Pot The flavour in this was pretty good.  Only changes I would make would be to cut the rice in half....there is way to much.  I'd also probably add a tad more chili powder (not what we Canadians call chili powder but "red chili" powder) and when prepping for the rice I cooked the seasoning in the oil before adding the rice to the mixture.  Overall a pretty good dish. Good
