Greek Garbanzo Bean Salad
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/16110/greek-garbanzo-bean-salad/
Gather the ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine beans, cucumbers, olives, tomatoes, red onion, salad dressing, garlic, lemon juice, feta cheese, garlic salt, and pepper in a large serving bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Toss together until well combined. Refrigerate for 2 hours before serving. Serve chilled. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I took this to work, as one co-worker is vegetarian. Everyone raved about the salad. Three minor adjustments: I added a whole (6oz) carton of herb feta cheese, used a small can of olives and added 1/2 chopped green pepper. This recipe looked very promising and after reading numerous reviews; I decided to make it myself. The only things changed were:1. Used 1 15oz can of the garbanzo beans; I added them after all of the other ingredients were combined. I had the additional can however, the beans/to other ingredients ratio looked perfect.2. Added 2 smashed and diced additional garlic cloves after tasting the salad.3. Used 24 mixed cherry tomatoes,, cutting the long ones into 1/3rds and halving the smaller ones.4. Didn't have any Italian dressing (we prefer  other varieties) so initially a 1/2 cup of Red Wine Vinaigrette was used and after tasting again; an additional 1/4 cup was added.5. Didn't have any fresh lemons so...1Tablespoon of concentrated lemon juice was used AND also 1Tablespoon of concentrated lime juice. One of the reviewers added only lime and liked the flavor. We like the lemon/lime flavor on certain foods.6. I added the Feta until the ratio again looked good...probably 2oz instead of the 1oz listed and then did a lite sprinkle of Parmesian Cheese covering the salad surface... Also tasted again...it's almost finished.7. I had a package of fresh Basil so I cut the leaves off of 1 sprig, washed, dried and finely chopped the leaves then added to the salad.8. The garlic salt was omitted due to the extra cloves added and the black olives still had a bit of saltiness after being rinsed.The final taste was very satisfactory.Coming up with a new idea for me (at least) when refrigerating salads, before covering or lidding the bowl; Paper towels are gently placed crosswise so the entire food surface is covered...then lid the bowel.I apologize however, I'll explain for those who aren't familiar with this idea...condensation will form on the underside of the lid making whatever is in the bowel a soggy mess. The paper towels gently placed atop of the food will absorb the condensation keeping the food perfect even after a few days to a week in the refrigerator.With the few modifications made; this is a wonderful salad and a keeper...1 final taste tomorrow before taking to a Birthday Celebration for a friend's son. Super yummy!I used capers and yellow bell peppers. Also red wine vinegar and cobrancosa olive oil instead of prepared salad dressingSkipped  the garlic salt and added a little more minced garlic. There's enough salt with the capers, olives and feta.Very nice any meal of the day. I took out the olives, used vegan feta cheese, used veganized italian dressing, used green peppers I would never use canned black olives in a Greek salad, kalamata are the only olives you should use. I added red wine vinegar, no lemon juice, no Italian salad dressing, and I added a really good EVOO, no garlic salt. If you crush your garlic cloves in the bowl and rub it all over the inside, you won't need the garlic salt. I added fresh oregano leaves and sea salt to taste. Delicious! I added some capers  and some jarred roasted red peppers, both left over from another dish. My Greek heritage wife made her tantalizing lemolamodo  dressing, just had to have oregano in there somehow!Now, that's my kind of fast food. Delish with chilled salmon I just made this for the first time. It's really great! It's super simple and I whipped it up in about 10 minutes. I'll also be using the base concept (garbanzo beans, dressing, veggies and a little something something) to create many more. I really liked this recipe.  I made half of the recipe because it was just me eating it and now I have some for lunch.  The only change I made was I used Girards Champagne low calorie dressing and added about a teaspoon of oregano.  It was really good!
