Pan De Sal I
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/16151/pan-de-sal-i/
Put the warm water in a small mixing bowl and add the yeast and 1 teaspoon of the sugar; stir to dissolve. Let stand until creamy, about 10 minutes. In a large mixing bowl, combine the remaining 15 teaspoons of sugar and the oil and mix until smooth. Add the salt, 1 cup of flour and the yeast mixture; stir well. Add the remaining 5 cups flour, 1/2 cup at a time, until the dough pulls away from the sides of the bowl. Turn the dough onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth, supple and elastic; about 10 minutes. Lightly oil a large mixing bowl, place the dough in it and turn to coat the dough with oil. Cover with a damp towel or plastic wrap and let sit in a warm place until the dough has doubled in volume; about 1 hour. Turn the dough onto a lightly floured surface and divide into 4 equal pieces. Form each piece into a cylinder and roll out until the 'log' is 1/2 inch in diameter. Using a sharp knife, cut each 'log' into 1/2 inch pieces. Place the pieces, flat side down, onto two lightly greased baking sheets. Gently press each roll down to flatten. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Cover the rolls with a damp cloth and let rise until doubled in volume, about 30 minutes. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) until golden brown, about 20 minutes.
I've made this recipe a few times now, and each time added more sugar and salt (it was quite bland the first time). Adding 2/3 cup sugar and 2 tsp salt makes it delicious! Just like I remember. Also don't forget to sprinkle the tops with bread crumbs before baking to make it authentic. i tried this recipe nd i made it perfect, my family loved the taste and did it the second time around instead of oil i used butter and add more sugar Such a no-fuss and versatile recipe! It’s my fourth time to make them today in a span of   just 2 weeks. My Filipino husband and kids love them.  You’d never know they were made by a white girl. I need to make them more often as they’re super easy yet delicious.  Masarap! I made it exactly as it said to, and it was far from my past experiences with actual authentic pandesal. I’ve been to the Philippines before, so I’ve had authentic pandesal bread, my mother is also a professional chef, so I’ve had amazing pandesal before. This was awfully bland, it needs more salt and sugar. Also, it needs much more time to proof. One hour and then a half hour is not enough time. It needs five hours (at least) with you kneading it every hour to get it to the fullness it needs to be at. I made this recipe almost as is, except I mixed butter and oil instead of just oil. The other measurements where perfect. It tasted like it needed a tiny bit more salt and bread crumbs to give it the authentic pan de sal texture. I will make this again ad it is a good base recipe and easy to follow. This far the best recipe I made pandesal brings me back to the old days where I ran up to the store early morning to buy the freshest made. I've been making this for three years for my Spanish class, my Spanish teacher loves it and even says its better than the one she had that was authentic! Great recipe. Everything went fine until i tried to take the damp cloth off the rolls. The cloth stuck, the rolls deflated, and I ended up with a bunch of hard tack and two dead towels. Made this pandesal recipe for the first time and turned out almost like store made ones. Awesome!
