Papa Drexler's Bavarian Pretzels
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/161586/papa-drexlers-bavarian-pretzels/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Whisk 1 cup flour, yeast, and sugar together in a bowl. Stir in water and softened butter until well combined. Let stand until bubbles begin to form, about 15 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir salt into yeast mixture, then gradually stir in 2 1/2 cups flour until dough can be picked up in a ball. otdash Meredith Food Studio otdash Meredith Food Studio Knead until smooth and elastic, about 8 minutes, adding more flour if needed. otdash Meredith Food Studio Divide dough into 6 pieces and let rest for a few minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Roll one piece into a 15-inch rope, then loop and twist rope into a pretzel shape. Place onto a baking sheet and form remaining pretzels. Cover and let rise for 15 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (220 degrees C). Grease a baking sheet. Bring 3 cups water to a boil in a pot. Stir in baking soda and remove from the heat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Dip pretzels into the water bath for about 45 seconds, flipping over about halfway through. otdash Meredith Food Studio Transfer soaked pretzels to the prepared baking sheet; brush with melted butter and sprinkle with salt. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Out of the oven, the first bite gives a crisp crunch and wonderful pretzel flavor with the softest dough in the middle. Absolutely delightful! Once the boys heard the crunch, it was all hands on the cooling rack and nothing left in minutes. The flavor is good enough not to need extra butter (as my husband is wont to do at times) but also goes well with a goood coarse ground mustard and yes! a nice beer.It was so easy I made multiple batches to play with. I reccomend not changing a thing in this recipe. I split the batch into 12 moderate sized pretzels rather than big ones. so that they would last longer (they didn't :)One thing I did try that showed interesting results:Kneading by hand made the inside very soft like frsh white bread.Kneading by Kitchenaid made the center more tough for a heartier chew.Also tried wrapping around already simmered turkey brats after dipping pretzels in baking soda solution and made fantastic pretzel brats.This recipe is a definite keeper. My thanks to the Drexlers for passing this on!  too small serving but i'll try agin amazing taste and easy to make!! it turns out so soft in the middle and crispy on the outside.also i recommend using salted butter for everything to give it extra flaver. This recipe is wonderful and so easy to follow and then you eat a pretzel that tastes like you got them from a  bakery in BavariaI would recommend this recipe to all. Delicious. Fun and crunchy. Real Philly taste! Without the proper flour, it's impossible to make authentic bavarian pretzels. That said, these are very good! I made both pretzel twists and buns to accompany weisswurst.Tip: to stretch the dough, gently pull from both ends while tapping the center on the bread board.Twist the length of dough before shaping the pretzel for a pretty stripe effect. I've used other recipes to make homemade pretzels and loved them, but these were "Bavarian" so I thought I'd give them a shot.Very disappointed.  They don't have the classic pretzel flavor or consistency.   My whole family reacted, basically, with "I guess they're OK."  I'll go back to my other recipes.... these pretzels are so easy to make they are quite large though. my family and I love them I let the dough rise for an hour after the initial mix and I used a lye bath. Fantastic! A tip for those that have trouble with the water bath.  After shaped, let them rise on counter about 20 minutes, place in the refrigerator uncovered and allow them to form a skin for about 45 minutes and  have your water bath ready.  To get a better pretzel flavor try baking your baking soda on a foil lined  sheet in the oven at 300F for 1 hour; this will make it more alkaline and more like the traditional lye that is used and not as caustic. I prep a whole tray of baking soda and store in the pantry for pretzels and bagels.  I use about 1/3 cup per 6 cups water.
