Beef Bourguignon
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/16167/beef-bourguignon-i/
For the marinade: Mix wine, sliced onions, carrots, brandy, garlic, peppercorns, salt, parsley, and bay leaf in a large glass or ceramic bowl. Add beef and toss to evenly coat; cover the bowl with plastic wrap and marinate in the refrigerator for 2 days. For the bourguignon: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Strain beef from the marinade and shake off excess; pat dry with paper towels. Strain vegetables and set aside; reserve marinade. Heat 2 tablespoons of oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add beef in batches; cook until browned on all sides. Transfer browned beef into a separate medium bowl; set aside. Add bacon to the same skillet; cook and stir until lightly browned. Transfer bacon to the bowl with browned beef. Drain the skillet and return it to the heat. Pour 1 cup of reserved marinade into the skillet; bring to a boil while scraping the browned bits of food off the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Return this liquid to the reserved marinade. Heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil in the same skillet. Add chopped onions; cook and stir until just tender, about 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in reserved onions and carrots from the marinade; mix well, then use a slotted spoon to transfer vegetables into the bowl with beef. Return the skillet to the heat; stir flour in pan drippings until browned, about 1 or 2 minutes. Stir in garlic and tomato paste until combined. Add beef broth, remaining reserved marinade, salt, and pepper. Bring to a boil, whisking to remove any flour lumps; pour over beef mixture in the bowl. Transfer beef mixture into a casserole or baking dish. Cook in the preheated oven until beef is tender, about 3 hours; stir occasionally and add water if needed. About 10 minutes before serving, melt butter in a skillet over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms and sauté until lightly browned, about 5 to 7 minutes; stir mushrooms into beef mixture until well combined.
It just kills me when people come to these review sites and complain how there just "has to be a quicker way" to prepare a dish such as THIS one. And then they almost make it sound like a personal mission that people took to rob them of their time if a recipe isn't to their liking. Perhaps a review should consider that GOOD food takes the love of cooking, and anything less WILL be evident "somewhere". And often times in classic french recipes such as this one, it DOES take time and if you "read and think" before you begin you can figure that out. My personal opinion on this recipe is that it is VERY classic and delicious. It was meant to be meaty and rich and not too spiced up...warm and comforting and classic...and it is! I serve mine over "smashed" garlic potatoes with the skins left on and a fruit parfait for dessert. I forgot about the beef marinating and it sat in the fridge for a week. When I opened it smelled quite fresh so I proceeded. I didn’t make any changes to the recipe. Yes it’s a lot of work but to quote my husband “oh my God what is this …..it’s wonderful. “. I have had this dish in Paris and mine was VERY close. So happy. This is a lot of work but so worth it! I cheated on the liquor and just used a lovely red blend. But the meat was so tender and the flavor so vibrant. Wow!I did find the sliced onion for the marinade a little awkward and eventually diced them for the casserole. And I found 4 onions and a pound of mushrooms excessive and cut those back.Served on rotini and loved it! I made this, costs about $40 to make it. For all the hassle of mixing and storing to me it wasn't worth it. My wife and I ate it, my son tasted it and didn't like it. The leftovers we through out. Pretty good - not worth the effort IMO .. just make a good roast ! Very well received by my guests, who asked to take some home in plastic tubs. As stated it’s a lot of work, but is very good. I used stew beef which is very coarse and with the marinade, it was fall apart tender. Perhaps it’s better with the wine mentioned, but I don’t know one red from another and just used some leftover from Christmas. Tasted fine to me! This recipe was worth the effort. The only thing I did differently was to cook the bacon before browning the meat. I then browned the meat in the bacon drippings.It is a fussy, time consuming recipe but the results were amazing.I served it with potatoes au gratin and a green salad (and a very good French wine). This recipe is quite a bit of work, but the end result was spectacular! It was so rich and flavorful. I had a bottle of Bordeaux so I used that. I was afraid it might make the flavor too overwhelming, but it did not. I did not use the vegetables that were in the marinade, but chose to only use the fresh, sautéed veggies when I was preparing to bake it. I increased the meat to 2 1/2 lbs, but may even increase it to 3 lbs. I also put in more carrots and added some beef bouillon for more flavor. I otherwise followed all the other steps of this recipe. This is a pretty incredible dish.
