Earl Grey Martini
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/162319/earl-grey-martini/
Sprinkle the tea leaves over the gin in a small glass, and set aside to steep for 2 hours. Pour 1/4 to 1/2 inch of white sugar onto a small, shallow plate. Moisten the rims of 2 martini glasses with a wedge of lemon, dip the moistened glasses into the sugar; set aside. Strain the infused gin, lemon juice, and simple syrup into a cocktail shaker over ice. Cover, and shake until the outside of the shaker has frosted. Strain into the rimmed glasses to serve.
Absolutely amazing!!! Earl Grey tea bags work just fine and don't require any straining. I used one in lieu of each teaspoon of loose leaves. This is perhaps the best cocktail I've ever had! I've been looking for a way to make a tea infused martini and have been infusing the simple syrup. I'm thinking this might be a better flavor profile and am so excited to try it!! Wow! I made this to enjoy during a couple of physical distancing virtual birthday calls. This drink is unbelievable! Probably my favourite martini EVER. Yumm. I used tea bags instead of loose leaf. Note I am a fan of earl grey tea & this tastes like sweet iced tea. Yummy, but I woulda preferred less lemon, more Earl Grey flavor It was delicious, my new summer drink. I.. LOVE... THIS! Except that I would call it an: Earl Grey Mar-Tea-ni Fabulous, I use vodka as it my preference, and tea bags vice leaves, just easier in my opinion. This was divine! I'm not a big fan of gin but I'm pretty sure Earl Grey tea makes up about 10% of what flows in my veins. I used Earl Grey with lavender because that's what I had. I agree with others that this recipe only makes one martini. I tripled the recipe for the 3 of us testing them. Unless you have tiny martini glasses this makes one. I let mine steep over night, just loved this cocktail!  ( luv earl grey too) This was incredible!  I used tea bags because that's what I had on hand but it really only makes one drink.  Thank goodness I doubled the recipe!  Filled 2 martini glasses perfectly.  Don't substitute the fresh lemon juice! Really makes a huge difference in the taste.
