Gyoza Sauce
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/162361/gyoza-sauce/
Whisk together rice vinegar, soy sauce, green onions, garlic, sesame oil, red pepper flakes, and ginger in a bowl. Let sit for 15 minutes before serving. Store covered in the refrigerator for up to 1 week.
This recipe ROCKS!!!!!! The only adjustment I made was what other reviewers suggested which was to cut the vinegar to 1/3 cup. We had an art show at our Church last Saturday night and I made gyoza along with this recipe for dipping sauce and people RAVED about it and requested the recipe... Thank you Rebecca!!! Excellent dipping sauce. I also used it on pork chops and used as a marinade. Super tasty I agree with Marie Myers, we like our Gyoza sauce with a little sweet and heat.  I also used brown sugar and left out the garlic.  On a side note, I did use the other ingredients but my measurements were  dashes and pinches to taste. I didn't have rice vinegar handy, so I have found a small dash of apple cider vinegar is a decent substitute.  Heating the mixture in a pyrex measuring cup for 1 minute in the microwave helps to meld all the flavors and evenly mix the brown sugar. My wife and I thought it was delicious and we'll use this recipe to make our variation again. This recipe is vinegar heavy. I will use 2 Tablespoons to start and work my way up next time. I also think this sauce will be much better after some time in the fridge. It needs time to let the flavors develop.   To my fellow reviewers: 1/4 cup is smaller than 1/3 cup. 4 tablespoons equal 1/4 cup or 2 oz. It’s cool knowledge. Saves dishes too. Absolutely delicious and better than the bottled sauces! I agree with some of the other commenters in that you should only use 1/3 cup of Rice Vinegar. I assembled it in a jar and just shook it vigorously to mix and serve. This recipe is good but I didn't have fresh ginger or garlic. I used garlic powder and  ground ginger. We also like a sweeter sauce, so I added a couple tablespoons (or so) of brown sugar. Yummy! I will definitely make it again. Excellent recipe and super easy to make. This is our favourite gyoza dipping sauce.  I think gyoza with sauce is just about the most perfect food, it’s sweet, sour and salty, has fat and acid, it’s crunchy and chewy, it’s definitely got umami. The only changes I’ve made to this recipe is that I use about half toasted sesame oil and half plain sesame oil, maybe a little more of the toasted kind.  And I also add a splash of sake to really boost that boozy, malty beer flavour.  We cut up our green onion the same size as our garlic and ginger.  I usually also add a touch of something sweet so either a bit of honey or brown sugar or a dash of mirin.  Love this recipe! This was delicious! I got some frozen gyoza from Trader Joe’s and used this to dip. I halved the recipe but still have some left over. Going to Trader Joe’s tomorrow for more gyoza! I can’t let this go to waste. I did put it in the microwave to heat it a bit and cook the garlic and stuff floating on top. I think it helped the flavors meld. I make it as written, but I do add extra garlic (example: I use one whole clove for 16 servings, when I should have used 1/4 clove).  Adding extra ginger ruins it, forcing you to add more of all the other ingredients. Make this the day before you need it, if you can, it’s even more delicious! In addition to gyoza, it goes great with spring rolls too. Rockstar recipe! Thank you Rebecca!
