Easy Slow Cooker French Dip
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/16239/easy-slow-cooker-french-dip/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Trim excess fat from rump roast and place in a slow cooker. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour in beer, onion soup, and beef broth. Cover and cook on Low setting for 7 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Split French rolls and arrange them on a baking sheet; spread with butter. Warm in the preheated oven for 10 minutes, or until heated through. otdash Meredith Food Studio Meanwhile, remove rump roast from the slow cooker and thinly slice on the diagonal. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pile sliced beef onto heated rolls. Serve with sauce for dipping. Enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
This was amazing. I took a lot of advise from others. I used a chuck roast, Campbell’s Consommé, a can of Campbell’s French Onion Soup, added garlic powder, onion powder, a touch of worcestershire, and only half a can of beer. It took me 5 minutes to throw everything into the cooker. When I came home I sliced it up and put it back into the juice for another hour. I buttered the rolls and added shredded mozzarella cheese and threw them under the broiler until the cheese melted. This was a huge hit. My family loved it. Not at all dry. They can't wait for me to make it again. Trust me when I tell you this was the best/easiest dinner. You've gotta try it! It was SO easy. Followed the directions and the meat came out perfect as well as the au jus. A wonderful flavor and texture.We put horseradish sauce on some of ours and they were great too! I have been using this recipe since I found it in 2012. My family loves it. It's a 5-star recipe as written, but I still add some minced garlic, onion powder, garlic powder, and Worcestershire sauce to make it a tiny bit better, in our opinion. But truly, if you make it as written, with no changes, you'll still absolutely love it. Great base recipe. Thin slicing is important. Make extra good by adding caramelized onions and provolone cheese (pre melt on rolls). Season more to taste. I use eye round roast and have made it several times and it always turns out great. We do slice the meat on an electric meat slicer and slice it as thin as possible. DELISH!Used the 2 Campbells soup suggestions, added a splash of Worcestershire and Balsamic, one beer.Placed cooked, sliced meat and split buttered Ciabatta buns under HI broiler for a very few moments to lightly crisp both. Used Muenster cheese on top, per personal preference. Also, used horseradish instead of any mayo.** I did saute sliced baby bella mushrooms and sliced sweet onion for garnish. Dip, Dip, Yummmmmy! Instead of french onion soup mix, I go for the low sodium alternative.Freshley copped Vandalia onion, (small ) freshly chopped tyme, Basel, and ginger. Caramalized slightly before adding on top of the beef, with 2-3 cups of water (depending on the size of the meat. ) and a tbl spoon of red wine viniger, a  tsp of Worstershire, a tsp of lemon and a pinch of celery seed. Added provolone cheese Just a few basic ingredients and this is a quick weeknight meal. It was the best French Dip Sandwich I've ever ate,DELICIOUS! Walmart doesn't deliver beer si U used red wine that I had.  It was delicious and I'll definitely make it again. It was great!!! But I realized very soon that I needed to buy a bigger roast!! It was all gone before I knew it! Lol It says you can't taste the beer but I sure could. Unfortunately the au jus did not taste good to me.
