Sweet and Sour Meatballs
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/16305/sweet-and-sour-meatballs-ii/
Make meatballs: Mix beef, bread crumbs, onion, egg, salt, and pepper together in a large bowl until well combined. otdash Meredith Food Studio Shape mixture into 1 1/2-inch diameter balls. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook meatballs in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat until evenly browned and cooked through. otdash Meredith Food Studio Make sauce: Mix brown sugar, water, ketchup, vinegar, soy sauce, and cornstarch together in a medium bowl until smooth. Pour sauce over meatballs. Reduce heat to low and simmer until sauce is thick, 3 to 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
If you are making these, here's a tip. Do not use apple cider vinegar - it's not the same thing as cider vinegar! It'll completely ruin your sauce. I found that out the hard way, had to throw out the sauce plus my house stunk for days. I tried it again with regular vinegar and it was great - I'm sure cider vinegar would be even better. I followed all ingredients in the recipe but doubled the batch. Used 24 frozen meatballs to save time but my sister complained that they weren't mine. Also I added fresh pineapple, onions chopped fine and shallots also chopped fine. It's a bit more sour then I expected will have to tweak that some. Overall it's so good and makes a great everything in a bowl meal. very good recipe. This is the most awesome recipe ever...but don't use cider vinegar.  I was reading the reviews while cooking the sauce and came across the post about the cider vinegar.  So right!  I dumped it (it stunk) and started over with regular white vinegar.  EVERYONE loves this sauce!  I'm just returning a call from my motherinlaw who wants to make it too! My new fav recipe. However, give yourself more prep time than recommended; for myself at least 30 minutes. I wanted to try a different sauce I could make quick to go with my frozen precooked meatballs. I made a variation of this and it turned out way better than I was expecting (my family agrees!). I used about a quarter of a chopped onion in the sauce, white vinegar instead of cider vinegar because that's what I had on hand, only 3/4 cup of brown sugar, and I added a good amount of onion and garlic powder. I wasn't sure how this would be because I've always made traditional sweet and sour and avoided the Americanized versions with ketchup. However, I figured that the difference would be OK with meatballs. I was right! I definitely wouldn't call this a sweet and sour sauce because of the ketchup, but it does sort of have that taste. I really think it's its own thing and very delicious! Great recipe took bit longer to make the balls and definitely not for 5 people but great flavours Don't pay any attention about cider vinegar versus apple cider vinegar. I've tried this with both and they're both fine. I use frozen premade meatballs and add red and green bell peppers and a can of pineapple tidbits and yellow onion. Serve it over rice. Delightful.
