Simple Beef Stroganoff
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/16311/simple-beef-stroganoff/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Sauté ground beef in a large skillet over medium heat until browned and crumbly; 5 to 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Meanwhile, fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rapid boil. Cook egg noodles at a boil until tender yet firm to the bite, 7 to 9 minutes. Drain and set aside. Drain and discard any fat from the cooked beef. Stir condensed soup and garlic powder into the beef. Simmer for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove beef from the heat. Add egg noodles and stir to combine. Stir in sour cream and season with salt and pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO
This is good, but wanted to pass along this hint: try adding a package of DRY HIDDEN VALLEY RANCH dressing mix to it... oh my gosh - it is SO GOOD! My family loved this! I read many of the reviews and tweaked it as follows: sauteed onion and mushrooms in 2 tbs. butter and added about three cloves of garlic once onions and mushrooms had reduced; added ground beef and cooked then drained; added one can of cream of mushroom soup and about a cup of beef broth -- added a bit more while cooking; added a packed of ranch dressing mix; added a tbs. of better than boullion; simmered for about 15 minutes and then added two big spoons of sour cream. After simmering that another 10 minutes or so, I added the cooked noodles.It didn't need salt. It was fantastic! It’s great! If you read some reviews and they say it’s bland it’s your job as a cook to salt and pepper. I did change it up a little, I did the following: better than bouillon, added to the raw ground meat used Italian seasoning, and finished with parsley. Thanks to those home cooks for some of those suggestions. I used greek yogurt, and doubled the amount to 1c. I added 1/2c of milk and much more garlic. It turned out great, and will definitely make again! Great base recipe!!! I added a can of beef consomme and used fresh mushrooms, onions, garlic and peppers sauteed. Turned out amazing!!!! Thanks :) Sauted onions and mushrooms in butter, added 1 tbs chopped garlic and towards the end reduced 1/4 cup wine with the vegs. Added Campbells cream of mushroom with garlic soup, 1 cup sour cream, 1/2 can of milk, 1 tbs Worschestire, and 1 tbs of beef bullion paste. Stirred in cooked ground beef and let simmer on low for about 20 minutes. Mixed with egg noodles. Yummy! I might try adding a pkge of dry Ranch Dressing mix next time as one reviewer suggested. It was OK, but since I don't care for mushrooms, so I used cream of celery soup. I cubed a Top Round into 1/2" to 1" squares put flour in a paper bag with salt & pepper, shook a handful at a time. Cooked the beef in butter with onions, garlic, worcestershire sauce.and let cook. Added sour cream, and 1 can of tomato soup, simmered for 20 min, adjusted seasoning with s & p garlic powder and more worcestershire sauce. Served over egg noodles. Definitely simple and tasty. I used Campbell's Beefy Mushroom instead of plain mushroom soup and added fresh chopped mushrooms in the last 10 minutes of cooking the beef. It was quite good, though just a bit on the bland side. I browned a bit of onion and bell pepper before starting the beef, too. Next time, I'll add a touch more garlic and some savory herbs with perhaps a bit of dry mustard to give it a little more punch. This was great! I modified slightly. Used 1.5 lbs ground beef, browned and removed from pan. Added 1/2 cup chopped onion to some olive oil then added 4 oz sliced mushrooms (for me stroganoff needs shrooms) and fried for a few minutes then added 1T pre-minced garlic for 1 min then returned beef to pan. Added 1 can each cream of mushroom & chicken soup and 1 soup can of water. Seasoned to taste with a bit of garlic powder, onion powder and pepper. Simmered for 20-30 min to blend flavors. Removed from heat and stirred in the sour cream. Served over egg noodles. My DH loved it! Will make again! mmmm mmmm mmmm!!! My whole family loved this! I added a 4 oz can mushrooms w/ liquid (will use fresh next time), sautéed onion with beef, used a little less garlic powder, and added one crushed beef bouillon cubes to meat AFTER draining fat. Used with homemade spaetzle noodles. Hopefully making again very soon! Thank you! This was so easy to make and we loved it.  I did add 1/4 cup milk when I added the soup.  My ground beef was 95/5%, so it needed a bit more liquid and the milk did just the trick. Was great! Simple, but effective. I make a very similar recipe, but I add a can of cream of mushroom soup, 8 oz of cream cheese & some corn. My family loves it. My son requests it as his birthday meal! Super yummy!  Scratched it all the way…probably added more garlic I add broccoli to this recipe we Love it For the sour cream part I added chives and onion spread and more garlic and a bit of milk. Definitely add milk or cream, otherwise good recipe I will add a little milk next time as it was a little too thick. Everyone loved it.
