Corned Beef and Cabbage
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/16310/corned-beef-and-cabbage-i/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place corned beef in a Dutch oven and cover with water. Add spice packet, cover, and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer until corned beef is just about fork-tender, about 2 hours. While the corned beef is simmering, cut potatoes in half. Peel carrots and cut into 3-inch pieces. Cut cabbage into small wedges. otdash Meredith Food Studio When corned beef has cooked for 2 hours, add potatoes and carrots; cook until vegetables are almost tender and meat is fork-tender, about 10 minutes. Add cabbage and cook until tender, about 15 more minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove meat and let rest for 15 minutes. Leave broth and vegetables in the Dutch oven.Slice meat across the grain. Serve with vegetables and broth. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO
I cook the cabbage at the end. Cut it in wedges and cooked seperately from the meat. I use 1/2 cooking liquid from the meat and 1/2 chicken broth with butter added to the liquid. Cooked until just crisp tender. Gives the cabbage a lovely flavor, it stays green and doesn't get all mushy. Delicious! I added one large onion and a Tbsp of pickling spices to the water with the corned beef.The veggies were a bit soft but the flavor was amazing. Next time I will cook the veggies with the cabbage as to not overcook them. Cooked recipe as written with the addition of one large onion sliced. Fantastic recipe, the gravy is phenomenal. I plan on trying this recipe today, one thing I change though is how I cook the corned beef. I place my corned beef in a oven bag. I found it prevents the meat from shrinking and is so tender. After letting it cool, I will add the spices from the bag into the potatoes and carrots. This also aides in slicing the corned beef so much easier. This dish is excellent in a pressure cooker. Place meat and seasonings in pot, cover with water. For a standard brisket, bring to pressure for 45 mins. Then place cabbage, vegetables, potatoes on top of meat. Pressure up, for 15 mins. release pressure and enjoy. I followed the instructions and took the advice of some other reviewers. I substituted the water with a bottle of dark beer (not guiness) and beef broth. I also added garlic,onions, dash of salt, about a teaspoon of sugar, dash of paprika and pepper. I served with a horseradish sauce and it was such a hit. My BF was having corned beef and cabbage for the first time and loved it. He ate the leftovers the next couple of days for lunch. This was such an easy recipe for me, a first-time Corned Beef and Cabbage cooker! I read through the other reviews and followed some recommended modifications: First, I added a bottle of beer. Second, when the meat was done, I put it in an oven-safe dish, topped it with a little bit of brown sugar, added some of the broth and roasted it for a few minutes while the potatoes and cabbage cooked in the boiling broth. I took the meat out to settle during the last few minutes of veggie cook time. Really great! I've been doing it this way for over 30 years. In the last half hour I'll pull the brisket from the pot, put it in a roaster and cover it with 1/4 cup of brown sugar and place covered in the oven with just a small amt of juice in the bottom. The brown sugar will melt and create a wonderful glaze for the corned beef. While the beef is in the oven I'll use the liquid in the pot for the veges and then I'll also add a layer of dumplings to the top after the veges begin to boil. Luv it so much that I do it more than just Patty's Day It got my 6 year old daughter to eat cabbage. My wife and 2 year old son are not too keen on corned beef, but the kid and I love corned beef (especially cold leftovers). This recipe was simple and perfect. I haven't added cabbage since my daughter was born, but I thought I would give it a shot. I did add onions, fresh garlic, extra mustard seed, and celery, but on the whole it would have been easy and delicious regardless. I also cut up the red potatoes and carrots and boiled them off 10 min before adding the cabbage, then boiled off the cabbage for 10 min, then returned the rested beef to the pot for another 10-15 min on simmer. Anyway you do it, it's easy and delicious. Will add mushrooms next time, I think. If you cut your potatoes don't overcook. I also serve with Southern style cornbread. This was the BEST corned beef & cabbage I've ever had and it was pretty easy! I've always made it in a crock pot and I'm sure this recipe could be done that way too, but as long as I have the time I will continue to use this recipe on the stove top! The changes I made, based on the suggestions of others are as follows: Add 2 bottles of beer to the water to cover the brisket (I used harp), I also added 4 garlic cloves, 2 bay leaves, ground mustard, largely chopped onion and whole peppercorns in the begining. Lastly, I added celery and green beens when I put the cabbage in just b/c I had them on hand and my husband wanted them. It took about 3-3.5 hrs to cook, but it was well worth it. My husband even ate all the cooked carrots and he doesn't usually like those. Great recipe, thanks! This has been my standard recipe for years. I have found one thing that takes it to the top. After the corned beef is done cooking I remove it from the pot or crock pot and top it with a glaze of mustard and brown sugar. You can mix it to your liking. I make a lot and let it drip down all the sides. I then put it in the oven until it is heated through and the brown sugar is dissolved. Then slice and enjoy. I have followed this recipe for the past two St Patrick's Day celebrations.Both times my family and friends have raved about it. This is simple and traditional, we have it every St. Patty's day, but it would be better if the seasoning packet contents be broken down if they don't come with the brisket. But even if it does, add two crushed Garlic cloves and a bottle of good IPA beer if you want it REALLY Chicago St. Patty's day perfect... grin. I no longer live in Chicago, but this literally was "just like Mom used to make" and it brings back memories of growing up in the wonderfully culturally diverse city of Chicago. I didn't change a thing about this recipe! So delicious! I use an instapot.   That being said, this recipe is perfect. Combine it with easy soda bread (on here) and you can't go wrong. Added bay leaves, an onion and celery. I also cooked the cabbage separately, as there was no room for it in the pan with the other things. Half cooking water, half chicken stock, with a bit of butter in the water. It’s so simple and tastes just right!I leave baby Irish potatoes whole because I like the look.    I use this recipe every year because the entire dish is just perfect!If we want a flavorful zing, we use stone ground mustard as a condiment for the beef.
