Shrimp Egg Foo Young
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/163370/shrimp-egg-foo-young/
Mix bean sprouts, shrimp, eggs, green onions, and garlic powder together in a large bowl until well combined. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add about 1/2 cup of egg mixture into the skillet to make a patty. Repeat to add more patties to the skillet. Working in batches, fry patties until golden brown, about 4 minutes per side. otdash Meredith Food Studio Meanwhile, make the sauce: Whisk chicken broth, cornstarch, sugar, cooking wine, and soy sauce together in a saucepan over medium-low heat; simmer until sauce thickens, about 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Spoon sauce over patties.
I worked for a Chinese family in their restaurant while I was a young adult and this comes close to their popular recipe. I used fresh bean sprouts instead of canned, and defrosted salad-size shrimp in a salad spinner to ensure that all excess liquid was gone. I used a vietnamese soup stock (pho) concentrate instead of chicken broth which added additional flavor to the sauce. I love to eat egg foo young for breakfast! The patties were delicious. Since I used low sodium soy sauce, I to add salt to patties and sauce. Also the sauce ended up a little too thin for me. A less stock would have done the trick. Otherwise thanks. I will make it again. It certainly fits my low carb diet. My family LOVES this recipe! My only issue is keeping the patties/egg from running when putting them in the skillet. It was good but don't use  the ACV substitute! That taste comes through. I used 6 eggs, 1/2 cup green onions, 1 whole pkg.  about 10 or 12 oz of bean spouts, 1/2 teaspoon of garlic powder, 1/2 teaspoon of red pepper.  I boiled the bean spouts, drain and pat dried with paper towel. Delicious! Used fresh bean sprouts and diced onion since that’s what I had on hand. Vegetarian version so no shrimp. Used monk fruit sweetener. It was like restaurant dish. Will definitely make this again. Lot of sauce leftover so going to freeze it for next time. Thanks for recipe! I didn't like the sauce. Too much sugar and apple cider vinegar. The patties were good though Very good. The sauce was excellent. I've made these several times now, and have varied the vegetables I've put in - and they've all come out very good. I love it
