Slow Cooker Pot Roast
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/16346/maries-easy-slow-cooker-pot-roast/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Season chuck roast with salt and pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat oil in a large skillet over high heat; add roast and sear to brown, about 4 minutes per side. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place roast in the slow cooker and sprinkle soup mix on top. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add water, and scatter carrots, potatoes, onion, and celery on top. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cover and cook on Low for 8 to 10 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio
It would be very helpful and courteous to review a recipe made EXACTLY the way it is written. It is not beneficial at all to read how you rated your own recipes using another person's name. Marie, your recipe made as written, is excellent. Thank you! I added marjoram, A few splashes of Worcestershire, some diced garlic, a can of diced tomatoes and a handful of fresh mushrooms. All good flavors! Definitely a recipie I saved to make for family and friends. Roast just falls apart and it’s so delicious!! I added beef broth to it, and instead of diced potatoes I make it with mashed potatoes with some buttered bread. To die for  Loved this recipe and have used it countless times. Did not change anything the first time. Going forward, I now use red wine instead of water and will marinate overnite with olive oil & fajita seasoning. It came out awesome. I did change it up some. Instead of water i used beer. Doubled the veggies and sauce. So 4 cans cream of mushroom and 2 cups of beer. And double the veggies and potatoes. I also waited 2 hours before putting in the veggies or potatoes because I like them less mushy. I have a large family that loved the veggies. Ha! my name is Marie and this is the way I do roasts. only thing I have started doing different is I use V8 juice instead of water. I think it gives extra flavor and tenderizes. I usually cook a smaller roast as I am cooking for 2, therefore it doesn't take that long to cook. I tweaked this with 2 bay leaves and used College Inn beef broth in addition to the water. Next time I will use the beef broth instead of the water. This was finished cooking (a 2.53 lb. chuck roast) in about 5 hours on low in my crock pot. Next time definitely will use more carrots and celery. Also when I browned the meat, I liberally used salt and pepper and garlic powder. Really turned out well!! This was a great recipe! Reading the tips from others was really helpful. I seasoned the meat and then seared it on all sides before marinating it in the slow cooker pot in the fridge with the veggies and some potatoes over night. I used onion powder, parsley, garlic pepper, salt, and pepper for seasoning. Also, I added a can of chicken stock, 2 cans of water, and some Worcestershire sauce for the marinade. I also threw in some minced garlic and one sliced onion. Another recipe told me I should put everything on the bottom of the slow cooker and the meat on top. I did that and cooked it on low for 10 hours. It was amazing and completely fell off the bone! The potatoes came out beautifully. I used five small Yukon golds and next time I would definitely make more and add another onion. This was a GREAT and EASY recipe, especially for me as it was my first time making something in the slow cooker! I followed some of the suggestions mentioned. I replaced the water with beef broth and omitted the celery. I rubbed the roast down with Montreal steak seasoning and garlic, as well as putting garlic in the crock pot - my boyfriend and I are big garlic lovers! I used whole baby carrots, and I didn't add the vegetables until about 2 hours in. I also had to add a little water after about 4 hours. The end result was totally delicious and tender. We will definitely be making this one again! Browned roast first, used beef broth instead of water, and after removing the roast and veggies made gravy at the end by throwing in a boullion cube and added to rue. OH WOW!!!!! This is BY FAR the best roast I've ever done and it is so much more flavorful than just using onion soup mix and cream of mushroom soup. My husband could not stop raving about this! I did add the following: Worcestershire sauce, bay leaves pieces, beef broth (2 cups), 4 garlic cloves sliced, Montreal Steak Spice low sodium, and I cooked it for 15 hours (overnight). I omitted the potatoes since I knew they would be too mushy with the longer cooking time. We didn't eat the other vegetables b/c they were obviously too mushy, but their flavoring made a fantastic gravy. I served it with mashed potatoes, garlic broccoli and salad with the homemade ranch dressing from this site. What a meal! The only thing I added was some Lawrys season salt. The meat fell apart, was so tender and the taste was spot on. The potatoes and carrots were tastie too! very good, with homemade biscuits. I had some chopped up chives that I threw in the crockpot along with some Italian seasoning. I also added quartered mushrooms. Sear it good!  Delicious! DELICIOUS!!!! I have made this recipe many times and love it.  I do wait to add my potatoes until half way through the cooking time, so they don't get mushy. I prefer mine a bit more firm
