Slow Cooker Beef Stroganoff
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/16352/slow-cooker-beef-stroganoff-i/
Combine beef, soup, onion, water, and Worcestershire sauce in a slow cooker. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook on Low for 8 hours or High for 5 hours. Stir in cream cheese just before serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio otdash Meredith Food Studio Enjoy hot served over cooked noodles. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO
This is a WONDERFUL recipe! Make sure you do these 5 things, however:1. Use "Condensed Golden Mushroom" soup. The regular Cream of Mushroom doesn't have the larger pieces of mushrooms.2. Substitute 1/4 cup beef broth for 1/4 water.3. Use 4 oz. sour cream instead of cream cheese.4. Add 1/2 t. pepper for a tiny little (but necessary) kick.4. Just before adding the sour cream, mix 1 T. corn starch with 2 T. cold water, then add this mixture to stroganoff. This gives it the necessary extra thickness.Then, enjoy this FABULOUSLY delicious and simple to make dish! Really bland. And that’s AFTER I added real mushrooms and pepper! Was not popular with the family. No changes! Perfect as is. So good!I did the sour cream trick and added a half of onion soup mix plus an onion I'm sure the original recipe is good. But after reading reviews I made a few minor changes . I first browned the meat lightly in olive oil . I used salt free cream of mushroom soup and 1/4 c salt free beef bone broth because of a low salt diet.  1 small can of mushrooms . 1 T Worcestershire sauce. 2t pepper 2t  paprika  .no onions. Stirred in   slurry  of 2T cornstarch +2T water + 4oz.  sour cream when finished. Spooned over egg noodles. Served with a salad and  broccoli (  3hrs on high 1hr on low)  and it was perfect . used a 7 qu. slow cooker. Fed 3 people with no leftovers! I used sour cream instead of cream cheese, added 1/2 teaspoon pepper, and a small can of mushrooms. I also stirred in a mixture of 1 tablespoon of cornstarch in 2 tablespoons of water. It turned out to be quite tasty. I followed someone's suggestions plus added some of my own. First i cooked it in my enameled covered cast iron pot. I browned the meat and onion in olive oil. Then I added 1 teaspoon of Better than Bouillon (roasted beef base) to the water. I also used the Campbell's golden mushroom soup. I cooked in oven at 325 for 7 hours. Served over rice. I used venison stew meat instead of beef. I use Golden Mushroom soup, and add a dollop of sour cream, and sautéed mushrooms towards the end of cooking.  Fantastic!
