Slow Cooker Italian Beef
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/16427/slow-cooker-italian-beef-for-sandwiches/
Combine water, salad dressing mix, oregano, basil, parsley, onion salt, garlic powder, bay leaf, salt, and black pepper in a saucepan. Stir well, and bring to a boil. Place rump roast in a slow cooker; pour hot herb mixture over the meat. Cover and cook on Low for 10 to 12 hours, or on High for 4 to 5 hours. Remove bay leaf; shred beef with a fork and serve with some of the hot gravy.
Made these changes: omitted salt, substituted onion powder for onion salt, used 2 dressing mixes, added 1 1/2 tsp. dried onion, and added 2 beef bouillion cubes to the water. Cooked on low for about 14 hours; shredded meat and refrigerated meat and juice separately overnight. In the morning, I skimmed the fat off the juice, and returned the juice & meat to the slow cooker, along with some chopped green pepper, on high to reheat for a couple hours. Served with horseradish and provolone cheese. Was a hit at our family reunion! Leftovers (if any!) reheat well for a quick lunch. Family loved this.  I used 3 tsp of Better Than Bouillon Premium Roasted Beef Base and disolved in the 3 cups of water.Don't put in the tsp of salt. It's already salty from the bouillon. I also used onion powder instead of onion salt.  We used banana peppers, roasted red peppers and jalapeno on the sandwichs. I love love love this recipe!!  I've made it several times and like the other reviews I've used instead of water low sodium beef broth.  I used about a 6lbs chuck pot roast and used a entire 32oz (4 cups)cartoon of the low sodium beef broth.  I put all the seasonings in that the original recipe called for except I didn't use onion salt but instead I used Onion powder.  I also used 2 packs of the Italian dressing seasoning mix instead of 1.  Cooked in the crock pot on low for 12 hours although it was done and tender around the 10th hour my hoagie bread took longer to make so I just let the beef cook and additional 2 hours.  This recipe is always a hit when I make it and it's so simple to make.  I will forever make this.  So simple and so good.  Also works well mixed with rice if you want to eat it a different way without making it into a sandwich.  So flavorful and delicious!!! I also used beef broth in place of water. I used beef broth instead of water and add 1/3 jar of pickled pepperoncini peppers and some juice to give it a little kick. YUMMM. I had stew beef chunks on hand, so I used that instead of rump roast. Substituted beef broth for water, skipped dressing mix packet, and just doubled all the herbs and spices. I sauteed the meat in the instant pot first, dumped everything else in, then switched to pressure cook for 1hr. Perfection! I used fresh herbs, onion and garlic. I added an ounce of tomato paste. Delicious! Think Portillo in Chicago! I serve on toasted garlic bogies…fantastic!
