Pizza Salad
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/16432/pizza-salad-i/
Combine lettuce, salami, mozzarella cheese, Cheddar cheese, tomato, olives, and chives in a large bowl. Mix well to combine. Make dressing: Whisk together tomato sauce, oil, vinegar, sugar, oregano, salt, garlic powder, and pepper in a medium bowl. Pour enough dressing over lettuce mixture to coat; toss and serve.
this is quick and easy to put together. i added in some green peppers and sliced pepperoni to the mix. you could also add some sliced onion too! the dressing was tasty, not tomato-y at all. in addition, i took some boboli pizza crust, heated it according to package directions and then sliced it to serve alongside the salad. We loved this salad! Smelled like pizza and had all the flavors of pizza we love! Will definitely be making this again! Thanks so much for sharing! We added mushrooms, green peppers, and fresh basil. My whole family loved this. I did cook up some seasoned ground beef instead of the salami, and added mushrooms...but other than that it was wonderful. My kids put what toppings they wanted on their salad and everyone loved the tomatoe vinegrette...I will make this again:) Pizza with no crust so you can have fewer calories? Who are they kidding?  Each serving has 40.5 grams of fat!  With all that it wouldn't matter if you ate the crust! I used mini pepperoni instead of the salami and added some mushrooms as well. This was good but I think some fresh herbs in the dressing would improve it and make it stand out more. I added parsley to the leftover dressing on day 2 before I went to snap the photo and that was really good so I'm thinking basil would be a great addition too. I belong to a cooking club and our first theme this season was Pizza Party and I had to bring a salad. This was just the right recipe. It was easy to make & was a great hit with everyone in the club. Plus my daughter liked it so much - she took it for lunch the next day. I will definitely be making this recipe again. We really enjoy this recipe! It is very tasty. I did not change a thing! The dressing did not mix well.  We did not care for this. Thanks for posting though!
