Simple BBQ Ribs
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/16448/simple-bbq-ribs/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place ribs in a large pot and cover with water. Stir in kosher salt, garlic powder, and pepper, and bring water to a boil over medium heat. Continue to boil until ribs are tender, 40 to 45 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio While the ribs are boiling, preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Remove ribs from the pot, and place them in a 9x13-inch baking dish. Pour barbeque sauce over ribs. Cover the baking dish with aluminum foil. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until the internal temperature of the pork has reached 160 degrees F (70 degrees C), 1 to 1 1/2 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
These ribs were just wonderful. I boiled them for about 45 minutes. I also followed the advice of others and put more BBQ sauce on the tops about 20 minutes before I took them out of the oven. A note to others...this only makes 4 SMALL portions/about 4 ribs each. I think everyone was left wanting more and not quite full. The ribs did come out incredibly tender and falling off the bone! I will definitely make again!! Made exactly as written.  Meat very tender, could cut with a fork.   Next time will smoke on grill, after boiling, to get more flavor. I've been making this recipe for years. They turn out perfect every time nice and tender and juicy I love this recipe, but when I make it, I empty the whole bottle of BBQ sauce into a bowl, then fill the empty bottle with about  1/2  to 3/4 way up of water, swish it around a little, pour that into the bowl of BBQ sauce, and add and combine about a cup or more of chopped celery & onions into the sauce. When you pour this sauce mixture over the preboiled ribs in the 9x13 pan, it creates a gravy-like sauce that not only tastes great on the ribs but is also fantastic served on mashed potatoes when served with the ribs. My BBQ sauce of choice has always been Open Pit BBQ sauce which is hard to find in the southwest where I now live, so I have to order it from Amazon. This is a very old BBQ recipe of my mothers using the same method used here of pre-boiling, foil-covered baked  BBQ ribs recipe but with just a few small changes. This was my mother’s one and only BBQ Ribs recipe, she made it frequently serving it with either baked potatoes or potato salad and homemade baked beans. I never make up less than 5 pounds at a time, and cook in the oven with much more sauce and for at least an hour. The meat was really tough Made as directed, but I used baby back ribs! Meat fell of the bone! These were delicious! I had to be gone in the afternoon, so I cooked them in the morning exactly as written. When  I returned home, I preheated the oven to  300, and took ribs out of fridge to warm, adding additional bbq sauce. I recovered them with foil and heated for 30 minutes! My husband raved! Watch for bones and I agree with another viewer - small serving- 3 at best.
