Whole Wheat Pancakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/16488/whole-wheat-pancakes/
In a food processor or in a large bowl, combine the whole wheat flour, white flour, wheat germ or oats, baking powder, baking soda, brown sugar, and salt. Cut the butter into small pieces with a knife, and add the butter to the flour-mixture. Mix until the mixture has a sand-like consistency. Make a well in the center of the flour-butter mixture, and add the buttermilk and eggs. Stir until the liquids are fully incorporated. Heat a frying pan over medium heat and grease the surface with 1 tablespoon of butter or oil. Ladle the batter onto the surface to form 4 inch pancakes. Once bubbles form on the top of the pancakes, flip them over, and cook them on the other side for about 2 minutes.
This is my pancake recipe now. However, I do not use butter. I substitute 1/4c canola oil (or sometimes unsweetened applesauce. If I double, I use 1/4c each). I also use 1 egg and 2 egg whites instead of 3 eggs. Since I don't usually have buttermilk, I use soured milk (add tbs lemon juice or vinegar to your milk). I gradually add the liquid until the batter is the right consistency since it tends to be thin. I throw in a tbs or two of ground flax seed for a little added nutrition. I usually double this recipe and freeze the extras. They warm up great in the toaster. They're also great if you add blueberries. I added Spice Island pumpkin pie spice and almond extract and my family goes nuts for these! For extra toasty flavor I substitute coconut sugar for the brown sugar. Delicious! I poured batter into my waffle iron; I stored the rest of the batter in the refrigerator for tomorrow. I substituted a dry buttermilk  blend mixed with water; I also added one ripe banana but I should have added 2 ripe bananas. I topped waffle with hazelnut spread with cocoa.  I think fruit toppings would also work well! Thanks for sharing. The recipe was great.  I did have to change things due to the fact we did not have them on hand or I knew with the amount of fluid it would be too runny for our group.1 I cut the butter down to just 5 Tbls2 I used 2 c milk because oops I realized all our vinegar was all gone so sour milk or buttermilk were out of the question.3 did not have wheat germ so flax seed was used.4 due to the fact I had to use only milk I was afraid they would be flat so I doubled the baking powder.Other than those changes everything was all set.  These were very good.   Looking forward to making these as written. Get ready for an enormous and liquidy batch of pancakes. Omg , these were delicious .., I added pure vanilla , substituted flax seed for wheat germ , sprinkled cinnamon. On top with extra blueberries and drizzled  blueberry juice atop Yummmm?? A substitute for wheat germ is flax seed. I don’t normally keep wheat germ in my pantry. Also a little bit of vinegar and soy milk or almond milk can substitute for buttermilk for those with dairy intolerance like my family. Just made these! I used my own ground whole wheat. I didn’t have wheat germ so I added a little flax meal. Boy these are yummy. I live the butter in them. Best we’ve ever had! Used swerve and applesauce instead of butter and brown sugar (maybe add another tb or two as it would be nice just a little sweeter), added 1.5 tsp cinnamon, some vanilla, and 1/2 c chopped raisins to make cinnamon raisin pancakes, served with a sprinkle of butter, cinnamon/sugar and syrup. Loved these. Made 12 with 1/3 cup measure, 3 without the raisins, 4 with each
