Merritt's Butternut Squash Gratin
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/165112/merritts-butternut-squash-gratin/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13-inch baking dish. Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir onion and garlic in hot butter until onion is soft and golden brown, about 10 minutes. Add squash and brown sugar. Continue to cook and stir until squash begins to brown on the edges but is still somewhat firm in the center, about 10 minutes. Scrape mixture into the prepared baking dish; pour in chicken broth. Wrap the dish tightly with aluminum foil. Bake in the preheated oven until liquid has been absorbed and squash is tender, 45 to 50 minutes. Meanwhile, toss together Gruyère cheese, Cheddar cheese, bread crumbs, thyme, and rosemary in a medium bowl until well combined. Uncover the dish and sprinkle evenly with Gruyère mixture. Sprinkle Parmesan cheese on top. Return to the oven and bake, uncovered, until topping is lightly crunchy and browned, about 15 minutes.
I have made this for 30 odd years. The 1st part can all be done on the stove top in a large saucepan. Just add the butternut along with the garlic and onions. Cook 5 min.,then add the stock,cover with lid. Bring to boil, reduce heat, simmer till tender.Remove lid turn up heat and reduce liquid till just moist. (don't let it burn). Put in baking dish and add topping. Just use tasty chedder and parm., cheese. The herbs over power the expensive cheese so why waste your money. This is delicious! I cooked it as the other reviewer Clare Fisher suggested. So easy and less oven time. Next time I will double the recipe! This is great!  I've made it exactly as the recipe calls for- i've also mixed all sorts of squash, havarti instead of gruyere, Trader Joe's unexpected cheddar - you can't go wrong.  I've also done dried herbs rather than fresh - its still great!  However last time i made it I added crumbled sausage.  OMG-it went from great to amazing!!!! The recipe was delicious. I cooked the squash a bit longer in the skillet than anticipated, so I shortened the baking time to 20 minutes before adding the cheese mixture. Then, I put it back in the oven after adding the cheese mixture for another 20 minutes and it turned out perfect. Also, I substituted some shaved parmesan/romano cheese for the gruyere because I needed to use what I had on hand and it didn't hurt the recipe at all. It was delicious! I will definitely make this again! amazing! I will make this again and again! Turned out well. I had to alter a little because I had frozen squash. But taking reviews into consideration I used way less broth (frozen was pretty soft and wet.... reviews stating how wet the dish was) and simmered it with the onion, garlic, herb mix till most of the liquid evaporated and the herbs were infused into what was leftover. Then added the squash and baked, covered for 20 minutes. Melted butter and mixed with bread crumbs and a fraction (don't like overly cheesy vegetables) of swiss cheese (that's what I had)  for a crumb topping and broiled till brown. Turned out tasty for us. Will try with fresh squash but with less cheese, and maybe simmer the squash a bit in the broth with the herbs to help soften and lessen bake time. Will do again! I liked this recipe.  I used different cheeses, using what I had. This was a good recipe and one I might make again.  It was not as sweet as most butternut squash recipes I am used to.  The butternut squash really soaked up the chicken broth and it changes the flavor of the squash a lot.  Still it was tasty and everyone in my house liked it. This was amazing!  I've served it at several large parties and there are never leftovers.  Make it, you won't be disappointed! I think it would have been good with some bacon bits!!
