Baked Ziti with Sausage
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/165350/baked-ziti-with-sausage/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13-inch baking dish. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a rolling boil over high heat. Stir in ziti and return to a boil. Cook pasta uncovered, stirring occasionally, until cooked through but still firm to the bite, about 8 minutes. Drain well. While pasta is cooking, heat a large skillet over medium heat. Add sausage; cook and stir until brown, about 10 minutes. Drain sausage and set aside. Stir together ricotta, onion, egg, garlic, and oregano in a large bowl until well combined. Stir in pasta, sausage, salt, pepper, and the half jar of spaghetti sauce; mix well. Cover the bottom of the prepared baking dish with 1/3 of the full jar spaghetti sauce. Layer with 1/2 of the pasta mixture, 1/2 of the remaining spaghetti sauce, and 1/2 of the shredded cheese. Repeat layers once more using remaining pasta, sauce, and cheese. Sprinkle basil over top and cover the dish tightly with aluminum foil. Bake in the preheated oven until heated through, about 20 minutes. Uncover; return to the oven and bake until cheese is melted, 5 to 10 more minutes. ol
I made the full recipe as is, but used low-fat cheese and whole wheat pasta. I do not believe this had any negative impact on taste. I opted to split it into (2) 8x8 pans as it really makes a large portion. One of which I baked & served that evening, and the other I assembled & then threw in my freezer for another night. In each pan, I had room for a layer of sauce, a layer of the pasta mixture, another layer of sauce, and topped it with cheese. But as a side note, I did not add cheese to the one I froze. When I was ready to finally bake the frozen pan, I let it thaw overnight in my fridge. I threw it in my preheated oven (375 F) and cooked for approx 45 min (wrapped in tin foil). I added the cheeses, and let it cook for another 15 minutes. Good taste, easy to make (and freeze for later!), and the sausage adds substance. Will make again.  Good  recipe. Although my husband liked the texture of the raw onions, I agree with others and think they should be sautéed  before adding it to the mix. Also, I used 2 jars of sauce. Will make again. So yummy This was great made just as receipt instructed.  Am not a cook, so would not know how to make any better. The raw onion and garlic is gross, kids won’t eat it. Need to sauté in the pan after you remove sausage. Also there are too many noodles, probably need to cut it back by 1/4.  Finally the cheese mixture is bland- needs more seasoning. Read the recipe then looked at reviews to see how some of folks tweaked the recipe.  I followed most of the recipe.  I took the suggestions by cooking the onions and garlic with my sausages. I used 2 Large Sweet Italian Sausage and 1 Spicy Italian Sausage.  I put the sausage in the freezer for about 2 hours then took them out and sliced them.  I prefer the link sausage over the ground sausage.  I also added a Red, Yellow and Orange Pepper.  I added the peppers to the sausage and onion while they were browning.  This is a great recipe and easy to make.  Day Old Ziti is very good.  Read the reviews and be creative.  Jambalaya is up next on my menu. Beautiful dish and so flavorful! Followed exactly except I goofed and didn’t have quite enough spaghetti sauce. Still outstanding and family loved it! This is one of my family's favorite dinners and it makes for good leftovers!  I always add a quarter cup of fresh grated Parmigiano Reggiano cheese to the ricotta and fresh chopped parsley on the top! Really good recipe although I had a few different ingredients on hand. I used wheat penne pasta, fresh mozzarella, added 1t flaked red pepper and forgot to add the egg. Despite these differences, it tasted great!
