Moo Goo Gai Pan
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/165846/moo-goo-gai-pan/
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a wok over high heat until it begins to smoke. Stir in broccoli and fresh mushrooms, then add straw mushrooms, bamboo shoots, and water chestnuts. Stir-fry until broccoli is tender and all vegetables are hot, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and wipe out the wok. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in the wok over high heat until it begins to smoke. Add garlic and stir-fry until it turns golden, a few seconds. Add chicken and stir-fry until browned on the edges and no longer pink in the center, about 5 minutes. Stir broth, cornstarch, sugar, soy sauce, oyster sauce, and rice wine together in a small bowl; pour over chicken in the wok and bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Boil until sauce thickens and is no longer cloudy, about 30 seconds. Return vegetables to the wok; toss with sauce and cook until heated through, about 1 minute.
I Hope that people read this review before running out and buying ingredients. NOTE: There is NO rice wine vinegar...IT IS JUST RICE WINE OR SAKE...NOT VINEGAR!I have been making this recipe for a while now and it is great. I just wanted to mention that the "rice wine" should NOT be rice wine vinegar. In case anyone got confused. You can also substitute sake for the rice wine. My family loves Chinese food and this is one of our favorites. Didn't taste exactly like a restaurants, but it was very good! Will definitely make again It was not bad as a first attempt! I need a hotter wok! I am going to buy an outside burner stove! My inside gas stove does not cut it. Flavor was good but could be better! Chinese needs to be cooked over nuclear hot! I WILL get this down!! Delicious! Easy to prepare and cook. It is very good. Family liked it, and it is easy to make. The recipe was easy to follow.   I enjoy cooking Chinese food at home  it   very  nutritious.    MOO GOO GAI PAN is one of my favorite food when ordering take -out Chinese food and today I  made this for dinner so yummy and delicious .  Thanks ! deven  Edna Gibbs from the Bronx Didn't like the sauce. I've made this twice and love it! it's already my husband's favorite, and even my picky 8 year old ate it up. 1st time there was hardly enough sauce.Quadruple the sauce mixture was a little to sweet so next time only 3 tablespoons of sugar. all the work is in the prep Too sweet. Not enough sauce. Should be more chicken broth, less sugar, and enough sauce you can dip a spoon in if you want.
