Juicy Thanksgiving Turkey
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/166160/juicy-thanksgiving-turkey/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a roaster with sheets of aluminum foil long enough to wrap around turkey. LLRECIPES / KAREN HIBBAR Stir parsley, rosemary, sage, thyme, lemon-pepper seasoning, and salt together in a small bowl. LLRECIPES / KAREN HIBBAR Rub herb mixture into turkey cavity, then stuff with orange wedges, onion, carrot, and celery. Tie turkey legs together with kitchen string, then tuck the wings under the body. LLRECIPES / KAREN HIBBAR Place turkey on the foil in the roasting pan. Pour champagne and chicken broth over turkey, making sure to get some liquid in the cavity. LLRECIPES / KAREN HIBBAR Bring aluminum foil up and over the top of turkey and seal; try to keep the foil from touching the turkey. LLRECIPES / KAREN HIBBAR Roast turkey in the preheated oven until juices run clear, 2 ½ to 3 hours. Uncover turkey and continue baking until the skin turns golden brown, 30 to 60 more minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of thigh, near the bone, should read 180 degrees F (80 degrees C). LLRECIPES / KAREN HIBBAR Remove turkey from the oven, cover with two sheets of aluminum foil, and allow to rest in a warm area before slicing, 10 to 15 minutes. LLRECIPES / KAREN HIBBAR Serve and enjoy! LLRECIPES / KAREN HIBBAR ou can use white wine in place of Champagne if desired
We used this recipe this Thanksgiving and the turkey came out EXCELLENT! We marinaded the turkey in the champagne and broth for 24 hours before and rubbed the seasonings in the turkey cavity and under the skin and stuffed with carrots, onions, celery and orange as directed. The result was a juicy turkey (even the white meat) that was full of flavor!! Thanks so much!!! Second time, excellent again!!! I used both times shallots and Proseccoinstead of onion and Champagne Tried this Champagne Turkey recipe on Xmas Day this year and wow what a fantastic idea. Turkey came out moist & so tasty, the whole family loved it.  Night before, I mixed all the herbs, salt & pepper with butter & olive oil and then smothered that under the skin and on top of the Turkey.  I also filled the cavity with a chopped carrot, 1/2 onion & a tangerine. I didn't have chicken broth so instead being in UK used one OXO chicken stock with 200ml of cold water and mixed that with about 300ml of champagne, our Turkey was about 8lbs. Next morning I poured the champagne/stock all over and inside the Turkey (wife & I enjoyed a glass or two with the rest of the champagne :) ). I then enclosed the Turkey in foil, careful to make sure the foil didn't touch the top of Turkey. Preheated the oven and I then cooked at 180 'F for 2 hours, then basted juices & cooked for another 45 mins removing the foil on top to allow the Turkey to brown.  I then rested the Turkey, but first covered with a tea towel, for 1 hour. I saved the Turkey juices and used this to make the most amazing gravy. Enjoy! Thank you AllRecipe for sharing the recipe, I've saved this for next Xmas. I did this for thanksgiving and it was the best! Best Thanksgiving turkey that I have ever made! I've been using this recipe for years and it's been a game changer. I tweaked it a little over the years but I've been using it since 2013. I wouldn't use any other. I've been using this turkey recipe for about 7 years, I tweak it a little bit, but it always turns out great, I get so many compliments and now I'm always asked to cook the turkey for my family Thanksgiving and Friendsgiving. This recipe is great for my family! We’ve used this recipe for years now!! Family favorite I have made this recipe several times and it comes out perfect
