Red Lentil Curry
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/16641/red-lentil-curry/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Wash lentils in cold water until water runs clear. otdash Meredith Food Studio Put lentils in a pot with enough water to cover; bring to a boil and reduce heat to medium-low. Cover and simmer, adding water as needed to keep lentils covered, until tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Drain. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat; cook and stir onions in hot oil until caramelized, about 20 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix together curry paste, curry powder, turmeric, cumin, chili powder, salt, sugar, garlic, and ginger in a large bowl; stir into onions. otdash Meredith Food Studio Increase heat to high and cook, stirring constantly, until fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in tomato puree and lentils; cook until warmed through. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
I have never sent a review for any recipe that I have tried. But, this recipe deserves one! It is excellent. I used fresh tomatoes and then put them into the caramelized onions. I also simmered all the spices together in a little oil, as taught to me by an Indian cook. Then, tossed in the garlic and ginger; continued for about 1 more minute. Afterwards, I put the tomato and onions into the spice mix. Then, added the lentils... AWESOME! This curry was delicious, simple and easy. I made this curry last minute and subbed some pineapple juice for the sugar since I am avoiding refined sugar. I was astounded at how flavorful and rich this curry was paired with brown rice. Awesome. I made this and was pleasantly surprised by how much I liked it, I added some crushed chilli puree to the spice mix for a cheeky kick, apart from that I didn't change or add anything else Delicious and very easy. I served with basmatti rice. I didn't have tomato puree so used a small can of diced tomatoes.  LOVED IT! Wonderful. Made to recipe, it was very dry, I added broth to make it more moist. Will definitely put on my favorite folder. great!  Like resturants Been making Indian Restaurant style curries for years but never got round to a lentil curry. Recipe is Ok but as a dish, it needs some added interest like large chopped peppers/onions/cauliflower and perhaps some beans or chickpeas. Lentils on their own is a bit boring. DeeLISH! This is the second time I've made this dish. However, it takes this cook WAY more than 10 minutes to prep. Really easy and delicious! Very yummy!!! Will make again!!!
