Slow Cooker Taco Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/16678/slow-cooker-taco-soup/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studios In a medium skillet, cook the ground beef until browned over medium heat. Drain, and set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studios Place the ground beef, onion, chili beans, kidney beans, corn, tomato sauce, water, diced tomatoes, green chile peppers and taco seasoning mix in a slow cooker. otdash Meredith Food Studios Mix to blend, and cook on Low setting for 8 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studios
Made this last night with the following adjustments: browned the beef with the taco seasoning to give it more flavor, used a 10.75 oz. can of tomato soup instead of the 8 oz. can of tomato sauce, added a packet of ranch dressing, only used 1 can of beans, used 1 can of "southwestern style" diced tomatoes (diced tomatoes and jalapenos) and 1 can of regular diced tomatoes, and only added 1 cup of water. It was perfect -- had a great consistency (not too thick, not too runny) and was spicy but not too hot. Definitely add a dollop of sour cream! Delicious! Only change I made was using serrano peppers instead. Was fantastic. Made this for a football party I added 1 lb spicy sausage to it. It was a huge hit Overall easy meal prep for my college week as well as a tasteful meal could have used a bit more flavor though. This recipe was a family favorite for over 5 years. I made it monthly during fall and winter and froze leftovers for easy meal nights. I did sauté the onions prior to adding to reduce their bitterness. We ate it so frequently that it moved out of rotation this last winter. This recipe is great. It is one of my family's favorites. It is great as followed, but because I like to cook more,  I season it to taste. If it's too watery for some, taste as you go along to get the right taste for you. I also add kidney beans, black beans & sometimes brown or pinto beans. I season my ground beef before adding to the crockpot & I add a second packet of taco seasoning mix Great!  I made some substitutions.  Instead of tomato sauce and water I added 2 c. V8 juice.  And instead of the canned tomatoes and chilis I added 1 can of Rotell tomatoes.
