Ellen's Buffalo Meatloaf
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/167087/ellens-buffalo-meatloaf/
Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Crumble the bread slice into crumbs and set aside. Grease an 8x8 inch baking dish. Thoroughly mix ground buffalo meat, onion, egg, ground mustard, tomatoes, salt, pepper, and bread crumbs in a large bowl. Form the meat mixture into a loaf shape about 8x4 inches and place into the middle of the baking dish. Apply ketchup to the top and sides of the meatloaf. Bake in preheated oven until meat is no longer pink and ketchup forms a glaze over the meatloaf, 1 1/2 hours. Let stand 10 minutes before serving.
This is my recipe, so let me add this to what I originally posted. Ground bison emits a "juice" that isn't familiar to me with other ground meats. I don't know what it is. I DO know that I skim it away from the meatloaf and once that's done, it doesn't appear again... not even during reheating. For those of you who've added to the recipe, I suspect the additions altered the chemistry. If the results were tasty, excellent! If not, you might want to try this recipe as posted, and alter it later, once you know what the original tastes like. The quick summary is the ground bison behaves differently when baked than ground beef. I should have mentioned this in my original posting of the recipe. Sorry 'bout that.Special note to reviewer "mcooks" (6/7/2022): you appear to have reviewed the wrong recipe. Mine doesn't call for any sugar or Worcestershire. I didn’t change or add a thing, and it came out so moist and delicious. I would definitely make it again, and might consider adding some garlic powder next time (though it came out great as is). I did drain off some of the excess liquid a few times during cooking after reading the author’s recommendation. I must’ve had a very juicy pound of bison beef because I had to add an extra 3/4 cup of breadcrumbs plus I dried out the piece of bread. I added the brown sugar and Worcester to the catsup. It was OK, but that took a long time for a 1 pound meatloaf! I made this recipe the other night for myself and my boys. I modified it just a bit to make it bigger by adding a pound of ground elk to the bison. I’ve hunted both of these animals so figured I’d make a unique meatloaf. I also omitted the onion as my boys don’t like that texture (eye roll). It was very tasty and we all enjoyed it, and the additional pound of meat provided me a single portion leftover meal for a different dinner. I did get the ‘juice’ that you mentioned from the bison meat but didn’t seem to mind the flavor. In fact I thought that it helped the meatloaf from drying out. Overall a wonderful recipe that I’ll be using again. I love it!  This was the first time using Buffalo and I wasn't disappointed.  I kept right to the recipe but did make one mistake.  I accidentally put the ketchup in with the meat mixture.  Maybe that is why it was so moist.  I then did add some more on top before baking and that glaze was great.  Oh, I didn't have a reg. onion so I used a red onion.  If I ever see Buffalo on sale again I will try it again! I just made this recipe as is and it was AWESOME!!! The only thing I did differently is I made two smaller meat loaves instead of one big one because I was running behind and didn’t want to wait an hour and a half. Doing it that way I baked it for an hour and they came out PERFECT. I will definitely be making this again. Mushrooms and v8 instead of diced tomatoes, a little garlic and barbecue seasoning. Used sage dressing mix for bread. We liked it! This is the best meatloaf I have ever had.  I am not a big fan of meatloaf but I had some ground bison so I decided to try this. Wow was I surprised!  I will make this again! My boyfriend said it was the best meatloaf he's ever had!!!!! I substituted a tomato based BBQ sauce instead of ketchup and it was amazing!
