Old-Fashioned Potato Salad
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/16729/old-fashioned-potato-salad/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add potatoes and cook until tender but still firm, about 15 minutes. Drain, cool, peel, and chop potatoes. otdash Meredith Food Studio While potatoes cook, place eggs in a saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring water to a boil; cover, remove from heat, and let eggs stand in hot water for 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from hot water, cool, peel, and chop eggs. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine the potatoes, eggs, celery, onion, relish, mayonnaise, mustard, garlic salt, celery salt, and pepper in a large bowl. Mix together well and refrigerate until chilled. otdash Meredith Food Studio Enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO
I really enjoyed this recipe. I did make some minor changes--I added extra mayo to make it less dry, I used dill pickles that I cut up instead of the sweet relish, and I cut up the potatoes prior to cooking to cut down on the cooking time. I will definitely make this again. Nothing to distinguish itself.  It was average.  Not good enough for people to want more. I didn't have my own potato salad recipe, so I tried this one to placate the hubby (who insists that it's better warm). I added some seasoned salt and Complete seasoning to the batch after my VERY PICKY husband suggested it needed more flavor.  However, he still complained that there was too much celery - which overpowered the potato - and that potato salad shouldn't be that crunchy. Personally, I liked it! but will halve the celery next time. This is the recipie I've used my entire life.  At this age I am trying to find something we both like with avocado oil or a good olive oil. excellent! I used miracle whip and sour cream.  It was so delish!!! Thank you I really liked this potato salad. For my taste, I used 3 tbsp pickle juice instead of relish and it was awesome. I also added more mayo. I will definitely make this again.  :-)
