Pumpkin Hummus
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/168203/pumpkin-hummus/
Place the garbanzo beans into a large container and cover with several inches of cool water; let stand 8 hours to overnight. Or, bring the beans and water to a boil in a large pot over high heat. Once boiling, turn off the heat, cover, and let stand 1 hour. Drain and rinse before using. Place the soaked garbanzo beans into a large saucepan and cover with several inches of water. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the garbanzo beans are tender, 1 1/2 to 2 hours. Once cooked, refrigerate the beans and liquid until cold. Drain the garbanzo beans, reserving the cooking liquid. Place the beans and 1/2 cup of the reserved cooking liquid into a blender, and puree until a smooth paste forms. Add the pumpkin puree, lemon juice, olive oil, tahini, garlic, cinnamon, nutmeg, and allspice. Cover and puree again until smooth. Use additional cooking liquid as needed to achieve a smooth consistency. Season to taste with salt.
This recipe turned out very good after a couple of modifications. I added 1 tsp of cayane pepper, 1/4 tsp paparika and a 1/2 tsp of cumin to give it more of a kick. I also used canned garbanzo beans, drained. It didn't need the extra liquid. Next time I would reduce the lemon juice to juice of 1 lemon. It was a bit too tart and I didn't even add the 5 oz. My 8 and 5 year olds liked this too. wish it had more of a pumpkin flavor, added more of the spices, it makes too much, try half and add more pumpkin Followed recipe using canned beans and it turned out delicious!  A hit with party guests! Crazy amazing!  I've always made my own hummus...I have always experimented with different ingredients to add in to make it unique..  never, have I used pumpkin and I don't know why!  PUMPKIN IS AMAZING!  thank you thank you!  I have to say when we want hummus I'm not about to soak beans.  I take the short cut and use Goya canned chick peas.  amazing flavor!  watch it great pumpkin...I'm coming for you! I added half a jalapeno ! Fantastic ! Not a huge fan of this recipe without tweaks, but I feel like its not because its a bad recipe, but more of depends on you taste buds kinda thing. I ended up drastically decreasing the spices and lemon juice. I increased the garlic, plus added garlic powder (I love garlic), added cumin, more salt, and chipotle powder. I think I'm just not a fan of sweet hummus, but to each his own, it was great inspiration as I never would have considered it! Added pepper, extra garlic and creamy peanut butter.  Taste creamy and wonderful! Simply delicious!! We're dieting at home and having hummus ready is a great snack alternative to eat with veggies. I used a whole bag of dry garbanzos cooked in the pressure cooker and a large can of pumpkin puree (don't like to waste and that's all I had on hand), sauteed the garlic, and skipped the tahini since didn't have any, added pumpkin pie spices. I adjusted all the spices to taste. This recipe is awesome!  I halved the recipe and even with just 2 cans of chick peas, I still used the whole 15 oz can of pumpkin.  Also added 1/4 tsp cayenne.  It is a great consistency and just plain yummy! This is delicious!  Will definitely make again.  Took to a gathering with kids/adults and everyone loved it.  I did take the advice on the "adds" and it couldn't have been better.  Served with fresh pita bread.
