Easy Breaded Shrimp
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/16824/easy-breaded-shrimp/
Gather the ingredients. Heat oil in a deep fryer or large saucepan to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Working one at a time, dip shrimp into beaten egg, allowing any excess egg to drip back into the bowl. Press into bread crumbs to coat both sides. Place the breaded shrimp, unstacked, onto a plate. Repeat with remaining shrimp. Lower breaded shrimp carefully into preheated oil in batches. Fry until crispy and golden brown, about 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to drain. Repeat with remaining breaded shrimp.
This was super easy, though a little messy, I season my 21/30 count easy peel shrimp with season salt, then I dredged in a seafood breader {flour version) then into the egg mixture and rolled in panko bread crumbs and then into the fryer. Watch your oil temp, my first batch cooked and browned a little to fast. After that the rest came out golden brown with a great crunch, very good, I made my own cocktail sauce also. Panko bread crumbs with keep your shrimp breading crunchy. This was so easy! I did add a tsp. of garlic powder and some salt to give shrimp a little more seasoning. Served with sauteed veggies and wild rice. I double breaded the shrimp , added garlic poder to the egg and squeezed some lemon after  ccooking.  Could have more zing but was a hit.  L Simple and crisp but the breading needs some seasoning. Salt if nothing else. Followed to a T. Very quick & delicious! Awesome...only used panko crumbs vs bread crumbs based on some reviews . Definitely will keep as my go to for quick dinner!, Love it! Didn't know if I should thaw shrimp first but found that the egg stayed better when done so. Thank you for the recipe! My family loved it! Simple recipe, but I would've liked it if there was a kick of flavour to it. Maybe some pepper, paprika and garlic powder to taste. Cajun spice works well with lemon/lime too.  You could even add some hot sauce in the egg mixture. followed recipe. what should oil temp be? mine appeared too light and slightly tough? Great recipe! was very easy to make! Tastes great! I recommend this recipe
