Homemade Banana Pudding Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/16875/homemade-banana-pudding-pie/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line the bottom and sides of a 9-inch pie plate with a layer of alternating vanilla wafer crumbs and banana slices. To Make Pudding: In a medium saucepan, combine 1 1/2 cups sugar with flour. Mix well, then stir in half the milk. Beat egg yolks and whisk into sugar mixture. Add remaining milk and butter or margarine. Place mixture over low heat and cook until thickened, stirring frequently. Remove from heat and stir in vanilla extract. Pour half of pudding over vanilla wafer and banana layer while still hot. Make another layer of alternating vanilla wafers and banana slices on top of pudding layer. Pour remaining pudding over second wafer and banana layer. To Make Meringue: In a large glass or metal bowl, beat egg whites until foamy. Gradually add 1/4 cup sugar, continuing to beat until whites are stiff. Spread meringue into pie pan, making sure to completely cover pudding layer. Bake in preheated oven for 15 minutes, just until meringue is browned. Chill before serving.
This is the best homemade pudding my husband and I have ever tasted...but please reduce your sugar...I find 1/2 c. sugar to 2 c. whole milk provides just the perfect backdrop for the eggs and vanilla extract to show off their flavors. Oh my goodness, it is really that good!!! My husband and I also think the dish could use more pudding, so next time we will increase milk to 3 c., and adjust sugar accordingly. I love this recipe even though it's the first time making Homemade Banana Pudding Pie. The only thing I changed was to add a couple tablespoons of cream cheese in the pudding. If I do change anything next time, I'll cut down a little on the sugar. Just a question. Is this a deep dish pie plate or regular size? I made this and I was not disappointed - in fact it will most likely become a new tradition in my house!  I took an entire box of Nilla wafers and made them into crumbs which ended up being more than the 2 cups needed for the recipe.  So I decided to use a 9x13 pan but kept all the other ingredients the same.  I saw other reviews saying that each bite was 1/2 meringue and I wanted it to be a little more even with the meringue to pudding/crumbs/banana ratio.  The only thing I did different was reduce the sugar as suggested by several other reviews (glad I did!) & added banana extract instead of vanilla to the pudding instead (that definitely put it over the top!).  I also used the Meringue II recipe from this site for the topping since I've always had good results with it not weeping & it's become my go-to.  I plan on making this again but doubling the pudding which will also double the meringue.  I also want to try it again with the bottom layer using the crumbs, but make the middle layer with whole Nilla Wafer cookies instead & probably increasing the amount of sliced banana and using a 9x13 again.  The pudding is incredible and I will come back to this recipe for any pudding I make in the future - it's that good I promise!  Just make sure your egg whites are at room temperature for maximum fluffiness for the meringue.  It was gone so fast that I didn't get a chance to take a picture! So confused with 2 tsp of butter?? Too much sugar..all sugar and way too sweet. I made it to recipe and it’s a little sweet for our taste. I’ll cut back the sugar in the pudding part. Otherwise, it’s delicious!
