Fluffy French Toast
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/16895/fluffy-french-toast/
Gather all ingredients. LLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUG Measure flour into a large mixing bowl. Slowly whisk in milk. Whisk in eggs, sugar, vanilla extract, cinnamon, and salt until smooth. LLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUG Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium heat. Meanwhile, soak bread slices in milk mixture until saturated. LLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUG Working in batches, cook bread on the preheated griddle or pan until golden brown on each side. LLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUG Serve hot and enjoy. LLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUG
Wow, LOVED this recipe! In reading a LOT of reviews last night, the common theme seemed to be to double the vanilla and the cinnamon so I did, and I also took another reviewer's suggestion and added a Tablespoon of brown sugar, along with the Tablespoon of white sugar. The results were PERFECT!! Just got done eating some for breakfast this morning and had to post a review right away, so good!!! UPDATE (5/30/12): This recipe is now a FAMILY FAVORITE! I use Texas Toast and found that if you triple this recipe, it will make 2 loaves (30 slices) total. I make it this way and then freeze all the slices that don't get eaten at breakfast... would you believe that these taste even BETTER after they've been frozen?? I just pop them in the toaster until they are heated through and they are PERFECT! A great tasty homemade quick breakfast... these are now a staple in our freezer! My kids love to eat these as french toast sticks. After I reheat them, I cut them into 4 or 5 strips and then they dip them in maple syrup. UPDATE (12/19/13): Just when I didn't think this recipe could get any better, I used Kirkland (Costco) brand Cinnamon bread... AMAZING!!! The toast was so delicious and so sweet. I love the texture and the crunch of the bread and it makes a wonderful breakfast According to everyone I make this for, this is the best recipe for French Toast. I have been keto for 10 months...mostly PSMF carnivore.  I have been right on track. I made a mistake of tasting these when making them for my family! Sooo good.  I wound up eating and controlling myself to one slice.  I did make changes: added dbl vanilla, didnt have milk so I used what I had: used 1/2 HWC, 1/4 macadamia nut milk and 1/2 cup tazo classic chai tea latte.  Omg! Omg! Soooo soooo good. Perfect for a fall morning, even though its still triple digits outside. Liked it but everything needed to be double at least] I have made this countless times,with brioche bread, perfection! I made this recipe and did not make any changes, other than I doubled the ingredients just to make sure I had plenty of batter. I used Texas Toast, and made 10 slices of the best french toast I've ever made. There was still batter left over, but I'm glad I doubled it! My family said they were better than Denny's or the Golden Coral. I definitely recommend this recipe. Best French toast recipe ever!  The vanilla and cinnamon really give it a great flavor.  I used diced peaches as a topping but will work well with any fruit.
