Sicilian Homemade Ricotta Cheese
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/168941/sicilian-homemade-ricotta-cheese/
Line a large colander or sieve with 4 layers of cheesecloth. Set aside. Heat milk, buttermilk, heavy cream, and salt in a large, heavy, nonreactive saucepan over medium-low heat, stirring occasionally for the first 10 minutes. Continue heating, without stirring, until the temperature reaches 190 degrees F. Remove from heat and let stand for 1 hour. The mixture will be separated into white curds and clear whey. Using a slotted spoon, ladle approximately 1/4 of the curds into the cheesecloth-lined colander. Gather up the corners of the top cheesecloth and secure closed with a zip tie. Repeat with the rest of the curds, cheesecloth, and zip ties. Use the last zip tie to thread all of the cheeses together. Suspend the cheeses over a large wooden spoon over a large bowl, and let drain for 2 hours. Place the four cheeses, still in cloth, in a bowl in the refrigerator overnight. In the morning, cut zip ties, and transfer cheese to an airtight container.
Here are some tips I found out:1. A nonreactive saucepan refers to using any type of pot except aluminum and copper which would react with the acids in the milk; a heavy-bottomed pot is prefered to help prevent burning of the curds. 2. After the ricotta is made it can be stored up to 5-7 days, but may NOT be frozen; if it smells rancid then throw it out.3. When you drain the ricotta in the cheesecloth, the longer you drain it the drier it will be, and the less you drain it the creamier it will be.4. If you don't have a thermometer, then keep an eye on the cooking mixture until it separates into curds and whey (the milk has reached it's boiling point/scalding); remove from heat and either let the mixture cool/settle a bit, or scoop out the curds with a slotted spoon. UPDATE: The curds and whey separated nicely. I let the cheese cool down first, then I ladled the whey into a large bowl, and then I used a small colander to scoop out the curds into a clean dish cloth (I didn't have the cheese cloth on hand). Now it's hanging over the sink to drain and then I will refrigerate it over night. I tasted the ricotta and it tastes fresher than when you buy it at the store. This recipe is definitely a keeper. Thanks for sharing a classic, Orcashottie! I've been making this recipe for years.  What I've learned:1) you MUST make sure none of your dairy is "ultra pasteurized".  Ultra pasteurizing kill off enzymes important to the curdling process, and your cheese will never set.2) I find it annoying to deal with the separate bundles, so I drain it all in one lined colander/sieve.  This takes a while, but it's less fussing.  I do stir the curds in the sieve occasionally to keep it draining.When it works properly, this cheese is NOTHING like what you get in the supermarket.  It is dense, creamy, oh-so-rich, and amazing!!  It is divine on toast, or with some fruit or chopped up raw veggies.You can also save the whey and use it for breads, soups, or as a beverage (it's a great replacement for water in protein shakes or smoothies). Fantastic! I’ll never buy commercial ricotta again. i had a bit less than a half gallon of milk left over, and about a cup of buttermilk.  made the recipe anyway, and added a tablespoon of white wine vinegar (to make up for the lack of acid from the buttermilk).  i didn't have cheesecloth or flour sack cloth (this was a spur of the moment decision to find a way to use the milk and buttermilk, which were nearing their life-end), so i used a colander lined with paper towels, which worked perfectly!  i also stopped heating it at 180 (it continued to 183), because the curds were already forming.  it turned out beautifully.  tasted great.  ate it on kalamata/rosemary bread, with a tiny bit of chopped lemon basii and a sprinkling of pepper.  also tried it on whole grain bread with a drizzle of olive oil.both utterly delicious!to the person who used powdered buttermilk and got no curds, i think it's the acid in the buttermilk that's important.  if at any time, insufficient curds form, i would bet that the addition of of acid would solve the problem.add lemon juice, white wine or apple cider vinegar, a tablespoon at a time, and stir a bit to spread it,  until you see curds start to form, then stop and let it sit. I love this recipe. My Grandpa made cheese and none of the cousins have his recipe. I make this with lactose free milk, and leave out the heavy cream if it 's just for me, because I have a sensitivity to lactose. If it's for a holiday a leave in the heavy cream and have had no problems eating cheese, raviolis or cannolis to my heart's content! Absolutely delicious, never buying store bought again. This ricotta is by far the most amazing thing I've ever eaten. I'll never buy commercial ricotta again. Did not set up at all. I live in the Caribbean, and fresh buttermilk is not available. Used Bob Red Mill powdered buttermilk and reconstituted according to the package directions.  Did everything else exactly as written and not a single curd. Will follow a recipe like the one on Taste of Home next time. An expensive mistake. This is so much better than store bought and WAY better than the milk and vinegar recipes that I see all the time! The cheese itself is very delicious, not bland. And there is zero hint of vinegar taste, even in the whey itself, which I used in place of buttermilk (since the whey is cultured, or “sweet” rather than “acid”) in the Classic Bran Muffins recipe.
