Dill Pickle Meatloaf
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/169724/dill-pickle-meatloaf/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease an 8x8-inch baking dish. Beat egg in a mixing bowl. Whisk in onion, pickle juice, salt, and pepper. Stir in bread until soggy, then mix in ground beef until evenly combined. Form into a loaf and place into the prepared pan. Stir together chopped pickles, ketchup, water, sugar, and Worcestershire sauce; pour over the meatloaf. Bake in the preheated oven until no longer pink in the center, about 1 hour. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C).
I can dill pickles almost every year and thought I'd give this one a try. It is possibly the tastiest meatloaf I've ever made! I reduced the salt to 1/4 tsp.(plenty of salt in the pickle juice) and made an addition of 1/2 tsp. liquid smoke to the sauce recipie. Absloutely a delightful Meat loaf !!!! Tasted too much of pickles. The original recipe came from a Family Circle Publication "Great Ground-Beef Recipes".  Here is the original... GREAT I used twice the onions and two pounds of ground beef.   I also substituted the ketchup for Chipotle ketchup for a little zing.  It was amazing. Have made this recipe a few times now. Absolutely delicious. Has turned into a weekly thing around our house! This last time I tried leaving the water out of the glaze. Wasn't really much different just slightly thicker. Meatloaf always holds together well and tastes so good! Can't get over it. Thanks!Edit:Got asked to make this for a birthday party. Going to attempt doing a 3 lb meatloaf with this recipe in a couple of days! Excited to say the least 😁 Pickles and beef have been an amazing pairing dating back to Minnie and Mickey!  Followed as is but only added the sauce - per another reviewer, the last 10-15 minutes. In hindsight, would have added another slice of bread. While meatloafs are not always the most “attractive” thing on your dinner table, they are economical, easy to prepare and this one IS DELICIOUS! Would and will absolutely make again! Thanks CaraMeg! Just the right mix of tangy and sweet.  Loved the combination of taste.  It will be the one I go to when I want a great meatloaf.  Now I am not one to change a recipe but I did mix a little ground pork in because I had it and it tasted just fine. Simple to make, great favor and everyone enjoyed it.  I doubled the topping but otherwise made as directed. I made this tonight for dinner. The pickle juice added a nice tang to the meatloaf. I made it in a two piece loaf pan where the fat stays in the pan when you lift out the insert. I went with the tip and only put the topping on for the last 10 minutes. I felt the topping was too thin and ended up under the meatloaf, so I spooned it on as best as I could.
