Turkey in a Smoker
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/16984/turkey-in-a-smoker/
Preheat a smoker to 225 to 250 degrees F (110 to 120 degrees C). Rinse turkey under cold water, and pat dry. otdash Meredith Food Studio Rub crushed garlic over the outside of the turkey, and sprinkle with seasoned salt. Transfer to a disposable roasting pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Fill the turkey cavity with butter, cola, apple, onion, garlic powder, salt, and pepper. Cover turkey loosely with foil. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add wood chips to the smoker according to the manufacturer's directions. Place the roasting pan in the preheated smoker. Smoke the turkey, basting every 1 to 2 hours with juices from the bottom of the roasting pan, for 5 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add more wood chips if desired. Continue smoking and basting, until turkey is no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear, about 5 more hours. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh, near the bone, should read 180 degrees F (80 degrees C).
I sing praises here. I used applewood instead of hickory. And I used an LP water smoker instead of charcoal. Much easier and quicker (5 hours instead of 10 for a 12 lb free-range turkey). I knew I had a winner on my hands with the YELPS of joy from people who tasted the first slices of the bird. INTENSE smoky flavor (the applewood was a good choice). And the Pepsi-Cola and butter and apple and onion and garlic inside hit the spot giving it incredible sweetness. I brined this turkey first using a brine recipe I got on this site (with salt and brown sugar and rosemary (which I added)). This was one of the best turkeys I've ever prepared. The skin was very dark with smoke, with when you pricked it, it snapped. Inside the turkey was surprisingly moist. A definite hit. Almost sinister and alien it was so intensely flavored. Easy and simple recipe11hrs later .. time to restWell see if the taste matches the looks This is not only the best Turkey I've ever made, it's the best I've ever tasted anywhere! The whole family was blown away. It was great    I've done it this way for years The recipe is great and the flavor really comes out! The only issue is, you definitely do not want to cook your turkey in the smoker for ten hours at 225, unless you're planning to make turkey jerky. I've made this recipe three times now, all with turkeys over 15 pounds, and they are usually done in 4-5 hours. Dropping the temp to just the smoker setting will add an hour, or so, but the 10 hours is a definite stretch. My husband decided this for Thanksgiving we would smoke our turkey was at 19lbs.  He allowed for 20 hours of cooking time.  We basically doubled the ingredients.  We used a apple wood pellet and set smoker to 200 degree. After husband spent all night and every 2 hours basing it. At 16 hours our turkey was golden and holding internal temp of 184. I will say the meat was so tender it fell of the bone, the breast of the turkey was juicy and tender.  This is amazing my whole family loved it.  It takes time so plan ahead and don't rush it Best, most juiciest turkey I’ve ever had, let alone cooked in my life! I halved the recipe, brined the breast for 36 hours, and smoked a 4.5 pound turkey breast with applewood for about 3.5 hours at 225-250° to reach an internal temp of 160° and let it sit for 30 minutes. My goodness! My husband isn’t even a fan of smoked food and is very picky about turkey having that dry, stick to your teeth feeling, this had none of that and he freaking loved it! I can’t sing enough praises for this! I don’t even like turkey and would consider cooking this for a summer bbq just for fun! I will never consider roasting a turkey ever again!! Adding this to my handwritten recipe box!!! Do yourself a favor and just cook it! p.s., I used Pepsi! Yes, the meat needs to reach 165 degrees for one second (white meat), but its also safe when the meat maintains a 145 degree temp for 10 minutes or 150 degree temp for three minutes.When the white meat reaches 150 degrees let it cook for three more minutes and you'll be safe.I've been doing it this way for over 10 years without any problems at all.And you won't need to brine it since cooking it this way produces moIst white meat YUP this is a winner !I used " Out of this world turkey brine " for 24hrs. I used the Brine recipe and added one cup of apple cider vinegar and one orange into slices with rind. Now the turkey I used a Traeger fin and feather rub over the garlic, everything else exact as described. Cooking time I used the 30 minute per pound rule at 225. So the 15lb turkey was as 165 after 7.5 hours of smoking. But we like our turkey at 185, so I cooked it at 350 with foil cover off for an extra hour to get the temp and a dark brown color on the bird. Used a half apple and half mapple mix pellet in the hopper. After letting the bird set for 30 minutes it was carving time. The first slice had everyone amazed. Perfectly cooked but wow to the juices.  Bottom line this recipe with out a doubt is a repeat. I think this will be a recipe that we make for a normal meal with out a special occasion.  Highly recommended ?? Best turkey ever!
