Cream Cheese and Crab Sushi Rolls
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/169856/cream-cheese-and-crab-sushi-rolls/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bring rice and water to a boil in a saucepan over high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the rice is tender, and the liquid has been absorbed, 20 to 25 minutes. Stir in rice vinegar and salt. Allow to cool completely. otdash Meredith Food Studio Lay out seaweed sheets. Moisten hands with water, then spread cooled rice evenly on each sheet, leaving a 1/2-inch gap along one edge, lengthwise. Arrange strips of cucumber, imitation crabmeat, and cream cheese on top of the rice in a straight line along the side opposite the gap. Roll up sushi from the toppings to the seaweed sheet's exposed end. otdash Meredith Food Studio Using a sharp wet knife, slice each roll into 5 or 6 pieces. Serve with minced ginger on the side. otdash Meredith Food Studio
ours turned out tasting really well, but since it was our first time making sushi, it was hideous. still it was a learning experience and i had tons of fun just trying to make it. one note of warning: you will most likely get messy. we did. I will be making this tomorrow. I like that it's just simple to make. I will maybe mix cream cheese and kewpie mayo to add more flavor and texture. It was my first time making sushi rolls and it was a hit at home!! This is a great recipe. I thought that it was quite good aside to the type of crab that you used if you made  it with a different type of crab I would think that it would taste a little bit better. I made this both with and without carrots(as I ran out). I like this roll with a little spicy mayo if you can find it or chipolte as a substitution.. I always make homemade sushi. I glad u put recipe sounds good. Tasted dry Don't use Uncle Benz rice. You need the medium grain kind that comes out of the rice cooker a little sticky. If you can't grab the rice with chopsticks, it's not the right kind. It can be either Japanese or Korean (Chinese won't do). You can find it in the international aisle at most grocery stores (including Walmart). It is sometimes called "sushi rice". You can add salt and a bit of vinegar right in the cooking of the rice, or mix it once  it's cooked with a solution of fish stock (or chicken if you don't like fish), vinegar, and a bit of sugar. The rice is what makes or breaks sushi, so it's important to get the right kind and prepare it properly. Amazing! Great recipe! I made some personal modifications by adding some temporary shrimp but was amazing! This a good recipe and I've made it many times with varying vegetables and using sticky rice. Include some condiments such as pickled ginger, soy sauce, and wasabi.
