Mom's Chicken Paprika
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/16990/moms-chicken-paprika/
In a shallow dish or bowl, combine 1/2 cup four, seasoned salt, thyme and ground black pepper. Mix together; coat chicken pieces in this mixture and fry in shortening in a large skillet until lightly browned on all sides. Sprinkle paprika and garlic salt over chicken. Add hot water to skillet and simmer for 30 minutes. Placed onion rings on top of chicken pieces and simmer for another 30 minutes. Remove chicken, with onions on top, to a serving platter and reserve. In a small bowl, blend 2 tablespoons flour with milk and add to liquid in skillet. Cook, stirring, until thickened. Pour thickened mixture over chicken and serve with hot cooked white rice or egg noodles, if desired.
This makes a great "comfort" dinner when served with rice or noodles. It does take a little time while it simmers but it smells and tastes great. I chose to add mushrooms as well for an extra touch, and I replaced the shortening with a tbsp of vegetable oil in order to cut the fat. Yummy! Loved It! Hi, I tried this recipe because it called for chicken with bone in, and both my husband and I were impressed!  Great recipe Ann; I followed recipe exactly and it turned out fantastic and definately is a keeper! Beautiful and easy !!! I used skin on bone in thighs, and they are perfect for this dish. I cut the shorting in half, this is pretty fatty chicken (it was on sale so you know how that goes.....)  I did add a pinch of cyanne, because this smoked paprika I have in the house is pretty mild.  I will make this agian. This was okay. I didn't like the breading cause it got all soggy and I just pulled it off. the chicken had a good flavor and was juicy. My BF loved it, but to me it was just okay and not something I would make again. I did like the end product, yet I found some of the steps of preparing out of place. I will make this again, but I would sautee the breaded breasts & remove. Then I would make my rue, introduce my liquids to make my sauce/ gravey. Then place the browned chix breast into the sauce to simmer... Just a "back to the basic" formula. Easy to make...a surprise to taste. Everyone liked the chicken dish and some took it for lunch the next day. My wife and I gave it five stars. I have read the reviews and I don't care if this isn't truly Hungarian. My husband and I loved it. The gravy it made was delicious and I served it over  (the Swedish) dumplings. I did tweak the recipe some deleting the thyme because we don't like it's flavor. I used Hungarian sweet paprika and a little smoked paprika. I didn't use the shortening either but used vegetable oil and it worked well.  I usually love spicy but this recipe I feel is perfect without the kick. Thanks for sharing this recipe. I was doubtful of it's flavour but oh what a surprise. Simple and tasty! Easy to adjust the seasoning. How much more easy could it get! Hubby and kids liked this dish. Well worth the (little) effort. *****   I added onion chunks and Paul Prudhomme'sPoultry Magic. Ialso increased paprika and garlic powder.  Yumm!  *****
