Pumpkin Pancakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/17036/pumpkin-pancakes/
Gather all ingredients. llrecipes/Karen Hibbar Stir milk, pumpkin, egg, oil, and vinegar together in a large bowl until well combined. llrecipes/Karen Hibbar Whisk flour, brown sugar, baking powder, baking soda, allspice, cinnamon, ginger, and salt together in a separate bowl. Add to pumpkin mixture; whisk just until combined. llrecipes/Karen Hibbar llrecipes/Karen Hibbar Spray a griddle or frying pan with cooking spray; heat over medium-high heat. Pour 3 to 4 tablespoons batter for each pancake onto the hot griddle and flatten batter slightly with a spoon. llrecipes/Karen Hibbar Cook until small bubbles appear, about 2 minutes. llrecipes/Karen Hibbar Flip and cook until golden brown, about 2 more minutes. Repeat with remaining batter. llrecipes/Karen Hibbar Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
These pancakes are OUT OF THIS WORLD! They're moist and delicious!As always, I used REAL pumpkin instead of the canned stuff (I think it makesa HUGE difference and real pumpkins are so easy to cook--I just cut them in half, scoop out the insides, and then put them face down on a baking sheet at425 degrees for about an hour. After they cool, the skins come off very easily. Then take the pumpkin and mash it with a potato masher. Just make sure thatyou use the right kind of pumpkins--sweet ones like New England or Baby Pam.The big ones at the supermarket will not work).Then I put butter REAL maple syrup on the pancakes, but they're so good, you could almost eat them plain! 5 stars! Kiddos loved it. We needed some fall food and this hit the spot. A little bit of cream cheese icing really made them shine. I enjoyed this! Some notes. I soured the 2% milk separately with vinegar vs mixed all together w the wet ingredients. Since sugar is considered a wet ingredient, like another mentioned, put in wet so it doesn’t clump. I am trying to decrease gluten so I used 1/2 GF flour 1/2 tapioca starch. Can’t taste a difference. The first time I tried this was w almond milk and also was fine. Lastly the recipe listed 1x yields 6 pancakes but I HALVED it and it made that amount. Since I didn’t use whole milk I lowered the liquid but just note it makes the same amount. They are good looking pancakes and tasted good. I didn’t use all spice bec I’m not a clove fan so just did fresh nutmeg, cinnamon and ginger ground. Pancakes were very moist!I substituted the spices for pumpkin spice (2.5 tsp). I also added a tsp of vanilla and substituted the oil for 3 tbsp of melted butter. Increased sugar to 4 tbsp instead of 3 (I added it to the wet ingredients). Topped it with pecan pieces, banana and a drizzle of cream cheese with cinnamon icing. Definitely a keeper! Superb! Makes great pancakes. One small change though - mix the brown sugar into the wet ingredients, not the dry. Otherwise you end up with gritty pancakes with undissolved brown sugar in them. I love pumpkin — in fact, that’s why i decided to try to make these pumpkin pancakes. This recipe is nothing but disappointing. Like a few others have experienced, it doesn’t cook all the way through, causing a raw pancake. Additionally, it doesn’t even taste of pumpkin. Oftentimes for recipes I’ll only use cinnamon instead of the other pumpkin spice seasonings and that couldn’t even salvage this recipe. If you like the taste of regular pancakes this might be for you but I don’t recommend. This recipe is definitely a keeper!
