Janet's Rich Banana Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/17066/janets-rich-banana-bread/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x5-inch loaf pan. LLRECIPES / QI A Stir sugar and melted butter together in a large bowl. Add eggs and vanilla; mix well. Combine flour, baking soda, and salt; stir into butter mixture until smooth. LLRECIPES / QI A Fold in banana slices, sour cream, and walnuts; transfer into the prepared pan. LLRECIPES / QI A Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center of the loaf comes out clean, about 1 hour. LLRECIPES / QI A Cool loaf in the pan for 10 minutes before inverting onto a wire rack to cool completely. LLRECIPES / QI A Serve and enjoy! LLRECIPES / QI A
With minor variations this is the recipe I've been making for 40 years. It originally came from a home ec teacher and it is beyond awesome. The differences are, first, that I cream the softened butter with the sugar (not melted). I add 1 tsp. lemon juice with the vanilla, and use 1 tsp. each of baking soda and baking powder, and 1-3/4 c. flour. Finally, regardless of how many bananas are used it should equal 1 cup. You will never find a better banana bread, and over the course of 40 years, I've never heard differently. Edited 8/17/09: My original 4/14/08 review should have indicated that I mash the bananas, not slice them.  I make this all the time exactly how it says, and it's the best banana bread!  Super moist I’ve made this recipe hundreds of times!!I’ve altered it as I’ve gotten feedback from the people I’ve given it to…….,WHEN MAKING 3 LOAVES AT ONCE- I use 2 cups of sugar instead of 3- I use 4 tsp’s of vanilla instead of 3- I double the walnut's from 1 1/2 cups to 3 cupsThis is where I have found the most compliments……Now can someone tell me how to convert the recipe and cooking times to large muffins?Can I keep the recipe as is and do need to adjust the cooking times?? Best banana bread recipe ever❤️ This is my go to banana bread recipe due to its moistness. I add cinnamon to mine, and sometimes split the sugar between white & brown. Great recipe. I do like to cream my butter and sugar in place of using melted. I don't know if this affects the recipe, but this is the manner that I was taught as a youngun' and still follow today.This is a keeper!! Added dried cherries Nd chopped pecans This is my go-to banana bread recipe. It never disappoints! The addition of the sour cream keeps it from drying out, so it lasts for more than a few days (if we can keep from eating it all). Added chocolate chips to the pecans and bananas.
