Baked Ziti III
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/17098/baked-ziti-iii/
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain. In a large skillet, brown beef over medium heat. Add onions; saute until tender. Drain off fat and add spaghetti sauce; simmer for about 15 minutes. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a lightly greased 2 quart baking dish, place about half of the pasta; top with a layer of provolone and mozzarella cheese slices. Spread on a layer of half the spaghetti sauce mixture and sour cream. Cover with remaining pasta, cheese and sauce; sprinkle a layer of Parmesan cheese and fresh basil. Bake in preheated oven for about 30 minutes or until cheese and sauce are bubbly; serve.
Great recipe. I took the advice of another and tossed the ziti with the sour cream before layering. I will NEVER skip this step. The noodles stayed creamy and delicious. I browned ground pork, used left over ground beef, garlic and onion. I didn't have provolone so topped every layer with parmesan. I didn't need 2 jars of sauce as others said they did. very good. My whole family loves this, even picky grandchildren, which is saying something! To avoid the raw onion issue, I cooked them in a smidge of olive oil until translucent, then added the hamburger. Once the whole pot is simmering, I added @ 1 cup real shredded bacon bits, the kind you can find premade in the store. It added a smoky taste that enhanced the sauce. I also mixed the sour cream with the cooked pasta. Followed the recipe exactly with these minor tweaks. It makes a huge batch, so if I’m bringing a meal to someone, there’s enough to make a small casserole for the 2 of us. Using provolone cheese is a must IMO.Thank you for a wonderful recipe! Used 1 jar prego meat flavored and 1 jar basil, garlic flavored sauce! Froze and baked after complete thaw days later. Best ziti ever! Like other reviews, I mixed the sour cream in with the noodles and added garlic with the onion. Love this recipe. Thank you! I've made this multiple times and it has always turned out great. No way this fits into a 2 qt casserole. Use you 9 x 13. I added 3 cloves chopped garlic with onion. Delish. Winner!   Have made this recipe so many times.....I first discovered it when a friend made it for Grandparent's day to serve to all of the visiting grandparents in the elementary school.  I have since used it to feed guests at funeral luncheons, an anniversary party and countless meal deliveries to those in need of a meal.  I was told to mix the sour cream into the pasta before layering, and I have never veered from that piece of advice.  It is creamy and cheesy.  My personal preference for sauce is Prego Traditional.   Enjoy! We thought it was delicious.  I swapped out the ground beef for spicy Italian sausage and prepared it in 2 small pans so I could freeze one for later. I added garlic & Italian seasoning and it was still pretty bland
