Sloppy Joe Spaghetti
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/17094/sloppy-joe-spaghetti/
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook spaghetti in the boiling water, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 12 minutes; drain. Meanwhile, heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir beef in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes; drain and discard grease. Stir in sauce, bell pepper, and onion; cook and stir until onion and bell pepper are tender, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat; mix in bread crumbs and cheese. Add sauce to pasta; toss to coat and serve immediately.
I have to say that this recipe was one of the best that this site had to offer in a long time. I would have given it 5 stars, but I felt incline to add some tomato sauce to it. I feel that if I had left it the way that it was, it may have turned out too dry. I also added some italian seasoning to it as well. Everyone loved this dish, and it is something that I will make again!!!! Try this recipe...and just so that you know for me to rave about a recipe...it has got to be pretty darn good!!! no meat just used the can and spaghetti   garlic to water like others have said, this is REALLY DRY. I used 2 cans of manwich but the crumbs soak it all up and really don't add the best flavor. This disagreed with my stomach. I'm sorry, won't be making this again. I did add in two cans of sauce and that made it perfect. Kids liked it. The bell pepper gave it a nice flavoring. Easy to make and tasty, too!  What's not to like? I was surprised my kids love it. I really did not like it and I like sloppy Joes. For the ease of cooking and my children, I gave it a 4. I did not care for this recipe. Too little cheese and sauce for the spaghetti. Sloppy Joe sauce was just "wrong" with the pasta. Two thumbs DOWN. My family doesn't like Sloppy Joe mix, so I substituted some taco seasoning and spaghetti sauce with a little taco sauce instead....It turned out tasty and my family gobbled it up. I have tried this a few times. I find that using the powder mix in the packet for sloppy joes is MUCH better than canned. I could def. tell the difference! This is the only reason I did not rate this 5 stars. I hate putting in "changes" in the comments for recipes, as i think they should be rated on the original recipe, however, I think changing the canned to the packet made such a HUGE difference that I have to recommend it!
