Oma's Fabulous Matzo Ball Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/17110/omas-fabulous-matzo-ball-soup/
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Meanwhile, break matzo crackers into small pieces; place in a large bowl. Add tap water to cover; allow to soak until soft, a few minutes. Drain off excess water. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add drained matzo crackers; stir until dry and slightly brown. Remove from heat; stir in eggs, onion, parsley, salt, and pepper. Stir in just enough matzo meal until mixture holds together. Roll mixture into one 2-inch matzo ball; place in the boiling water to test consistency. The ball must rise to the top of the water and not break apart. If it doesn't rise, too much matzo meal was added; add another beaten egg to the mixture and test again. When desired consistency is reached, roll mixture into 2-inch balls. Bring chicken broth in a large saucepan to a lively simmer over medium heat. Carefully add matzo balls; simmer until balls are cooked through and rise to the top of the broth. Serve.
hi I'm writing from Israel, I'm Jewish, and I agree that NOTHING in the world beats a good bowl of chicken soup, especially when it's winter and/or you're not feeling well. HOWEVER, I must add a small remark: this recipe is NOT KOSHER.I don't keep kosher, but I should explain why: any mix of dairy with meat is forbidden for all religious Jews. since the matzo balls in this recipe are made with butter, they are dairy. if you want this recipe to be kosher, substitute the butter with butter-flavored shortening, just make sure it's kosher, and non-dairy. enjoy. Definitely recommend refrigerating matzo ball mixture for 30mins before forming the balls. It will help them stick together. Also I did half the onion in the balls and half sauted with carrot and celery for the base of the soup broth. Hope this helps! Good soup. Takes a few tries to get the matzo balls right though. I haven't made it yet. I'm looking for a similar recipe to my Oma's Ball Soup; we're not Jewish, but German & her soup was the best. as people back then didn't write down their recipes, I have to rely on the internet to find similar recipes. Thank you so much for sharing yours! I used thyme instead of parsley this year. It has a nice flavour. My daughter loves it. Waaaaay too much onion, and if you follow the directions, they come out uncooked. I would  use maybe a quarter of one onion instead of two while onions. Plus, the broth is thin and boring. Otherwise, it seems fine. Very Good! I always loved Matzo Ball Soup, but never made my own. I followed this recipe pretty much to the T, just with minor adjustments based on other reviews and my own tastes. Instead of soaking the matzo in water I used half water half chicken stock and just enough to moisten, so no need to drain. I added extra salt to the mix and 1 onion which I minced and then sautéed in the butter before adding the matzo. I suggest after you make your tester ball, taste it then you can add more seasoning if you want. I made it hearty by adding some Rotisserie chicken, carrots and celery to the stock and seasoned the stock with parsley, onion powder, salt and pepper to taste. Terrible....This was my first attempt at making this soup so I followed the recipe exactly - I should have studied other recipes before going with this one in the first place....The matzo balls weighed a ton and tasted disgusting.....It took me all day to prep and I ended up throwing the whole mess into the garbage..... I subbed vegetable oil for the butter and fork whipped the eggs before adding. Delicious! I will be making again and again. Lovely.  Make sure you make your own chicken broth from scratch, or buy the absolutely best quality prepared stock you can find, or it won't be worth the effort to make these.  My Jewish sister in law was suitably impressed, though I did warn her they were not kosher.
