Tacos in Pasta Shells
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/17122/tacos-in-pasta-shells/
Brown beef in a large skillet over medium heat until no longer pink; drain. Add cream cheese, salt, and chili powder; mix and simmer for 5 minutes. Meanwhile, bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add pasta and cook until al dente, 8 to 10 minutes; drain. Toss cooked shells in butter. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Fill shells with beef mixture and arrange in a 9x13-inch baking dish; pour taco sauce over shells. Cover with foil and bake in preheated oven for 15 minutes. Remove the dish from the oven and top with Cheddar cheese, Monterey Jack cheese, and then tortilla chips. Return the dish to the oven to cook for 15 minutes more. Top with sour cream and serve.
A wonderfully creative twist and addition to basic Mexican cuisine! This is one creative cook to think of using large pasta shells in a Mexican dish! My hat go off to you, Grannycancook! I did follow the advise that quite a few had in using taco seasoning in place of the chili powder and salt. I used an envelope to 1 lb ground turkey. Also added 1/2 tsp minced garlic and 1 can diced tomatoes with green chilis (Rotel brand). Instead of taco sauce I substituted red enchilada sauce (28 oz) pouring a thin layer on the bottom of the baking dish before filling with a layer of the stuffed pasta shells and pouring rest of sauce to cover the shells. Once they were baked I topped with chopped fresh cilantro, sliced black olives, sliced green onions and fresh diced tomatoes. For sides I served refried beans covered with enchilada sauce and melted Mexican blend cheese and Lime Cilantro Rice following recipe from this web site. Excellent, excellent meal! Very tasty. Used picante sauce instead of taco sauce and poured some at bottom of the dish before placing shells in as others suggested. Also used both taco seasoning and chili powder for more flavor. I like this recipe. Make a few extra shells in case some boil apart. The good thing is if you don't, you can just overfill the remaining shells. There's just 2 of us so having a full 18 wasn't an issue. I added a little extra chili powder and about a 1/2 tsp garlic powder. Also cooked the meat with onions and canned green chili's (medium). Lastly, I didn't have any regular monterey jack cheese so I grated pepper jack and used with a 3 cheese cheese cheddar mix (sharp, medium, white). I put a little sauce on the bottom of the pan to help to stop sticking as others mentioned and it worked well. I didnt use tortilla chips this time either. My bf thought it was a little salty, but also salted prior to tasting. I didn't add extra salt and I didn't think it was too salty. I found it rather yummy! I've made it before, just like the recipe states, and I found the little tweaks made it better. I used all vegan ingredients. I veganized it all. Sometimes I used shredded chicken Delicious and easy to make.  The photo does show sliced black olives, yet there is no mention of them in the recipe.  Assuming it is an extra garnish rather than being baked with the shells?? I liked the ingredients.  I told the family its Mexican with an Italian twist.Not so much.   disappointing.  My wife is Hispanic and I'm Italian.  I missed the boat on this.Thanks for Sharing These were phenomenal.  I used shredded chicken as the meat, and used 3 ounces of onion and chive cream cheese spread instead of regular cream cheese.  The result was creamy and flavorful.  We WILL be making these again. (Edit: This recipe hasn't QUITE replaced tacos in our house, but has come close. These are delicious and easily customized to each individual's taste. Very creative, as well.) Made this exactly as instructed. The meat mixture was good but we just didn’t like the shell combo. Tacos would have been better. This was delicious, after I made changes. Firstly, I live in Texas and I’ve never heard of Taco Sauce.  We dint have it in our stores. Instead of chili powder, I used a packet of taco seasoning with 3/4 water. This made a sauce. I also added about 1/3 cup enchilada sauce to the meat.
