Big Soft Ginger Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/17165/big-soft-ginger-cookies/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Set 2 tablespoons sugar in a small bowl; set aside. Sift together flour, ginger, baking soda, cinnamon, cloves, and salt in a bowl. Beat butter and remaining 1 cup sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Beat in egg, then stir in molasses and water. Gradually stir the sifted ingredients into the molasses mixture until well combined. Use floured hands to shape dough into 24 walnut-sized balls. Roll each ball in the reserved sugar until coated. Place cookies 2 inches apart onto ungreased cookie sheets, and flatten slightly with the bottom of a glass. Bake in the preheated oven for 8 to 10 minutes, switching racks halfway through. Remove from the oven and allow cookies to cool on the baking sheets for 5 minutes, then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.
One of the best cookies EVER. Made them for Xmas to bring to school. They sat untouched compared to all the extravagant other cookies, but I forced people to try them. The result: my friend held two cookies in each hand literally SHOVING them in his mouth because they all got eaten in five minutes; there was a mad rush to get them and needless to say I brought none back home. Only problem with the recipe I can see is that the dough is very sticky and hard to form in balls. My suggestion is to drop the dough directly into the sugar and then form the balls as the sugar coats the dough and allows you to roll it. Also, I used a tablespoon of orange juice instead of water to bring out the ginger flavor and it worked extremely well. I put the dough in the refrigerator so they aren't  as sticky to roll. Plus I skip rolling in sugar for my diabetic wife. I used one stick of butter and the rest crisco because many said they were flat. I also used two thirds of sugar instead of a cup. Added a little black pepper to the recipe.  They are ok if you're looking for gingerbread.  Definitely are on the soft moist side. I made this and substituted gluten free flour and vegan butter. I also rolled the dough smaller and they conveniently rolled around in the sugar so I didn't have to handle them as much. I cut back the sugar in the recipe by just a little, as others have recommended, particularly since there's also a sugar coating. The instructions say to flatten SLIGHTLY so I barely pressed on the cookies which I think is what keeps the cookies from spreading too much. The final product looked straight out of a factory, they looked so perfect. I can't wait for an excuse to make this recipe again, this time adding finely chopped candied ginger. I'll be making this recipe over and over again. Our guests loved them, and our gluten free friend greedily took all the leftovers home and apparently finished them in one day. I followed the directions and didn't stray.  I'm not an inexperienced baker but was disappointed with the outcome of these cookies.  They came out flat, with no real burst of flavor.  It just wasn't what I was looking for compared to the picture shown. Hands down this is my grandson’s favourite cookie. I make double batches every Christmas and they are the first to disappear. The dough is a little sticky to roll but if you use a light hand when rolling it works. I don’t like using floured hands , just  a personal preference. Great recipe! I usually use maple syrup instead of molasses and it’s great. They’re a little paler than i want but still delicious. As soon as I read through the ingredients and the reviews I decided to add a tablespoon of corn syrup for chewiness.  They turned out beautifully but, the next batch I make I will add another teaspoon of ginger as I am a gingerholic.  LOLI made them again adding the corn syrup.  I put less molasses in them and increased the ginger by one more teaspoon.  No need to flatten them at all as they spread out nicely on the cookie sheet and the tops of the cookies crack some and I find they look more authentic.  They are super soft and chewy the way I enjoy them.  I am sure when my son tries them he is going to be over-the-moon for them. Everyone at work loved it and I got asked for the recipe! I did use 5 tablespoons of brown sugar instead of molasses and water because I did not have molasses and not many do and they tasted just as great!
