Slow Cooker Chicken Stroganoff
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/17227/slow-cooker-chicken-stroganoff/
Put chicken, margarine, and dressing mix in a slow cooker; mix together and cook on Low for 5 to 6 hours. Add condensed soup and cream cheese. Mix together and cook on High until heated through and warm, about 30 minutes.
This turned out to be a great recipe -- whole family enjoyed it. I, like many other reviewers, was a bit skeptical of combining the chicken w/nothing more than 1/8 c margerine and the dry salad dressing mix, but figured there must be a reason or Judi would not have submitted it this way, so I resisted the urge to add the canned soup in the beginning. I did add a splash of red wine that I had on hand, but other than that, there was very little liquid. Also used Good Seasons Mild Italian dressing mix, since my kids don't like highly spiced food. I turned the crockpot on low and cooked for about 7+ hours, and of course the house smelled incredible. The chicken chunks were golden brown and had a roasted taste and appearance, something that wouldn't have occurred had I added the soup at the beginning. I then added a can of reduced fat cream of chick soup and a brick of red. fat cream cheese. Plopped the brick in whole, covered, then stirred after it had softened. Turned out so delicious, and in no way reduced fat tasting! My 6-year old daughter ate so many "appetizer bites" out of the pot, she was full by dinner time! Very creamy and rich tasting, and the dressing mix provides just the right amount of seasoning. We served over noodles -- delicious! Very easy, tasty recipe -- and seems "fancy" enough for company. Putting this in my Favorites folder. I followed the recipe with one exception.  I did not have margarine so used butter instead.  I do not think it impacted the final result.  Served over egg noodles, my family enjoyed his meal.  I thought it was a little on the blander side, I didn't see where people were saying it was too salty.  We did not experience that at all. Will most likely make this again in the future. I added fresh mushrooms. I'm not a fan of chicken.  But, we were looking for something different and this looked good and easy.   I used chicken tenders cut up into cubes.  My family loved it.  We will make this again. Family loved it Bad !!! I made 1/2 the amount and threw most of it out. Only change I made was adding some mushrooms No changes, and put on noodles.  This is a very easy recipe and quite wonderful for us about teethless people.THANK YOU
