Easy and Simple Korean BBQ Ribs
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/172476/easy-and-simple-korean-bbq-ribs/
Whisk together the soy sauce and sugar in a bowl until the sugar has dissolved, and stir in the black pepper, garlic, green onions, sesame oil, and sesame seeds. Place the ribs in a large bowl, and pour the marinade over the ribs. Stir to coat the ribs with the marinade, and refrigerate for 1 hour. Stir the ribs and marinade again, and refrigerate for 1 more hour. Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat, and lightly oil the grate. Remove the ribs from the marinade, discard the marinade, and grill the ribs until brown and no longer pink in the center, about 5 minutes per side. Have a spray bottle of water handy in case the ribs flare up.
These were awesome, but I have to say my addition made all the difference. I added a couple of scoops of plum sauce in my measuring cup and added the soy sauce over it to equal a cup. By doing this it made the marinade thicker and gave it just the right sweet and savory taste Korean ribs need. Sorry no exact measuring and I can't remember if I added sugar too. I also emitted the sesame oil and seeds just out of preference. Black pepper, garlic, onions are a must and I marinaded it for 5 hours. Will use it over and over and over because to buy this at our local restaurant is way more expensive than doing it yourself! Enjoy :) delicious I could make it better than its was but it was hella good This has become a family favorite. When I can't find the ribs I use thin Milanese cut beef and it works too . i topped them off with plum sauce EXQUISITE!  I have never made Flanken ribs before and found some on sale and was curious. I looked through at least 25 recipes but they all said marinate for 4-12 hours! No time to do that.  I saw yours...easy and quick. I ended up marinating them for about 2 hours.  Any more like the other recipes called for would have made the flavor too strong for me. If you don't love the taste fat gives to meat this won't be for you...but I LOVE it! I grilled it to a perfect medium rare on my tiny grill. It was like eating a tender ribeye steak. :)  It was amazing and I will make it again! Thanks for this great recipe.  PS--I have never given feedback on any recipe, but yours deserves it!!! LOVED THEM! BF always uses BBQ sauce and said these ribs didn't need it. I added a large dollop of plum sauce to the marinade. Loved this, used 3 tsp plum sauce w/soy sauce and only @ 3/4 cup sugar. OIL YOUR GRILL LIBERALLY! The sugar does a number at high heat on the grill. I keep one side hot, one cool. Sear hot side, cook covered on the cool side. Wow! I marinate this for at least 24 hours to impart these wonderful flavors! Really easy and really good. I did make some adjustments. I did not have sesame seeds so I did not use them. I added season salt, onion powder, black pepper, and red wine vinegar to the marinade. I also used the marinade once removing the ribs. I simmered it down with some chopped celery, bay leaves and minced onions and used it to drizzle on top of the finished grilled ribs. Once I drizzled the sauce, I put them in the oven covered on 350 to bake for 30 minutes and they came out very tender and full of flavor. This is a keeper. Yum.
