Chinese Pepper Steak
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/172704/chinese-pepper-steak/
Slice steak into 1/2-inch thick slices across the grain. otdash Meredith Food Studio Whisk together soy sauce, sugar, cornstarch, and ginger in a bowl until the sugar has dissolved and the mixture is smooth. Place steak slices into the marinade, and stir until well-coated. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a wok or large skillet over medium-high heat, and cook steak strips in batches in hot oil so as not to crowd the pan. Cook and stir until well-browned, about 3 minutes, and remove steak from the wok to a bowl. Repeat with remaining steak, adding more oil as needed, and set the cooked meat aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Return cooked steak strips to the hot wok, and stir in onion. Toss steak and onion together until onion begins to soften, about 2 minutes, then stir in green pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook and stir the mixture until peppers have turned bright green and started to become tender, about 2 minutes more, then add tomatoes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir everything together to mix and blend flavors, and serve. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
This is great the way it is. I wish people would review the recipe not add there own sweet and sour version of it. Add a new recipe with your sweet and sour version. I think it inappropriate to add in the comments.Thanks for your original recipe Mrs Wilson. I used fresh ginger and It was flavorful. Lived every bit of it.   So yummy I never had pepper steak w tomatoes so i did not put them in this time.. I used carrots instead. But the flavors were amazingly delicious the Ginger is what made it pop.I was worried about the amount of soy sauce but because your not adding salt it was okThank you Allrecipes!! I added some garlic because, you know, garlic! I I used home canned tomatoes because fresh tomatoes are out of season. Otherwise followed directions. It was great! And easy. My husband had 2 helpings. There rarely happens. I made fried rice with it. Will make again. I've tried other beef recipes and the beef  would either  become toughor powdery from allowing the meat to  boil instead ofstir frying it. I also like the order in which ingredients   were added and all blended together. This recipe is a keeper. I made this using a London broil cut of beef, tenderized it and then marinated it. The meat was very tender and the dish was very flavorful. Easy quick dinner!! It was a little bland. Needs some more seasoning to kick the flavor up some. Don't cook much Asian food so not sure what would do the trick.
