No-Noodle Zucchini Lasagna
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/172958/no-noodle-zucchini-lasagna/
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease a deep 9x13-inch baking pan. Slice zucchini lengthwise into very thin slices. Sprinkle slices lightly with salt; set aside to drain in a colander. otdash Meredith Food Studio To prepare the meat sauce, cook ground beef and black pepper in a large skillet over medium-high heat, stirring, for 5 minutes. Add green pepper and onion; cook and stir until meat is no longer pink. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in tomato sauce, tomato paste, wine, basil, and oregano; add a small amount of hot water if sauce is too thick. Bring to a boil; reduce heat and simmer sauce for about 20 minutes, stirring frequently. otdash Meredith Food Studio Meanwhile, stir ricotta, egg, and parsley together in a bowl until well combined. otdash Meredith Food Studio To assemble lasagna, spread 1/2 of the meat sauce over the bottom of the prepared pan. Layer with 1/2 of the zucchini slices, 1/2 of the ricotta mixture, all of the spinach, followed by all of the mushrooms, then 1/2 of the mozzarella cheese. Repeat by layering in the remaining meat sauce, zucchini slices, ricotta mixture, and mozzarella. otdash Meredith Food Studio Spread parmesan evenly over the top; cover with foil. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven for 45 minutes. Remove foil; raise oven temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake an additional 15 minutes. Let lasagna stand 5 minutes before serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
This recipe was very tasty. You can substitute your own spaghetti sauce, make sure it's extra thick though because once cooked, the veggies give a lot of juice. The best solution is to serve the dish with a good bread to sop up the juice! Great dish for large group, or for reheating during the week in a busy household. It gets better every meal because the flavors continue to meld. Just serve it with a different side each night like green beans, salad. Excellent dish! I made this for dinner tonight. I used my own meat sauce which was very thick. I not only drained the salted zucchini in a strainer but then laid them on paper towels and blotted to get out extra moisture. I used fresh spinich which I steamed and wrung dry in a towel. The finished dish was very tasty but it came out as soup! We had to eat it with a spoon! Not sure what I did wrong. This has been my go to recipe for lasagna for the past 6years. If I tell my husband I’m making lasagna, he enthusiastically looks forward to this vs a pasta based one. We have loads of friends kids who are picky eaters and yet ask for seconds of this, even with all the veggies.Tips that make the flavours better and the work less:-DONT “sweat” the zucchini!! Throw a handful or two of white rice or red lentils into the bottom of the pan. They’ll absorb the excess moisture and it saves a TON of time.-Use a mandolin to get perfectly even and super easy zucchini slices-use Italian sausage (pork or turkey) instead of ground beef-sauté the mushrooms to get out the extra moisture-thaw the spinach and squeeze out the extra liquid.I can’t count how many times I’ve given out this recipe, with these amendments. It’s a go to in our household. Used sausage instead of beef. Doubled the mozzarella, used Trader Joe's vodka sauce. Used Beyond bouillon and left out the wine. Our entire family loved this, especially our gluten-free people. I don't have a mandoline so used my food processor for slicing zucchini rounds. I laid them side by side tightly after I "sweat" them. It worked well. I used a jar of good marinara sauce and still included the tomato paste. I'll make this again! It was really good! Definitely doesn’t taste like “too much veggies,” and the zucchini mimics pasta really well. I added less spinach and mushrooms, added more seasonings (black pepper, garlic salt, Italian seasoning), used dried parsley and oregano instead of fresh, removed the foil about 15 minutes earlier (to help remove more water), and I paired the dish with homemade garlic knots. If you make this, use a peeler for the zucchini slices (using a knife was very tedious). However, the dish took a pretty long time to make, and I’m not sure if I’d make it again unless it’s for a big party. This was delicious! I did use Italian sausage and hamburger and doubled the meat (I put half aside) also I used Ragu sauce in place of the tomato sauce and paste 😊 Family loved it, I made sure I peeled and cut zucchini early and salted and wrung dry with paper towels and made sauce extra thick because veggies do add a lot of water    We liked it better than with noodles, will make again
