Traditional Gyro Meat
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/173420/traditional-gyro-meat/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pulse onion in a food processor until finely chopped, about 5 (1-second) pulses. Scoop onions onto the center of a towel, gather up the towel ends, and squeeze to remove liquid. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine onions, lamb, beef, garlic, oregano, cumin, marjoram, rosemary, thyme, pepper, and salt in a large bowl. Mix with your hands until well combined. Cover and refrigerate 1 to 2 hours to allow the flavors to blend. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Evenly coat a 9x5-inch loaf pan with cooking spray. otdash Meredith Food Studio Working in 2 batches if necessary, place meat mixture into a food processor and pulse until finely chopped and the texture feels tacky, about 1 minute. otdash Meredith Food Studio Transfer mixture into prepared loaf pan, and pack down to make sure there are no air pockets. Line a medium roasting pan with a damp kitchen towel. Place the loaf pan in the center of the towel-lined roasting pan, and transfer it into the preheated oven. Carefully pour boiling water into the roasting pan until it comes halfway up the sides of the loaf pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until gyro meat is no longer pink in the center, about 1 hour to 1 hour 25 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour off any accumulated fat, and allow to cool slightly before slicing thinly and serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
I had a craving for gryos last week but have never attempted to make them at home. This recipe is really easy and very good. They tasted very similar to gyros I have had at greek restaurants. The prep is a little timely and I actually didn't have the time to let the meat sit in the refrigerator before putting it in the oven and I was impressed at the flavor the meat had. The only thing I did different is I added 1/2 tsp. allspice per another recipe and did not use thyme. Another recipe called for 1/2 tsp coriander but I didn't have it and will probably add that next time. My picky husband loved the meat and actually ate it leftover and he NEVER eats leftovers. I will definitely make this again. Thanks! This is very good.  As good or better than I have had at some Greek restaurants.  You need a good food processor though to get that pastiness.  That texture is very important for gyros. What is the weight of each serving? I use this recipe, but I use 1 1/2 teaspoon of all of the spices and a touch more salt. I also make it the day before I bake it, and I cover it, put it in the refrigerator to let the spices blend together. I also only use lamb, but that’s just my preference. It is a very good tasting recipe. Takes a while, but tastes very authentic and like what you get at a restaurant! Followed the recipe as best as I could. Only thing it didn't have was a temperature setting for cooking, I went with 375 for an hour and a half came out perfect. Thanks! I must say I thought I could never make gyro meat from home until I ran into this recipe. At first I was hesitant because I never used the ingredient marjoram. I was unfamiliar with it until I Google as it belongs to the mint family. The recipe is very easy. I bought all the ingredients it required and followed the recipe to the "T". I had fun making this recipe. I also questioned the purpose of the towel and what I come up with is for moisture (maybe?). Now I understand when it said to leave recipe for two hours in the fridge. That is when all the ingredients blends in for more flavor. The meat and ingredients are very aromatic. Would I do this receipe again? YES. Overall highly recommend. I've not made this recipe but I've got meat thawing now so I can make it for dinner tonight.  I've very excited as all the reviews are so positive. I've got a question though, what's the purpose of the towel in the roasting pan?OK, now I've made it and I'm thrilled. So good and really pretty easy. I am still curious about the towel and the reason for cooking the meat in a "water bath"? Techniques I've never seen before.
