Butterkuchen
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/17402/butterkuchen/
Butter a 9x13 inch pan and set aside. In a small mixing bowl, dissolve yeast in warm water. Let stand until creamy, about 10 minutes. Place milk, 1/2 cup sugar, salt and 1/2 cup butter in saucepan. Heat until sugar dissolves and butter melts. Cool to lukewarm. Add dissolved yeast and set aside. In large bowl combine flour, eggs and yeast mixture. Stir until smooth and blended. Pour into a buttered 9x13 inch pan, spreading dough evenly. Let rise in warm place for 45 minutes. Meanwhile, preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). In a small bowl, combine 1/2 cup butter, 1 cup sugar and 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon. mix together and sprinkle over the dough. Bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes, or until the top is golden and syrupy.
I have been making Butter Kuchen for many years, my german grandmother (nana) used to make it, the only difference between this and the Butter Kuchen I make is, I let it rise in a bowl covered with plastic wrap, then roll it out onto a big greased cookie sheet,cover,(let it rise again), put indentations in the top every 2 inches, then put butter in them, and then sprinkle with the whole top of the Butter Kuchen with sugar, & bake it at 350 deg. Butter Kuchen is absolutely fantastic !!! I thought this turned out rather well. I used rapid rise yeast in place of active dry; so I proofed it slightly differently. I heated the water and milk together, along with a pinch of sugar, and mixed the yeast into that. While it was proofing, I added the flour, sugar, and salt to a mixing bowl, and made a well in the center. I poured the melted butter, eggs, and yeast mixture into that well, then stirred to combine. I let the dough rest for 10 minutes before pouring into the buttered 9x13 pan. And instead of mixing the butter/sugar/cinnamon together for the topping, I cubed the butter, then dimpled the bread and placed a butter cube into each dimple. Then sprinkled the cinnamon-sugar mixture over the top of everything (I only used 1/2 cup sugar with 1/2 tsp cinnamon). I let that rise for 1 hr, then baked it for 30 minutes at 350 degrees F. It came out great; moist, tender, flavorful. But you must eat this bread/cake while it's still warm! The flavor and texture are no where near as good when it's cooled; so serve warm, and be sure to reheat any leftovers before eating. Thank you for sharing your recipe! Very good.  I did take some of the other reviewers suggestions, particularly the one about letting the hot milk mixture cool before letting your yeast proof in the warm water.  A half size recipe fit nicely in a 7" x 10" pan.  Bake for only 15-20 minutes. Terrific! I did as someone recommended and pressed holes every two inches before pouring on the topping which spread the butter/sugar mixture into every bite.  I'm thinking pecans or apples might be great additions. I also halved the recipe and it fit very well into my 8" Zakarian skillet and made a pretty presentation. One of my favorite cakes to bake! Time consuming, but not at all difficult. Plus, it’ll make your oven and kitchen smell yummy!! as a child my mother would go to the German bakery on the avenue. she always loved butter cake. when she came home I could care less about it; rather choosing to eat the choc. cake. After making this cake my taste buds obviously have changed and now I know why mom was crazy about it. I wish she were alive to eat this;  not only tastes outrageous but conjures up good old memories. thank you. cooked as directed No changes- family loves it! This recipe has potential but is poorly written in the order of preparation. If you dissolve the yeast and let it sit for 10 minutes, and prepare the saucepan ingredients, which take 20-30 minutes to cool enough not to kill the yeast, then the yeast mixture will be sitting for 30-40 minutes, not 10.The pan is way too small for this recipe, as it bubbles over and starts smoking from all the sugar in the recipe. The oven temperature is also too high, as my bread was done in 20 minutes, but the topping would not get syrupy, as I had to remove it because of the smoking oven.In spite of all this, it was delicious!! Light, fluffy, buttery type breakfast roll with a touch of cinnamon. The changes I would make: Heat the milk and sugar mixture first, then dissolve the yeast when milk is 125 degrees, 350 oven, larger pan, much more cinnamon, some vanilla in the dough. I would make it again, as it is that good! I didn't care for this recipe. I followed it exactly and it did not taste like any butter cake I have ever had and it was flavorless. Needs vanilla maybe? I made this on 2/22/16 to bring to World Thinking Day for my daughter's girl scout troop.  They were encouraged to bring food from other countries and we decided on this since we're of German ancestry.  It got many compliments from the girls and adults alike!
