Super Easy Stir-Fried Cabbage
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/174210/super-easy-stir-fried-cabbage/
Heat vegetable oil in a wok or large skillet over medium heat. Stir in garlic and cook until it begins to brown, 3 to 5 seconds. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in cabbage until coated in oil; cover the wok and cook for 1 minute. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour in soy sauce; cook and stir for another minute. Increase heat to high and stir in Chinese cooking wine. Cook and stir until cabbage is tender, about 2 minutes more. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
Okay, I was a little wierded out by the thought of eating straight cabbage, but this dish is amazing! I also tried it with apple cider vinegar in place of the wine, and it's great either way. I've been making this for years, I also put in little smoke sausages cut up to bite size pieces as well.  It just gives you that extra juiciness and flavor that your looking for. I actually used this recipe as an addition to a stir fry I had already planned - because I hadn’t cooked/sautéed cabbage before & I was simply looking for some basic instructions…it was so simplistic and DELICIOUS!! THIS became the base of my stir fry!! Absolutely LOVE this for simple prep, Asian flavor and healthy ingredients (cabbage, garlic). As someone else mentioned, great for a low carb diet. I use this cabbage to replace half - or all! - of the rice I’d normally eat alongside a more complex meat/vegetable dish. Also delicious on its own! (Of course the Shaoxing & soy sauce add a little carb.)I used mirin in place of Shaoxing only because it was on hand. Turned out great. Shaoxing, though, will give you much richer flavor (maybe some of the commenters here didn’t have any or forgot to use a decent substitute). I’ll definitely be grabbing some Shaoxing next trip to the Asian grocery. Beautiful simple recipe. I love wombok cabbage especially. Served with tempeh sautéed in sesame oil and brown rice. Topped with sriracha sauce for extra kick! Yum! This turned out amazing! I did make changes like garlic powder and white wine vinegar since I did not have the correct ingredients. But is was good anyway. Perfect for my lower carb diet meal with some added chicken. We enjoy stir-fried/sauteed cabbage, but we thought the seasoning on this was weak.  I didn’t have any Chinese cooking wine, so I sub’d dry sherry which worked out fine.  I ended up doubling the soy sauce and sherry, and added  some sliced bell pepper for a pop of color.  Turned out pretty well, served with grilled, marinated flank steak.. Yum! I made half of a medium sized cabbage and used sherry instead of the Chinese cooking wine. Super quick and easy! I don’t know why it’s taken me so long to utilize cabbage! It’s cheap and tasty. Would definitely make for Asian dishes. Super easy and delicious! I added a little bit of Spicy Olive Cayenne Oil for a kick!
