Italian Easter Grain Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/17432/easter-grain-pie/
Bring water to a boil in a large saucepan over medium low heat; pour in wheat and boil for 40 minutes. Meanwhile, beat eggs in a large bowl with an electric mixer while gradually adding in 1 cup sugar. Mix in ricotta, candied fruit, orange zest, lemon zest, vanilla extract, and cinnamon. When wheat is ready, drain in a colander and rinse with warm water. Place 3/4 cup of cooked wheat in a small bowl; stir in butter and salt until butter is melted, then stir wheat mixture into ricotta mixture along with remaining cooked wheat berries. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Line two 9-inch pie pans with pastry. Cut remaining pastry into 1/2-inch wide strips for tops of pies. Spoon 1/2 of the filling into each pan; cover with pastry strips to form a lattice pattern. Crimp edges. Bake in the preheated oven until crust is golden brown, about 45 minutes. Sprinkle each pie with 1 tablespoon sugar and allow to cool at room temperature. Chill overnight before serving.
My sister and I thought we lost my grandmother's recipe when she died only to find it here. I did not add the candied fruit and baked it in a larger spring form pan for 1 hr. It was perfect! So glad this recipe makes 2 pies because the first one went in minutes! I added the fruit (Candied Orange  & green cherries) This recipe is DELISH! This is the bests My mother in law made grain pie every Easter and I found this to be just like hers.  The only change I made to this recipe was she  would soak the wheat in cold water in the fridge overnight.  I drained the soaking water and used fresh to cook it.  I did this and it made the wheat softer I doubled the recipe and it was enough to fill 4 deep dish pies crusts. I omitted the fruit and used a tablespoon of orange extract. This is closest recipe I found to my grandmothers. It's perfect! I made this exactly the way it said .It was exactly like  I remember when I was young No changes need to be made just cook the wheat berries a bit longer....this was excellent..... Just the recipe I was looking for!  Perfect Italian Easter pie! I'm glad this recipe came with instructions on how to prepare the wheat berries.  Coming from NY, the wheat was readily available in the Italian deli's, fully prepared and ready to add to the pie.  Not so in the Midwest.  However, I would definitely cook the wheat berries longer than called for as they were a little too chewy.  Great otherwise! Love this recipe, this was a family tradition every Easter. Pattie, i think you're talking about a different pie that is not a dessert pie, the pie you're thinking of is more like a quiche pie and it is also delicious, my family always made the Easter bread with the colored Easter egg in the middle or braided with the eggs in between.
