Slow Cooker Butter Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/174543/slow-cooker-butter-chicken/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat butter and vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Stir in chicken, onion, and garlic. Cook and stir until onion has softened and turned translucent, about 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in tomato paste, curry paste, curry powder, tandoori masala, and garam masala until no lumps of tomato paste remain. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour mixture into a slow cooker; stir in cardamom pods, coconut milk, and yogurt. Season with salt. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook on High for 4 to 6 hours or Low for 6 to 8 hours, or until chicken is tender and sauce has reduced to the desired consistency. Remove and discard cardamom pods before serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio
FINALLY! I love Indian food and I have tried for YEARS to perfect a butter chicken recipe, only with something a little off, every single time. This one is right on the money! I found all the spices at Whole Foods. I truly believe that the quality of spices is part of what makes the dish. Curry paste can be hard to find but you can find the Red Curry Paste Thai Kitchen Brand in the ethnic food aisle of any super market. I used non fat plain yogurt and low fat coconut milk. It still had a hearty texture to it, but with less fat and calories! I mixed the spices separately together in a small cup before I spread it over the chicken, this allowed the flavors to blend. I am definitely adding this to my weekly menu! This was fantastic. I used two teaspoons of salt and I think it's just right. I used a loose tea infuser thing to contain the cardamom pods. Made sure to stir that around as it cooked.I added about double the amt of masala spices. A couple big pinches of ground ginger and garlic powder.  I tossed in a handful of fenugreek leaves when it was almost done.I would recommend making the tandoori from scratch. I used the first recipe I saw on google for it. You can really customize the flavors and use up spices you probably have laying around anyway.I cooked it for maybe 6 hours. The tip in these comments saying to take the lid off in the last two hours to reduce the sauce should be heeded. Perfect consistency! I agree that it needed help.  It's a good base recipe but needs about 3x the amount of curry paste, and ginger.  We added about 1/4 cup peanut butter, and that helped as well.  we like the coconut milk and yogurt rather than the heavy cream in other recipes, so we will keep this as a base recipe and add to it. So easy family loved it really tasty Followed this recipe exactly. My husband proclaimed that it was better than anything we’ve ordered at our favorite Indian restaurant. It was good, but not great. I'd make it again. As another reviewer noted, if you add 1 1/2 t of paprika, 1 1/2 t cinnamon, and 1/2 - 1 t of cayenne, it enriches the flavor. I also added some ground cumin. That all gave it more character. I'm not familiar with the taste of butter chicken, but this was a good dish. Made this minus the curry paste and cardamom pods (didn't have those things.)  Completed dish was tasty enough though the flavor was mild probably because of the missing ingredients.   Will try it again.EDIT - Make this a 2nd time substituting the can of tomato paste with a can of Red Curry Paste.  Also, deleted the cardamom pods and curry powder.  5 hours in the slow cooker, finished it off with some Brunoised carrots and basil leaves.  Was quite delicious. Added more paste but man o man, stunning recipe
