Double Decker Tacos
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/174658/double-decker-tacos/
Place the ground beef in a skillet over medium heat, and sprinkle about 3/4 of the packet of taco seasoning over the meat. Cook and stir the ground beef, breaking it up as it cooks, until the beef is browned and crumbly, 10 to 15 minutes. Drain the excess grease. Mash the refried beans with the water in a small saucepan, and sprinkle with the rest of the seasoning packet. Heat the refried beans over low heat until simmering. Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Place the crisp taco shells on a baking sheet, and warm them in the preheated oven for 3 to 5 minutes. To make the guacamole, peel, seed, and mash the avocados in a bowl with 1 tablespoon of sour cream, the lime juice, and salt and pepper to taste, and set aside. To build the tacos, spread each flour tortilla with about 2 tablespoons of heated refried beans. Wrap the tortilla gently around a crisp tortilla shell. Spread about 2 tablespoons of ground beef along the bottom of the crisp shell, and sprinkle about 2 tablespoons of shredded Cheddar cheese on top of the meat. Top the cheese with shredded lettuce, a sprinkle of chopped tomato and onion, and a dollop of sour cream and guacamole.
I spread the refried beans on the soft shell and then put in in the microwave for about 15-20 seconds to soften up the shell without drying it out too much before surrounding the hard shell. I like mine with queso, lettuce, tomato, and sour cream. My hubby likes lettuce, tomato, shredded sharp cheddar cheese, sour cream, and taco sauce on his. Also, as it indicates in the ingredients list by specifying a size, it is quite important that you use the right size soft shells that fit the size of the hard shells so you don't have too much or too little outside coverage. Great recipe! Don't put hard taco into soft wrapped bean taco until ready to eat. Otherwise,  hard taco gets soft. So basically tacos…lol nothing special Been making tacos this way for years. Fantastic way to keep all the toppings from falling out of the crispy shell  after the first bite. Enjoyed the crunch of the hard shell inside the soft shell.  It kept all of the crumbles contained.  We will do this again. The family enjoyed the tacos/ I did not use the hard and soft. I just used 8 gram carb. tortillas. Prepare right away- the hard taco gets soft really quickly! These were awesome!! my family loved them. It was delicious and easy to do!!! Highly recommend everyone to try it :) This is a great taco recipe.  I would never have thought to adding the soft shell that is spread with refried beans around the hard shell.  This was a huge hit in this home!
