Apple Cider Floats
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/174738/apple-cider-floats/
Place two scoops of ice cream into each glass. Pour 1 cup of apple cider into each glass, and serve.
Okay. So, I've tried this with three different types of ice cream. Plain vanilla, apple pie, and cinnamon. All three were excellent. Not only do I love these, but my whole family does as well. (BTW, I've been able to find quarts of apple pie ice cream right now as a limited edition flavor at my local Fred Meyer. Those in the Southern states would know that chain as Kroger.) WTG, stylistmama! You made my week. These are going to be a regular rotation during the fall months. I owe you one! TIP: If you want the fizz in your float but don't want to dilute the apple flavor of your cider, use sparkling apple cider! I LOVE this! my parents have been making this a long time, it's one of my favorite parts of fall! we do as all the instructions say, but we have always added Carmel sauce on top! I completely recommend This was fantastic.  A simple idea that is a breeze to pop together for a wonderful treat.  Taste is like apple pie in a mug.  Thanks for a great recipe. It's like drinking apple pie with ice cream. It's awesome! Yum! Just had this for dessert on a wonderful fall evening. It was only okay.  It sounds like it would be absolutely fabulous, but it tastes like apple cider with ice cream.  I mean, you can't really go wrong - but it isn't anything to scream home about.  It probably depends on the type of cider you use... One thing you can't ever top is a good old fashioned Root Beer Float... But, I really wanted to try this.  Turns out this is, sadly, only "meh" - Even with Ginger Ale in it.  And, this is coming from someone who generally can't get enough cider. We tried this recipe because we love apple pie with vanilla ice cream and thought it would be fabulous.  But, no one liked it.  Sorry. Wow, was this tasty!  And could not be any simpler.  A refreshing treat for my kids I'll definitely make again.
