Original Nestle Toll House Chocolate Chip Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/174864/original-nestle-toll-house-chocolate-chip-cookies/
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Combine flour, baking soda and salt in small bowl. Beat butter, white sugar, brown sugar and vanilla in a large mixing bowl until creamy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Gradually beat in flour mixture. Stir in chocolate morsels and nuts. Drop by rounded tablespoon onto ungreased baking sheets. Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, 9 to 11 minutes, switching racks halfway through. Cool on the baking sheets for 2 minutes, then transfer to wire racks to cool completely.
HELPFUL TIPS THAT WORK FOR ME: These never go wrong, but I find cookie recipes turn out different as far as thickness by the ingredients and temperatures you use them at. They turn out SO MUCH BETTER when you use eggs AND butter that are at room temperature. I always increase the vanilla, and you'll notice almost all other chocolate chip recipes on here have more as well because it tastes better! :) I also blend half chocolate chip&half semisweet chocolate chips. Makes a huge difference in the blend of flavors! MY SECRET: Add 1/8-1/4C andes mint chips in place of some of the cc, and everyone will beg for more!! Always hand mix recipes like this! No mixers or your cookie will be flat! My husband likes to microwave the cookies a tad & then of course eat w/a glass of milk. Now my son copies him. :) Though this is the recipe I've turned to for years, when I tried "Best Big, Fat, Chewy Chocolate Chip Cookie" on here & followed the advice of some reviews ...I switched. They found the secret to the biggest, chewiest cookie with the right mixture of sweetness! First time making it, so I didn't make any changes. Next time though I might, and if I do Ill definitely tell you guys!!! I make every 3 weeks!!!! My favorite recipe base to build on. Why mess with success, I imagine this recipe has been around longer then most so I’ll stick with proven results and taste.
