Slow Cooker Buffalo Chicken Sandwiches
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/176132/slow-cooker-buffalo-chicken-sandwiches/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place chicken breasts into the slow cooker; pour in 3/4 of the wing sauce and ranch dressing mix. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cover and cook on Low for 6 to 7 hours. Shred chicken in the cooker with two forks. Stir in butter. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pile shredded chicken and sauce onto hoagie rolls. Serve with remaining Buffalo sauce. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
Okay, let me say that I don't think just giving this 5 stars will express how much my fiance loved these sandwiches. Direct quotes from him: "This is the best thing to ever come out of a crockpot in the history of cooking", "I would eat my way out of a bathtub of this". LOL! Seriously, if we weren't already engaged, this stuff would have made him propose on the spot. :) The only change I made was to shred the chicken after 5 hours and then put it back into the crockpot to let it soak up all the sauce for another 2 hours. I served the meat on toasted Kaiser rolls with melted pepperjack cheese. Thank you very much, needless to say this will be a VERY regularly made recipe in our house! :) in general it is good just not excellent Turned out great. Served on toasted hoagie buns topped with blue cheese and pickles, put under the broiler for a couple min to soften/slightly brown the blue cheese. Didn’t use quite the whole bottle of Franks. Leftovers were a little salty the next day so good thing I didn’t. Either way, a super easy and fun sandwich for weeknight meals or potlucks! Thanks Divinesolace21! great This is a fool-proof recipe that's easy, delicious, and an economical way to feed a crowd.  I've made it twice now with great results.  The second time I made it I was cooking for a party so I doubled it with no issues other than having to pour off some of the sauce before serving; using only one bottle of sauce would have been fine.  Anyway, I like to dress up these sandwiches with pickle slices and blue cheese crumbles.  The chicken mixture is also great on top of nachos. This had a great flavor, but the best part is so few ingredients and a ready-to-serve meal with very little effort. These were just ok for us.  Thanks for sharing. Did not turn out great at all. Tried several times, then cooked on stove and it worked. This is awesome!! 😂😁😀good
