Basic Ham and Bean Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/17628/basic-ham-and-bean-soup/
Place water and beans in a large pot; bring to a boil over high heat. Stir in salt and remove the pot from heat; cover, and let stand for 1 hour. Add carrots, onion, celery, garlic, mustard, and bay leaves to the pot with beans; stir well. Add ham hock and bring to a boil; reduce heat to low and simmer for 1 hour. Remove ham hock and discard. Stir in chopped ham and simmer for 30 minutes. Season with ground white pepper to taste.
Mmm ... good. My husband made this for dinner tonight, changing only the quantity of water. (He used less 'cause he doesn't like soupy beans.) Oh, and he didn't know we had ham, so he only used the ham hocks. Still, this was deee-lish. I actually had seconds, which I hardly ever do. Oh, and you have to cook them longer than 2 1/2 hours. Just test them every half hour or so after that, and throw the ham in when they're about done. BTW, if you cook dried beans to death and they are still gritty or mealy, it's because they're too old; even dried beans don't last forever. They have a moisture content that lessens with age. No recipe can make old beans taste good. To thicken mash one can of white beans including  the juice in can. Easy way to thicken if you enjoy a chunkier soup. Followed it to a T. It was delicious!! I may try it next time without the ham hock/bone. Just some diced ham. I used canned beans. I chopped potatoes, onions, celery and carrots.  I didn't have ham bone so I fried vegetables in bacon grease and I had plenty ham and used chicken boulon.   Delicious , we love ham and bean soup.  Thank you for your recipe. Made it and shared with friends and neighbors. Received "delicious" reviews and made another batch! I really like ham and bean soup. I was pleased how this turned out. I used a 44 oz. can of great northern beans, undrained; and only enough water to cover the ham hock. Garlic powder instead of fresh and black pepper instead of white.I'm very happy. This one is saved 😉👍 Did you actually say discard the ham hock?? That is total blasphemy against beans and ham hocks!! lol....I love this recipe and I've made it I don't know how many times. But do you self a favor, just chop up the ham hock, or just eat it yourself. It is wonderful and it wasn't difficult getting the recipe right away. So many other sites make it hard to get to the recipe.
