Dol Sot Bi Bim Bap
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/176283/dol-sot-bi-bim-bap/
Combine soy sauce, sugars, garlic, green onions, and sesame seeds in a large bowl; add sliced beef strips to marinade and season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours. Bring rice and water to a boil in a saucepan over high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low and cover; simmer until rice is tender and liquid has been absorbed, 20 to 25 minutes. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Place 6 Korean stone bowls in the oven. Combine shiitake mushrooms and 1/2 cup hot water in a small bowl; soak until pliable, about 10 minutes. Trim off and discard stems. Thinly slice caps and set aside. Bring a saucepan of water to a boil. Add spinach to water just long enough to wilt leaves, then drain and pat dry. Set aside. Combine cucumber and carrots in a bowl; season with salt and pepper. Set aside. Preheat a wok over medium-high heat. Cook and stir carrots and cucumbers in a small amount of sesame oil in the wok until softened. Remove from the wok and set aside. Add a small amount of sesame oil to the wok; cook and stir spinach in sesame oil for 1 to 2 minutes. Remove spinach from the wok and set aside. Add meat strips and marinade to the wok; cook, stirring frequently, until liquid reduces in volume, about 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer the stone bowls from the oven to a suitable heat-resistant surface. Brush each bowl with sesame oil to coat. Divide rice into the bowls and gently pack to the bottom (the rice should sizzle as you arrange). Arrange cucumbers, carrots, bean sprouts, spinach, shiitake mushrooms, and beef mixture over each portion of rice. Add one fried egg to each bowl, drizzle with 1 tablespoon sesame oil, and top with nori. Serve Kochujang sauce as a condiment.
If I must say so myself.... Awesome recipe!  Didn’t add or change a thing!  Everyone loved it! So fun and delicious! Timing is everything with this recipe. The layers of flavor and texture are wonderful.I served a loose fried egg (non stick pan with minimal olive oil) instead of the raw egg and use a high quality steak. In addition I used white s'rooms saluted with the other veg. My husband loved this meal. A Very worthwhile recipe it won't disappoint. I made this for my son's birthday dinner, and it was a huge hit.  Everyone young and old enjoyed the meal and had fun with it. Definitely a keeper! This is a very very good, delicious recipe!!  My Korean bro in law loves it, which says a lot!  Also, I made this for Christmas dinner for about 8 people and people raved about it!!  Did not use stone bowls, or nori sheets, I always use the cucumbers and carrots and of course the meat marinade I make exactly how the recipe calls for and it is very authentic tasting:). Make it!  You won't be disappointed! One of the members reviews was very helpful, which I followed. Used agave instead of sugar. Better than any I've eaten at restaurants. Make sure to use fresh ingredients, good gochujang, and don't be stingy with the sesame oil This recipe is time consuming, but definitely worth it. I made it exactly as is, and it was wonderful. This is a great, easy to make and non-time consuming recipe. I used only 1/4 cup of brown sugar, substituted the beef for ground turkey, zucchini for cucumbers, omitted spinach, used regular white long grain rice, and used Schiracha. I also added some Daikon. No stoneware needed. It was delicious! This is indeed a very flexible recipe!
