Baked Kale Chips
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/176957/baked-kale-chips/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. With a knife or kitchen shears carefully remove kale leaves from the thick stems; tear into bite-sized pieces. otdash Meredith Food Studio Wash and thoroughly dry kale with a salad spinner. otdash Meredith Food Studio Drizzle kale leaves with olive oil and toss to combine. Spread out in an even layer on the baking sheet without overlapping and sprinkle with salt. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake until the edges start to brown but are not burnt, 20 to 30 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO
I am the poster of this recipe. Thank you all for such nice reviews. You can CUT CALORIES CONSIDERABLY by spraying them with a mister or PAM(TM). I use a "Misto"(TM) filled with olive oil. Also, you can decrease the salt and add additional seasonings. Enjoy!! UPDATE: The timing of the baking, as others noted, is critical. Baking too little results in limp kale pieces and baking too long causes a "burned" taste. Be sure to use the "curly" kale variety as it tend to be less bitter.DO NOT EXPECT them to taste like potato chips... that was just an expression I used in the description. Kale is a nutritional powerhouse and rich in calcium and other vitamins. GREAT way to feed yourself and your kids!! ENJOY!! I followed the recipe but with a shorter cooking time (b/c all ovens are different) I did 15minutes at 300f and then shut it off with them inside for 10 additional minutes and they came out WONDERFUL! They are very crunchy, NOT burned and taste delicious with just EVOO and Salt. 10/10 The time and temperature way off. I checked at 15 minutes and my chips were already brown ☹️ Was so bummed. Good timing and temp, too much salt though. I dusted mine with fine salt as soon as they came out of the oven.Tips:1. Make sure kale is DRY before you start.2. Dont over oil. Just a teaspoon or so is enough, and rub the kale between your fingers to distribute oil evenly. 3. Spread kale leaves out on parchment paper coated pan so they aren't folded and leave lots of space between leaves for air circulation.4. Set timer for 5 min, check5. Set for another 5. Move trays around if using multiple, and turn all kale leaves over once6. Set for another 5 and watch very carefully. You want crispy, but not burned. A tiny bit of brownish around the edges is ok Best kale chips I've ever had or made. Took a reviewer's suggestion and coated kale with olive oil and salt in a bowl; I chose garlic salt. Then baked at 325* for 15 mins. Addictive. I used three kale leaves to fill a cookie sheet, used hand to coat evenly with ~1/2 tbsp olive oil,and added seasonings per my taste (garlic powder, chili powder, cayenne, paprika), took 15 carefully-watched minutes for perfection!! I made sure Kale was very dry, added a little oil, shook in bowl & then tossed with my hands to ensure even coverage. Sprinkled with salt & garlic power (will try many other suggestions from here next!) and baked on COOKIE COOLING RACKS to ensure air flow. I baked at 340 for 8 min 1st batch, 7 min second batch. Amazing.To remove stem from Kale, hold 1 leaf in left hand, fingers lightly around leaves near the base where leaf ends on stem, almost to stem. Grab stem with right hand & pull. wal-la! OMG, these were awesome! Not sure why this recipe did not work for others? This was my first attempt and they came out perfect!! I put the olive oil in a big ziplock bag with the cut up Kale and shook it then poured them onto the parchment paper and put salt; pepper; onion powder and garlic powder!!! YUMMO!!! the last 5 minutes I brought the temp up to 375 degrees but kept on watching them to perfection!! Ok, I have heard a lot about Kale Chips, so I picked up some Kale today at Trader Joe's (they had a suggestion posted right beside them to use Coconut Oil and garlic salt). So needless to say when I got home I searched Allrecipes for a good recipe and came across this one! After reading some of the comments, I played with the temp just a little. I also used Trader Joe's suggestion and used Coconut Oil, drizzling just a little bit onto the Kale after taking off the center stalk and tossing them in a large bowl to make sure it was evenly covered. After laying them out on the cookie sheet I lightly sprinkled them w/ Jane's Crazy Mixed Up Salt and put them into the oven, cooking it for 10 minutes @ 250, then turning up the oven to 350 and cooking them for another 10 minutes. They turned out perfect. I experimented with the seasoning, sprinkling a little section with garlic, another w/ smokey paprika, the third w/ cumin, and then the last one with cayenne pepper. My favorite was the smokey Paprika and the Cumin.... I will be making these again. One thing I will do different next time is to make sure the pieces are larger, because they do shrink down. Thanks for all of the comments, they were very helpful!! Delicious! I was very surprised at how much I liked these. You HAVE to make sure the kale is dry otherwise you'll end up with steamed kale instead of crispy kale. First batch for me was WAY too salty, second batch not enough salt. So I would suggest tossing the olive oil and kale together, spreading on the baking sheets - then sprinkling the salt (or whatever seasoning you are using) over the kale. I also add a little garlic powder and onion powder! To make it even a little bit healthier spend your money on organic kale, it is quite a bit more expensive, but it has a lot less pesticides!FYI - To each his/her own BUT.... although cooking sprays may be quicker at times PLEASE take a look at the ingriedient list - they contain butane and propane! Why ruin healthy kale with that yuck (even if the amount is minimal)....just saying! ;) My husband won't eat kale,but I made these chips and he loves them. I used a mix of garlic salt and onion seasoningDelicious This was very easy to make! And this is a great option when I am craving something savory! I add different spices, just to mix things up. I have also tried this using with truffle oil. Perfect as is but a sprinkle of nutritional yeast is yummy addition I added fresh lime and lemon juices to the oil and salt mixture before baking it. Great recipe! Crispy and tasty! I have a gas oven and watched the first batch closely to determine the correct time for my oven. It is 15 minutes for my gas oven. I used the curly kale and am trying all different flavors with my own herbs. I’m going to try the sesame oil as shared by another reviewer in the next batch. I’ll add some toasted sesame seeds too.  I may even try some miso. Love baked kale!! The ultimate thought, is when I sprinkle a fair amount of nutritional yeast ( a cheese  flavored  protein fortified nondairy product you shake onto the kale then stir-yum)!!😁DELICIOUS!!! My oven runs hotter. I only cooked it for 15. I also used sesame oil on one batches. Absolutely delish Great way to use lots of kale!  So delicious and couldn't be easier.  We'll be making these again. I had to turn my oven down to 250 and baked for 15minutes. They came out nice and crispy with no browning.
