Kentucky Bourbon Balls
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/176961/kentucky-bourbon-balls/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place nuts in a sealable jar. Pour bourbon over nuts; seal and allow to soak for 8 hours to overnight. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix sugar and butter in a medium bowl; fold in soaked nuts with bourbon. Form mixture into 3/4-inch balls and refrigerate for 8 hours to overnight. otdash Meredith Food Studio Line a baking tray with waxed paper; set aside. Melt chocolate in the top of a double boiler over just-barely simmering water, stirring frequently and scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula to avoid scorching. Roll balls in melted chocolate to coat; arrange on the prepared tray. Store in the refrigerator until serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio
This is how I fixed them. The only thing is I roll them out and put tooth picks in them then freeze for an hour or so until very hard. Then I just peel them off the paper and dip in the chocolate one at a time. After they cool I take out the tooth picks. If they get soft just pop back in the freezer. Ok... i am about to share a GAME CHANGER tip.   take the Pecans and toast them in a toaster oven before you do anything else.Pick the best ones out for the top.  the rest get a blip or 2 in a blender/chopper to even out sizes.The toasting changes the flavor entirely!  Well worth the extra step Trying it out this weekend.. but replaced the regular bourbon with Honey bourbon…. The pecans and honey should pair well together… Won't use again. Horrible to deal with I’ve been making this recipe probably 15 years at Christmas now and have a love/hate relationship but may finally have some tips to make these manageable. Here’s my modified version with tips:1- keep extras of all ingredients on hand plus a little vegetable oil is helpful when melting chocolate2- I make these over 4 nights instead of 3.Step 1: mix nuts (I always use pecans) and bourbon but I am very generous with (probably double?) the amount of bourbon. Store at least overnight. Reserve your prettiest whole nuts for topping in the end.Step 2: mix sugar butter nuts as above but because of extra bourbon this will be super sticky and hard to work with. I also always end up buying the wrong size bag of powdered sugar and then trying to measure 16oz so I probably use more sugar than recommended. Store in bowl and refrigerate overnight.Step 3: keeping a bowl of extra powdered sugar nearby, powder your fingers to help reduce stickiness and form dough into balls. Be sure to keep balls smaller than you think as chocolate layer is thicker than you realize. Place on wax lined cookie sheet. Refrigerate overnight.Step 4: working in small batches, melt about 1/4 bag of choc chips with double boil method. Add vegetable oil to thin chocolate for nicer dipping. (Maybe 1/2tsp for 1/4bag?) Use a toothpick to hold the dough and a spoon to drizzle/spread the chocolate over the dough. Place a pecan half over the hole where toothpick was to hide imperfections. Don’t let chocolate or dough get too warm or you will struggle. I don’t recommend trying to dip balls into melted chocolate. It never works for me. Also I always need more than 1 12oz bag of choc chips for this step.This year my recipe yielded 39 bourbon balls. I have been making bourbon balls for 60 years.  I've found that black walnuts work best for complimenting the bourbon.  Regular walnuts just don't cut it. I doubled the butter (unsalted) and confectionary sugar and used 2 cups of ground pecans and one cup of 100 proof (or higher)KY bourbon . Mixed the pecans and bourbon in sealable glass container and refrigerated for at least 24hrs or more. Mixed all ingredients in a stand mixer.  Roll balls out and freeze before dipping. Perfect and lots of compliments from consumers of this treat. KY gal here! Made these last Christmas and plan to make them again this year. I make them essentially like buckeye balls. Make sure the nuts are chopped finely and when added to the sugar and butter to make the balls, freeze them immediately.  Just like I do with the buckeye balls I melt the chocolate chips and add some paraffin to make it easy to dip. Stick toothpicks in them before dipping. Lay them out on wax paper and when the chocolate is hard, put them back in the freezer. Doesn’t take long to thaw out at room temperature and then eat as many as you want whenever you want. Very disappointed with this recipe. Couldn’t taste of bourbon and near impossible to form into balls… they fall apart very easily. They tasted really awesome but I had a challenge with the chocolate dip. We are going to keep working at it to develop a good technique.
