Easy Grilled Teriyaki Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/17784/easy-grilled-chicken-teriyaki/
Whisk teriyaki sauce, lemon juice, garlic, and sesame oil together in a bowl and pour into a resealable plastic bag. Add chicken, coat with marinade, squeeze out excess air, and seal the bag. Marinate in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour to overnight, turning every so often. When ready to cook, preheat an outdoor grill for high heat and lightly oil the grate. Remove chicken from marinade and shake off excess. Discard remaining marinade. Cook chicken on the preheated grill until no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, 6 to 8 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
My husband and I loved the recipe. We marinated it for 1 hour and also put 1/2 as much teriyaki sauce and it was delicious. We left 2 pieces of chicken the full 24 hours and it wasn't as tasty as the day before. I hope this helps! All in all it was really tasty. For the teriyaki sauce I used Japanese Barbeque Sauce. I let it marinate overnight. Cooked on the flat grill outside to the recommended 165 internal temp. It was moist, tender and delicious. This is a slick little recipe that it worth keeping because it's so easy.The flavours will change depending on what kind of teriyaki sauce you use. Perfect, use thighs for extra juiciness Well -  I didn't read the instructions before I started making the marinade, only to realize it was a 24 hour marinade!  So I put the chicken in the marinade, added it to a cast iron skillet and cooked it on our Big Green Egg for about 15 minutes.  Then I removed the chicken from the skillet and put it directly on the grill for 5 minutes for a grilled flavor.  It was soooo good! Worked out well.  I cut the chicken into bite sized pieces before marinating, and stir fried it with fried rice. Leftovers microwaved well with steamed rice. Awesome flavour!  Easy to make and they came of the grill a little blackened which added to the meal.  Will be a frequent meal favorite.. Moist and delicious Very easy and good. Watch the chicken so it doesn’t dry out inside. Mine cooked very fast. Easy and flavorful but the Teriyaki was a little strong so we cut it down a bit on the second time.
