Slider-Style Mini Burgers
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/178295/slider-style-mini-burgers/
Gather the ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Cover a baking sheet with aluminum foil and grease with cooking spray. Grease a sheet of aluminum foil; set aside. Mix together ground beef and onion soup mix in a large skillet; cook and stir over medium-high heat until beef is crumbly and evenly browned, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain and discard any excess grease. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove the skillet from heat; stir in Cheddar cheese and mayonnaise. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place roll bottoms on the prepared baking sheet. Spread beef mixture onto each bottom. Cover with tops. Cover sandwiches with the prepared sheet of aluminum foil. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until burgers are heated through and cheese is melted, about 30 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve with sliced pickles and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
Hi all... I submitted this recipe - just to clarify, I use two packages of the King Hawaiian Sweet dinner rolls (in the orange bag, remove the cardboard tray it comes in). You can just slice the tops off all at once and spread the beef mixture on the "bottoms". Make sure to spray the foil with Pam so they don't stick. I also don't put them on a cookie sheet, just wrap the whole thing in foil and pop in the oven, this prevents the bottoms from burning against the hot cookie sheet and keeps the buns soft. Make sure to drain the grease and let the beef mixture cool a bit before adding mayo and cheese so it doesn't separate and get too oily. These are always the hit of the party! Tastes just like White Castles! Loosely oil and tent  with foil or they will be hard as a rock average  soup is high sodium. keep it simple   basic ground beef ??  dah ! I brought these to a football watch party and what a hit!!  They were amazing!  Easy to make and delicious.  I was hesitant on using the mayo because a couple of people wouldn't eat it if they knew but they loved it!  I followed the recipe except only cooked them for 20 mins in the oven and like another reviewer mentioned did not use a cookie sheet.  The foil was plenty strong enough to hold them.  Also, I used parchment paper to make them easier to remove.  Definitely will be making these again! Putting the buns in the oven, makes the bread tough to eat, and even burns it. So easy and very yummy! Family  all loves it me and my family loved it alot I’ve been making this one for years to rave reviews. Even with a small household of one adult and one kid, I make the full recipe and either freeze one of the foil-wrapped bundles in the roll tray or just bake it up a few days later.I tried it with the butter-flavored Hawaiian rolls and was surprised to find that the sweetness of the original-flavored ones is much preferred.There’s a little discrepancy in the onion soup mix amount. The recipe calls for 1.25 oz but currently the Lipton envelopes contain just under an ounce. The only reason I know that is bc I buy the mix in bulk and weigh it out for recipes. If I were using envelopes, I’d either open another and use some or all of it or supplement with some finely chopped or even dried onions as well as some onion powder. Enjoyed these. Followed the recipe, very good. Thank you Minnesota Girl.
