Bayou's Mardi Gras Slaw
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/178480/bayous-mardi-gras-slaw/
Whisk together cider vinegar, dark brown sugar, dry mustard, celery seed, cayenne pepper, dill, sour cream, mayonnaise, horseradish and salt. Cover and refrigerate for 2 hours or overnight. When ready to serve, place the cabbage, bell pepper, and zucchini in a large bowl. Pour the dressing over the vegetables and toss to coat (see notes).
This is fantastic! I changed a few things because of ingredients I had around the house: I simplified the ingredients, didn't have dry mustard or celery so I used a little dijon instead and skipped the celery. I left out the zuchini and put in a green bell instead to give the green color. added some green onions too. I did not use brown sugar (which I'm sure would taste great) but opted for granulated splenda for diet reasons. It was such a hit that my grandmother who is the amazing cook of the family wanted the recipe. Didn't tell my grandmother about the splenda though. She would have spit it out. :) We really enjoyed this combination of vegetables, but I'm sorry the flavour was not great. The dressing had very little flavour, I tasted mostly cayenne and some funny after taste. Yummy! I followed the recipe as written. Hint don't mix the full sauce recipe into the slaw mix. Mix just enough sauce to coat the slaw mix about 20 minutes before serving then it won't be too soggie. Add more sauce if needed just before serving. I took it to a Mardi Gras party in a clear glass bowl and it looked pretty. This didn't work for us at all.  The celery overwhelmed the other flavors except the spiciness from the horseradish. I had high hopes for this and was looking for something from our usual coleslaw but holy moly this was really bitter. We just did not care for it at all. This is a wonderful, colorful, tasty!! slaw recipe.  Our dinner club had a New Orleans themed meal.  Newspapers covered the table adding to the fun, casual, atmosphere; spicy bbq peel and eat shrimp was the entree and this delicous slaw was one of the sides.  You know we all had to have the recipe!  Finish the meal off with banana's foster and you can die happy :) This slaw was excellent.  I made the dressing as written but used it on a bag of colorful broccoli slaw.  I will definitely be making this recipe again. I served this for a Mardi Gras dinner and it was as beautiful as it was tasty. One of my favorite salads now. Big hit at the party! I followed the recipe exactly and found it to be a little hot. Must be the horseradish even though i could not taste the horseradish just the heat. Terrific!!! Makes a lot.  I made it for a fall picnic as an alternative to potato salad or store bought (heavy dressing) cole slaw.  I made one modification; instead of shredding the cabbage, I chopped it so that it isn't as wet and limp.  I mixed a third of the slaw up at first then mixed up more as it got low.  I could also save any leftovers since the dressing was separate.  Highly recommend!!
