Golden Sweet Cornbread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/17891/golden-sweet-cornbread/
Gather the ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9-inch round cake pan. Whisk flour, cornmeal, sugar, baking powder, and salt together in a large bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add milk, vegetable oil, and egg; whisk until well combined. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour batter into the prepared pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center of the pan comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Slice and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
This is THE best cornbread recipe. Look no further!! I did cut down on the sugar a little. (It's still sweet) Delicious with butter and honey on it. Fantastic accompaniment to soup or stew or beans or even makes a great breakfast!*****This recipe gets a 5 Star rating from MontanaRecipes***** My go to recipe but in an effort to cut out seed oils- I sub equally butter for the oil. It comes out amazing and fluffier! I added a teaspoon of vanilla and cinnamon and a 1/4 cup of honey too. Loved it! Very fluffy corn bread that has a perfectly golden crust on top. Great recipe! I made it with 1/3 cup bacon fat instead of vegetable oil. I preheated a cast iron pan with some bacon fat in it as well then poured in the batter. It made the outside crisp and gave the cornbread a smoky bacon flavor. Finally, a cornbread recipe we like. Moist, holds together well, and has a great flavor. I greased with butter, sprinkled a little corn meal on bottom of the pan, 1/2 brown & 1/2 white sugar. Followed directions, didn’t overmix and sprinkled a little sugar and honey on top. Next time I’ll try with jalapeño but this will be my recipe for cornbread. Loved it! Super fluffy! I have to be gluten free, so I subbed AP Gluten Free Flour (rice blend based) for the AP flour. I added half a TSP of xanthan gum as a binder. I didn’t have eggs, so I used 3 TBSP of mayo. Also used buttermilk instead of regular milk (again, that’s what I had on hand...). Wow!!! Just WOW! The rest of my family doesn’t have to be gluten free and none of us has to be egg free, but this was amazing!! Some people will read this and say that I changed the recipe completely. Haha! You have to have a good place to start, Guys, and this was it! A keeper!! This is the best corn bread recipe that I have made from Allrecipes! Especially if you add 1tsp maple extract. Today, I used whole wheat pastry flour in place of all purpose flour and they were just as good! 2nd batch in 24 hrs. I made this and loved it. The only thing I did differently was used 1/3 of a cup of white sugar and 1/3 of brown sugar.. And I drizzled a little bit of honey in the mix. Will absolutely make this again!!! I love this recipe but like to tweek a bit myself, I use fresh ground flour I use whole wheat flour made with hard white wheat, the sweetener is honey powder, but last but not least I make my own fresh ground cornmeal made with white popcorn kernels it makes a wonderful cornmeal wow what a difference fresh ground ingredients makes. My wife for the most part dislikes cornbread but she loves mine. The flour and cornmeal I sift with a very fine mesh sifter. It makes for a very fine powder both the flour and cornmeal which makes the cornbread very light and oh so good!! This recipe is wonderful and easy to make! I was missing several ingredients... I didn't have baking powder so i substituted it with 1 & 1/2 tsp baking soda and 1/2 cup sour cream; no egg was added; I added 3/4 can of corn. And this turned out sooooo good! YUM! WOW! My hubby is a self described corn bread snob from the south and he LOVED this!I followed others suggestions too:for the sugar 1/3 C white and 1/3 C brown. I substituted the oil for melted butter and i added 3 tablespoons of honey. i also let the cornmeal soak in the milk for 15 minutes and baked the cornbread in a seasoned cast iron pan. OMG heaven! add 1 1/4 cup cornmeal and 3/4 cup flour instead This recipe was awful. 3 1/2 tsp of baking powder to 1 cup flour and 1 cup cornmeal was terrible. All you smell and taste is baking powder. Pretty horrendous Only change was melted butter in cast iron skillet before adding batter. How much ingredients do I need to bake this in a 9 x 13 pan Amazing tasting! I added jalapeños, sharp cheddar, substituted 1/3 cup of sugar with brown sugar and used buttermilk. This is my go-to cornbread recipe. I usually put half wheat flour and half white. The kids like it! It's sweet. Super quick and easy!  Came out delicious!
