Kabobs
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/17904/kabobs/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix teriyaki sauce, honey, garlic powder, and ginger in a large resealable plastic bag. Place chicken, beef, red bell peppers, onion wedges, and mushrooms in the bag, coat with the marinade, squeeze out excess air, and seal the bag. Refrigerate for 4 hours to overnight. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the grill to medium-high heat. Lightly oil the grill grate. Discard marinade. Thread meat and vegetables onto skewers, leaving a small space between each item. otdash Meredith Food Studio Grill skewers, turning as needed, until meat is cooked through and vegetables are tender, about 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I've experimented with several kabob recipes, and this turned out to be the very best. The combination of honey and teriyaki sauce worked well. I marinated it for 8 hours, and that was sufficient (you don't need the full 24 hours to get the flavor). One suggestion is to not to place meat and vegetables on the same skewer; although it looks pretty, they have different cooking times. Like ingredients but would keep meat and veggies separate  because cooking times are different. I used maple syrup, Gardine beef, and Gardine chicken to make it vegan. Amazing flavor I substituted the marinade (soy allergen) with a Mango Sweet Chili sauce. Wow. Never made kabobs before, thinking would be a hassle. NOPE, and delicious I used shrimp with chicken instead of beef.  Tasted great!! I made this recipe pretty much as is. I did use real garlic instead of powder. I also added cayenne and salt and pepper. Delicious! I have done both steak and veggies with this marinade and both turned out great!   Veggies only need to marinade for about 1 hour (peppers, mushrooms, onion, and zucchini), but the steak is better the longer it sits. Also I ran out of time to BBQ so I have put the meat and marinade into a frying pan and sautéed it on the stove top. Both ways it turned out great! (I added 1/2 tsp onion powder to the marinade too) My adult sons and I loved this! We tossed the mushrooms, not a fan. Instead of marinating for 4 hours, I vacuum sealed it for 40 minutes. It was perfect except I should have doubled the recipe. This marinade was so good, it even just smelled good. I was worried the honey would overpower the teriyaki but it didn’t. I used minced garlic instead of garlic powder and I’m glad I did because little bits of garlic stuck to the meat. I marinated the meat overnight, which it really needed and added the veggies in the morning about 4 hours before the kabobs went on the grill. I did add pineapple to the kabobs but I did not marinate those, which they didn’t need it anyway. The marinade and kabobs were a hit with everyone and our 5 year old daughter loved it too. Great marinade recipe.
