Pumpkin Cream Cheese Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/17968/pumpkin-cheese-bread-ii/
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Lightly grease two 8x4 inch loaf pans. Combine cream cheese, 1/2 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon flour, 1 egg and orange zest in a medium bowl; beat until smooth. Set aside. Sift together 1 ⅔ cups flour, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, cloves, and pumpkin pie spice; set aside. Place pumpkin, vegetable oil, 2 eggs and 1 ½ cups sugar in a large bowl; beat well. Stir the pumpkin mixture into the flour mixture just until combined. Fold in the pecans if desired. Pour 1/2 of the pumpkin batter into the loaf pans. Spoon cream cheese mixture on top of this layer and then pour on the remaining batter. Bake in preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into center of the loaf comes out clean, about 60 to 70 minutes. Cool bread in pans briefly before removing to a wire rack to cool completely.
Oh my gosh! This is the absolute best bread!! The only thing I did was to omit the orange peel and used 1/4tsp. van. extract instead and left out cloves and increased cinnamon to 1 tsp. It came out delish, I'm tossing out all my other recipes I have for pumpkin bread! As another veiwer stated be careful not to put too much in 1st layer or cheese ends up to close to the top. I'm going to make 2 more loaves right now for Thanksgiving because we can't stop eating the ones I just made!! Thanks Tina!!! Just didn’t taste the orange in the cream cheese.  I used dried orange peel and orange extract…. I made this again but only used pumpkin pie spice.  It was Amazing!!  Too many spices way this down!! I make this every year.  Love it!  I substitute gluten free flour and it turns out great. The cream cheese part of this bread is SUPER!  The bread part was a little bland for my taste. I will make it again though, and probably increase the spices.My minor alterations: I didn't have two pans handy, so I cooked it all in one 8x8 pan. I used 1 tablespoon of vanilla instead of orange zest (because of preference). I baked it at 350 in the 8x8 and it took 1h and 5 min. Pretty good.  I did read the reviews before I made it, so I did increase the oven temp to 350 and I made it in a brownie pan, to be sure it baked evenly.   We all liked it. I have been making pumpkin breads w/ and w/out cream cheese for a long time, but this is by far the best recipe I have ever tried.  I only had large loaf pans, so I used the whole recipe in one pan and increased the oven temp to 350 degrees and increased the time to 1 hour, 30 minutes.  Turned out great! I followed these directions. Next time I  would increase the temperature to bake at 350 not 325. Took a lot longer to bake at a lower temperature. More than 70 minutes. Also, put more cinnamon in it then the recipe called for and take out the ground cloves. The recipe as is had a bland flavor. Wasn't impressed This was so good! I saw another reviewer had increased the pumpkin and eggs to make a 9x5 loaves. I did the same thing only increasing all the cake ingredients to make 3 - 8 x 4 loafs because I happened to have three of the disposable one. I increased the pumpkin to a whole can, 3 eggs, 2 cups flour and increased the spices to 3/4 tsp each. So, so good! This will be a recipe to go into my cookbook of favorites. It was fine, but no better than any other pumpkin bread I've tried. I thought it was really really sweet. Also, be careful with the portioning of pumpkin batter - there's not a lot and if you're not careful the top layer of pumpkin is pretty thin. Baked fine, good taste, just not sure the cream cheese adds anything. This is a fantastic pumpkin bread. I adapted the recipe to make 1.5 of the original recipe (my loaves were a little short). Put the filling in a piping bag for easy and even layers.
