Sweet and Sour Meatloaf
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/18035/sweet-and-sour-meatloaf/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Combine ground beef, bread crumbs, 1/2 can tomato sauce, eggs, dried onion, salt, and black pepper until well mixed; transfer to a 9x5-inch loaf pan. Push down meatloaf into the pan forming a well for sauce around all edges. Bake in the preheated oven for 40 minutes. Meanwhile, combine remaining 1/2 can tomato sauce, white sugar, brown sugar, vinegar, and mustard in a small saucepan over medium heat; bring to a boil, then remove from heat. Pour sauce over top of meatloaf after 40 minutes of baking. Return to oven; continue baking 20 minutes more. Let sit 5 minutes before removing from pan.
I have had this recipe for years and everyone loves it. A couple of tips that have made this even better: bake the loaf in a larger casserole dish and double the sauce recipe - it's the best part! Since the loaf itself is just average, I use 1 lb ground sirloin and 1/2 lb hot italian sausage and I add about 1/2 cup or so of the fancy (thin) shredded sharp cheddar cheese. This has made a fantastic recipe even better. Also, for parties I have made meatballs instead of the loaf, baked them, and then put them in a crock pot with the double sauce recipe - always a big hit. I added lipton onion soup mix Sweet and sour deliciousness! I followed the recipe almost 100%. Substituted apricot jam for honey and matzo meal for breadcrumbs but used less matzo meal because it denser. 2/3 cup of Matzo meal instead of 1 cup bread crumbs. Meatloaf had perfect texture. Combined all the meatloaf ingredients in the Cuisinart. Perfectly blended. I’ll keep making these for my family and friends. Not embarrassed to serve a meatloaf dinner anymore. 😋 It’s very easy. Simple ingredients and process with a big flavor. Our family loves it. It’s a great change from your everyday meatloaf. 12/16/21: My 3rd time making this and I find the sweet/sour sauce combo makes for a nice topping with plenty of room for artistic touches of taste. 1st time making this got 3 stars. I find it helps to add a generous dash in the beef while mixing it.  But adding in pineapple chunks and some of its juice while stirring the sauce is a very nice game changer. If you dare use spice--do so VERY carefully; I find, however, this recipe doesn't need jazzing up---Rockin' Roller. Very moist and delicious. Added just a touch of barbecue sauce to the meatloaf to give it some additional flavour. I am saving this recipe along with the sweet and sour sauce one too. I only had a pound of hamburger so I adjusted slightly and I had to take a bite before my cheddar biscuits were done then one bite turned into two, three - well it was really good! Moist on the inside a perfect balance of flavor. I bet this might be good in the future with pre-boiled rice baked in for a twist. Thanks for the recipe I give it 5 stars Family favorite...kids eat it up everytime
