Hot German Potato Salad
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/18085/hot-german-potato-salad-iii/
Place potatoes in a large pot and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain, cool, and slice thin. Place bacon in a large, deep skillet. Cook over medium-high heat until evenly brown. Drain, crumble, and set aside, reserving drippings. Sauté onions in bacon drippings over medium heat until they are golden brown. Whisk flour, sugar, salt, celery seed, and pepper together in a small bowl; stir into onions and cook until bubbling, then remove from heat. Stir in water and vinegar; bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring constantly, and simmer for one minute. Gently stir bacon and sliced potatoes into the onion mixture until potatoes are heated through.
This was a very good patato salad. I've never tried it hot before. Just a suggestion...use red potatoes because they don't fall apart as easily as brown potatoes. It still tastes good when the potatoes are crumbled put if you're looking for presentation points I'd use red!! I added about 1 tablespoon more of sugar and replaced the bacon for diced ham. Double the bacon and you have something everyone begs for! I loved this...made it a coupe times now...i use the whole pound of bacon...increase water to about a cup and a half and double the dry ingredients..i did NOT change the amount of vinegar (or potatoes) and found this more satisfactory for our taste. Not bad... it was missing something but is overall a good base recipe. I did love the amount of bacon used; most recipes for German potato salad call for only 2-4 pieces of bacon (and we LOVE our bacon here). Maybe next time I'll add more celery seed. Tasted just like my grandmother's recipe, we ate growing up. I did double the sauce and added 1/4 cup more vinegar. Will be making again. This was awesome, I did 1/4 cup white and 1/4 cup apple cider vinegar for a different tang. I have been looking for a Hot German Potato Salad recipe like the one my German Grandmother made years ago & this is close enough that I'm keeping it without changing much. I would maybe up the liquid by 30%. My German wife also loved it. It was really good, but a little dry. Delicious It was delicious. Thank you for sharing it. Not quite sure what was different than my old recipe, but I like this.I have always had to add more sugar. I thought this was disgusting. Wife thought it was pretty good though. I admit I really like the crap you buy in a can and this tasted completely different. Had to add way more sugar , but still wonky tasting. My nephew loved it & asked me to save your recipe, which I did❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
