Baked Sweet Potatoes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/18249/baked-sweet-potatoes/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Coat the bottom of a glass or nonstick baking dish with olive oil, just enough to coat. Wash and peel sweet potatoes; cut into medium pieces. otdash Meredith Food Studio otdash Meredith Food Studio Place in the baking dish and stir to coat with olive oil. Sprinkle with oregano, salt, and pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until soft and fork-tender, about 45 minutes to 1 hour. Enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
These were sooooooo delicious, but I did a few things different. Like other users, I cut the potatoes into smaller pieces, about an inch. They only took about 40 minutes to cook. I was out of oregano, so I just stuck with the olive oil, salt and pepper, but I added 2 garlic cloves (crushed), and half of a yellow onion, diced. OMG was it good! Thanks for the recipe. I've never done sweet potatoes like this, so I'm very glad I found this recipe. ***Update*** I made these with some cheddar cheese sprinkled on top for the last 15 minutes or so. So yummy! Simple, easy, really tasty. Might want to stir it around halfway through to keep from getting burned. I’ve made this plenty of times and every time it’s a hit. I love making this recipe, though I tend to keep them in the oven for longer than directed because I enjoy them a tad bit crispy. This dish is a huge hit with friends and family. Easy Peeze and delicious. Made per recipe with no additions. Excellent. I cook 40 min., then stir and cook another 10 min. Simple, and perfect with anything. Rosemary works well, too! I made it for the first time tonight for myself and my daughter, and it was absolutely amazing. We both loved it.  I made it exactly how the recipe is written, Delish!!!  If I could give it 10 stars, I would!!  I forgot to take a picture when it was in the baking dish, but here’s a picture of the leftovers (not much left over since it was SO GOOD!!) The video was very helpful. So simple, but many of the best recipes are! I made smaller, bite-sized chunks and I omitted oregano, not a fan personally. The temp and timing were great though. Crisp and chewy corners, perfectly soft inside. Hub asked that we make this a regular in our vegetable rotation. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars was because I made minor adjustments. Super recipe This recipe was simple and delicious. Other people who tried it loved it too.
