Cucumber Slices with Dill
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/18304/cucumber-slices-with-dill/
Combine cucumbers, onion, and dill in a large serving bowl. Combine sugar, vinegar, water, and salt in a medium bowl; stir until sugar dissolves. Pour vinegar mixture over cucumber mixture. Cover the bowl and refrigerate for at least 2 hours before serving
Very nice salad! I thinly sliced the cucumber and added the salt. I let that set for about twenty minutes to let the cucumbers produce their own water. I added thin sliced red onion, cut the amount of sugar in half, used white wine vinegar, left the amount of dill the same and omitted the water. I chilled it for the time stated and it went great with grilled chicken. If you like this, you'll like "Dilly Cucumber Salad" from this site. This is a very good traditional recipe, especially with the inclusion of dill, an ingredient which is often omitted. Salt. Rather than add salt to the marinade, I'd sprinkle it over the sliced cucumber to draw out excess water. Then pat dry with kitchen roll prior to adding the liquor. add Italian dressing to make it better Very delicious and crisp! I used raw sugar instead of white sugar and added a few herb seasoning with chives and shallots. Also used fresh dill instead of dried. I’m in love with this recipe! I tweaked it slightly. I used 2 cucumbers, 1/2 white onion and reduced the sugar to 1/2 cup based on others comments of 1 cup being to much. The dill, vinegar and water amounts I kept the same as the recipe stated. I sprinkled salt and pepper as well as onion salt and garlic salt on my cukes and onions before adding the liquid mixture. I also added a few cherry tomatoes for color. Excellent and easy to make. This recipe is too sweet for me. The vinegar should be increased and the sugar decreased a lot. Loved it. I used about 3 tbsp fresh dill instead of dried. It was delicious! Love this recipe . . . and I've never really been a fan of cucumbers! But, I'm a convert now and this recipe is perfect as a side dish. The only thing I do differently is replace the sugar with Stevia to bring down the calories. I've been making a version of this recipe for years but I have to say that I absolutely LOVE it with the dill weed. Besides the dill weed addition, yours is so much better than mine. I'm not too proud to admit it. lol Thank you for my new recipe!
