Pan-Fried Asparagus
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/18318/pan-fried-asparagus/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Melt butter in a skillet over medium-high heat. Add olive oil, salt, and pepper; cook and stir until garlic is fragrant, about 30 seconds. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add asparagus and cook until fork-tender, turning asparagus often to ensure even cooking, about 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
Making this recipe was the first time ever tried asparagus. Now, I can't eat it any way but like this. I serve this with dinner at least twice a week. I don't use fresh garlic, I used jarred cushed or minced garlic (whatever is in the fridge). I use two teaspons (hey - I like garlic). If you do this, add the garlic in at the end of the cooking time as the garlic would burn if you added it in at the beginning as the recipe calls for you to do with fresh garlic cloves. Great recipe. I added blue chees sprinkles and a few toasted walnuts on top. Really GOOD! These are delicious!! I added some sliced baby bella mushrooms and my husband loved it. My husband started eating out of the pan-I tried too. The asparagus was almost gone before dinner was served. My only change was adding parmesan cheese at the end. YUM! YUM! A family favorite of mine who are from northern Italy as well. In addition to this recipe, we drain the asparagus after frying it, and scramble in as many eggs as we need to feed the family. It is awesome!! QUICK, EASY, AND DELICIOUS! Did I say delicious? I didn't have garlic on hand so I put the asparagus in the pan and sprinkled liberally with garlic powder! It tasted great and full of flavor. The best part is that you have a side dish in less than 10 minutes. I didn't cook for 10 minutes because I like mine with a lil crunch so I just watched/ turned them until they were the texture I wanted and took them out. My 13 y.o. raved and said he couldn't stop eating them and my neighbor who was over for dinner commented how good the asp was. Definitely a keeper!! This is the best recipe I have found for Asparagus. I also cooked chicken strips in it UMMMMM Good Thanks This is an excellent recipe. I modify the cooking process slightly as I was having a dinner party and preparing more asparagus then the recipe called for. I increased the other ingredients. I blanched the asparagus in small portions (dropped in boiling water for about 2-3 minutes then into ice water) first, then set aside, then later continued the pan frying process for about 2-3 minutes. Al Dente. Asparagus kept its nice green color. Thanks for sharing. Lots of compliments from my guests. I have made this 3 times in the past 2 weeks. I cut the butter to 2 tbsp and the last time added half of a sweet red pepper, sliced thin, with the asparagus. My husband is really picky about vegetables and loves this, too! Great recipe. Cook whole green beans in similar way (with less oil and butter). Beans change color as they're stir-fried. Then add 4 tablespoons chicken broth, cover, and let steam for about 6 minutes for delicious green beans. Very tasty, fast, & nutritious! With a med-high heat the garlic burnt really quickly, long before the asparagus cooked. If I made again I’d add the garlic towards the end. Excellent recipe! It was my first time having asparagus and my husband and I loved it. I will definitely make this again. Sometimes, it’s mind blowing how a recipe so simple - when done right - can be so good! Made this to pair with Air Fryer Pork Tenderloin from this site and needed an “easy” asparagus side. Not only was this easy but wow! So good! It’s been a while when a vegetable side dish is the first thing to disappear from my table so compliments to you Kim! Will make again! Thank you! Never made asparagus before. I don't even really like vegetables, but I did it for my family. And guess what?! Not only did everyone love them, but so did I! Definitely will do again! Very quick and easy recipe. It is very tasty. Perfect flavors also. A good, easy method of cooking asparagus. It was a bit salty for my taste but otherwise delicious.
