Best Green Bean Casserole
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/18379/best-green-bean-casserole/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Mix green beans and condensed soup together in a large microwave-safe bowl until well combined. Microwave on high until warm, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir 1/2 cup Cheddar cheese into the green bean mixture. Microwave on high for 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer mixture to a casserole dish and spread evenly over the bottom. Sprinkle remaining Cheddar over top, then sprinkle with the French-fried onions. Bake in the preheated oven until cheese is melted and the onions are just turning brown, about 10 minutes.
This is basically our standard green bean casserole recipe with some minor modifications I've made over the years. It's ALWAYS the first to disappear at potlucks when there are other versions of green bean casseroles and people often ask why it seems to taste so much better than the original one on the French's can. I always use French-cut green beans, add a (drained) can of sliced water chestnuts (coarsely chopped) and stir 3 ounces of the French fried onions into the casserole along with ALL of the cheddar cheese. Heating the ingredients in the microwave is really an unnecessary step. Bake in a flat casserole dish 30-35 minutes or until hot in the center. Then sprinkle the other 3 ounces of French fried onions over the top and bake 5 minutes more. We much prefer the cheese stirred INTO the casserole and NOT put on top. When doubling the recipe, using one can of water chestnuts works fine since a whole can is almost too much (but we like the crunch!) for a single recipe, depending on personal taste. If I'm trying to extend the number of servings for a double recipe then I generally use 2 cans of water chestnuts for that. A tried and true yummy favorite of many – thanks, Jan! Easy, Quick, Tasty. We added orange zest. I added bacon bits I make this every Thanksgiving I have to make two batches. I don't use the microwave though I bake everything in the oven. It would be so nice if these recipes would indicate what size baking dish to use, instead of just "put the ingredients into a baking dish." I see more and more recipes that omit that information. For those of us who don't do a great deal of cooking or baking, it would sure be helpful. CANNED STRING BEANT?????  You've got to be kidding!  Fresh or even defrosted frozen string beans is so easy a child can put together an excellent string bean casserole - putting the cheese UNDER the topping of fried onions from a can!! Everyone loved this green bean casserole dish! It was very good and super easy to make.  The only thing that I would do differently is to put the remaining cheddar cheese layered underneath the fried onions instead of on top of it.  I did not care for the way that the cheese hardened when I re-heated the dish.  I prepared the dish earlier in the day and then re-heated to serve for Thanksgiving dinner. Added chopped water chestnuts and bacon, and mixed all the cheese into the green bean mixture, along with half the onions. Fabulous!
