Spanakopita (Greek Spinach Pie)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/18417/spanakopita-greek-spinach-pie/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly oil a 9-inch square baking pan. Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Saute chopped onion, green onions, and garlic in the hot oil until soft and lightly browned, about 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in spinach and parsley, and continue to saute until spinach is limp, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix feta cheese, ricotta cheese, and eggs in a medium bowl until well combined. Stir in spinach mixture. otdash Meredith Food Studio Lay one sheet of phyllo dough in the prepared baking pan, and brush lightly with olive oil. Lay another sheet of phyllo dough on top and brush with olive oil. Repeat the process with two more sheets of phyllo dough; the sheets will overlap the pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Spread spinach and cheese mixture into the pan. Fold any overhanging dough over the filling. Brush with oil. otdash Meredith Food Studio Layer the remaining 4 sheets of phyllo dough, brushing each with oil. Tuck overhanging dough into the pan to seal the filling. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, 30 to 40 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cut into squares and serve while hot. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
This is a great recipe, no doubt. There are a few points that should be emphasized.First, the instructions state that the mixture should be cooled before assembly. This should be in capital letters. There's something about letting the mixture set-up somewhat to reduce the amount of moisture...that thing that everyone is saying to avoid. Excess moisture kills this dish. I spun my spinach dry before chopping it and adding it to the pan, but go to great lenghts to introduce as little extra moisture as possible. On the subject of spinach, I think the recipe implies the dirty bunch-spinach, not the pre-washed baby spinach. I found I lost about 1/3 weight from the bunch spinach after discarding the undesirables and destemming. Baby spinach is more expensive, but you can take it right out of the container, chop it and throw it in the pan. If you use bunch spinach, account for the extra time it'll take you to clean and destem the stuff...huge PITA, but much cheaper. Also, you can't go wrong with extra phyllo. I wouldn't layer it in the middle, because it'll just be a doughy mess between the layers of filling. But to have eight sheets on the top AND bottom would not do you wrong.Finally, I found this dish rocks coming out of the freezer and going right into the oven. Prepare it the same just to the point it goes in the oven. Take the whole frozen kit and caboodle right to the oven, add some extra cooking time (20-30 mins) and it turns out identical. Just an excellent and healthy meal option.  I enjoyed making it because I knew that the ingredients were clean and tasty. It was even better when I saw the huge smile on my husband’s face. I decided make individual triangles and serve with Tzatziki dip. Oh. So good! Key: DRAIN the Spinach!!! Personally, I used 2 pots to boil the spinach and drain them in the colander along w the onion, garlic, and so on BEFORE adding them into the dairy items.Draining avoids the dreaded soggy bottom.I like spice. So I add extra garlic, basil lemon juice, a dash of salt and pepper, and maybe honey if I want sweetness.Alternate between olive oil and water when layering the phyllo dough to reduce oil usage.This is a fun recipe, so I make it differently every time. Made Greek way with feta and no ricotta cheese This recipe that takes me back to my childhood as my Mother made it year in & year out. She made it look very hard, however! And while this is not super easy, it's not hard -- IF you have a food processor. That is pretty key to not be chopping for hours.I add grated parmigiano cheese and pine nuts (I'm Italian!), so in that sense it's not the most traditional Greek recipe, perhaps.Anyway, my family absolutely loves it, & it really impresses guests! for the person that said there is no oven temp for this recipe,, look at step #2,, 350 degrees I thought this was good out of the oven but I didn't care for it heated up next day. I use frozen pie dough (because it’s easier) and add some dried dill to the spinach mix. I have to cook it for at least an hour to get the dough cooked all the way through, but it is DELICIOUS! I always get compliments and asked for this recipe! I did everything except the ricotta. Didn’t miss it . Guests raved about it and asked for the recipe
