Baked Pasta with Sausage and Baby Portobello Mushroom White Sauce
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/184361/baked-pasta-with-sausage-and-baby-portobello-mushroom-white-sauce/
Preheat the oven's broiler and set the oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source. Bring a large pot of lightly-salted water to a boil; cook the penne uncovered, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 11 minutes. Drain and return to the pot. Meanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir the sausage in the hot oil until crumbly and no longer pink, about 7 minutes: remove from the skillet, leaving the fat in the pan, and set aside. Pour the remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil into the skillet and add the mushrooms and garlic. Cook and stir until the mushrooms have browned and begun to release their liquid, about 5 minutes more. Return the sausage to the skillet and pour in the heavy cream. Season with salt and pepper and return to a simmer, cooking until the sauce begins to thicken, about 5 minutes more. Pour the sauce over the pasta and stir. Stir in 1/2 cup mozzarella and Parmesan. Pour into a 9x13-inch baking dish and sprinkle with remaining 1/2 cup mozzarella cheese. Broil in the preheated oven until the mozzarella cheese is bubbly and golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes.
Fantastic! Thank you so much for enhancing my repertoire of pasta dishes!! My family loved this and hubby went back for seconds... raving about how delicious it is! And for those who don't have heavy cream in the house... I used 2% milk, added about 1/2 cup of butter and some flour and it was thick and creamy and tasted fab! A winner!!! This is delicious. Followed the recipe just halved it, but still used 8 ounces of mozzarella. Have made twice now, first time followed exactly. This makes a lot and was bit on the dry side. Second time I made using only 12 oz pasta and added I/2 pd more mushrooms also used hot Italian sausage it was more creamy and not so dry. Made it  exactly according to recipe. It's not a colorful dish but it is delicious!  I've already made it a second time and just found the recipe a month ago. Definitely making again and again Delicious!! - I substituted the bulk Italian sausage and used spicy turkey italian sausage. Perfect quick weekday meal. really delicious Loved the flavor, but my sauce never thickened. Excellent!  But it needs a few tweaks.  First instructions say to heat the broiler and cook the pasta.  It took me a lot longer than 15 minutes to make the dish, so I had to turn off my broiler for a while and the pasta was cold and stuck together before I needed it.  I would do those tasks later in the recipe.  Recipe says to pour in  (cold) cream and simmer about 5 minutes until thickened.  My cream wasn't even warm after 5 minutes...needed a lot more time to simmer and thicken.  Mine never did thicken, so I added a cornstarch slurry.  My training is to always add the garlic near the end, so I added it when the mushrooms were almost done.  The sauce tasted BLAND!!!  Added extra S&P, Italian seasoning, white wine, and oodles of fresh basil - still VERY bland.  Added extra Mozzarella both in and on top, using about 3/4 c each., about 12-16 oz. total. The sauce still tasted bland, BUT the final dish was wonderful!!  Agree with adding extra cream or broth, i.e. 2 cups.  Topping of broiled Mozzarella cheese was wonderful!  (I thought it was going to need bread crumbs, but it didn't.)  Total cooking time was closer to about 35 minutes for me.  The final dish was tasty, creamy, and wonderful!  Thanks for the recipe! I used an 8 oz. package of dehydrated mushrooms and added 2 small jars of regular mushrooms.  I also used Italian hot sausage.  I used a casserole dish and was concerned about putting it under the broiler so used a 350 degree oven.  The cheese melted but didn't brown.  Overall it is absolutely delicious and I'll make it again.  It makes a lot. This was really good and didn't take too long. I chose to use 8 oz. portobello and about 1/2 C chopped sweet peppers. I had some leftover chopped green onion I mixed in just prior to putting into the oven. Mine was a little low on cream which is why I'm rating it 4 stars. I think next time I might add a little chicken broth and another 1/2 C of cream or milk -- I used 1/2 & 1/2 rather than heavy cream.
