Irresistible Pecan Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/18433/irresistible-pecan-pie/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). To Make Crust: In a medium bowl, combine flour, salt and white sugar. Cut butter into flour mixture until it resembles coarse crumbs. Gradually sprinkle the water over the dry mixture, stirring until dough comes together enough to form a ball. On a floured surface flatten dough ball with rolling pin. Roll out into a circle that is one inch larger than pie dish. Place pie shell into dish and refrigerate until pie filling is complete. To Make Pie Filling: In a medium bowl, mix together eggs, light and dark corn syrups, brown sugar, butter, salt and finely crushed pecans. Spread quartered pecans over bottom of refrigerated pie crust. Pour syrup mixture over top of pecans, then arrange pecan halves on top of pie. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven for one hour or until firm; let cool for one hour before serving.
First of all, the crust was awful, and the filling lacked something: VANILLA! I made it again using my own pie crust recipe and added 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla. I also omitted the finely chopped pecans, because it just seemed unnecessary. The result was FABULOUS! Not too sweet and lots of nuts, just right. I gave it 5 stars. Absolutely the best pecan pie I’ve ever made I tweeked it to make it mine like i always do.  I made my own crust too. I’ve made this several times, our family loves it.  I substitute maple syrup for the dark corn syrup. It was average. Coming from the Northeast part of the US, maple syrup is abundant so I use dark maple syrup instead of karo syrup. I find the maple flavor takes it over the top and it has more nutritional value. I have made this every year for almost 12 years. I will never make a different recipe as this is by far the favorite dish for anyone who likes pie. One of the things that makes this pie different is the use of three different textures of pecans.   I didn’t have any light syrup and used all dark, delicious. Amazing!  We added a few chocolate chips, which took this pie to another level.  I can't believe how scrumptious this crust turned out!  Usually, pie crust goes unnoticed, but this one makes a statement! I followed the base recipe, but made my own tweaks to it. My family doesn't consume corn syrup. instead of corn syrup, I used honey (real) and molasses. I also candied the pecans with 2tbs of butter, 2tbs of light brown sugar and 1/4tsp of cinnamon in a small fry pan. I didn't use the quartered pecans, I thought the crushed and halved were plenty. I made the recipe as is and not only was it the prettiest pecan pie I've ever seen, it was the best tasting pecan pie I've ever had!
