Baked Macaroni and Cheese with Tomato
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/18439/baked-macaroni-and-cheese-with-tomato/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Pour in pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain. In large bowl, combine macaroni, soup, milk, cheese and 6 tablespoons butter. Pour into 9x13 baking dish. Top with bread crumbs and dot with remaining butter. Bake for 45 minutes or until golden brown and bubbly.
This was AWESOME! Definitely a keeper :) The only thing is the next time I make this, I will 1/2 the recipe. It makes ALOT! But oh so good! Delicious! I used  'real' bread crumbs and soak them soak in melted butter prior to placing on the top. I used ritz crackers instead of breadcrumbs.My family loved it! It's edible. However, it was incredibly bland (despite using basil and oregano tomato soup concentrate), and there was a puddle of butter in the bowl after eating. I won't try this recipe again, not even with one of the MANY suggested modifications. Definitely not your traditional mac and cheese.  I can see this as a great recipe for a family with children that want a cheap/fast meal.  I thought it was edible but not something I'll make again.  I used a mixture of several cheeses that I had little bits of including mild cheddar, colby jack and blue.  I also added a pinch of red pepper flakes which I felt needed to be included to keep it from being bland.  Instead of the bread crumbs and butter I used some crushed Cheezits.  Overall it was a decent comfort food but not something I care to repeat.  Thanks. Fairly easy to make, but as others have written, it is very bland and doesn't have a great "cheesy" flavor. Quick, simple, and tasty!  I added 2 garlic cloves (pressed), 2 tablespoons of dehydrated onion flakes, and 1 tsp of black pepper.  topped with Italian seasoned bread crumbs.  I think that if I used half the macaroni it called for, it would of been creamier.  Just seems like there wasnt enough liquid ingredients for the macaroni.  It made ALOT!  Otherwise, we enjoyed the flavor! I love the combo of cheese, macaroni, and tomato soup.  My husband liked it ok, but he is not a fan of tomato soup so if you don't like tomato soup, I suggest you not making this one - the flavor is defiantly there. But for those of us who do, this is a five star! Thanks for the recipe. It was a little bit bland so I cooked onion and green peppers, added a bit of diced tomatoes and tomato juice, garlic, added cheese on top plus 6 slices of almost cooked bacon.
