Gnocchi
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/18465/gnocchi-i/
Gather the ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place potatoes in a large saucepan and cover with 2 inches of salted water. Bring to a boil over high heat; reduce heat to medium-high and simmer, undisturbed, until tender but still firm, 25 to 30 minutes. Drain potatoes and place back in the pot to dry and cool slightly, 5 to 10 minutes.  otdash Meredith Food Studio As soon as potatoes are cool enough to handle, peel potatoes by rubbing skins off with your hands. Pass peeled potatoes through a potato ricer into a large bowl (alternatively, mash until very smooth.) Let cool slightly, about 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Fold in flour, egg, and salt until flour is incorporated and  dough starts to hold together. Transfer dough to a lightly floured surface and gently knead once or twice until mostly smooth (do not overwork). otdash Meredith Food Studio Divide dough into 4 even portions. Roll and shape each portions of the dough into long "snakes," about ¾-inch in diameter. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cut snakes into about 1/2-inch long pieces. (Optional: Roll each piece against the tines of a fork or a gnocchi board to make light ridges.) Transfer shaped gnocchi to a single layer on a parchment-lined baking sheet dusted with flour. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil over high. Working in batches, drop in gnocchi and cook for 3 to 4 minutes or until gnocchi have risen to the top; transfer cooked gnocchi with a spider or slotted spoon to desired sauce. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
Great recipe - a few gnocchi tips: Work with pounds of potatoes since the sizes can vary so much. I boil the potatoes whole in salted water and them peel after cooling slightly to limit water intake. Press the potatoes thru a ricer for finer texture. When working with the flour start with 1/2 cup per 2 lbs of potatoes, gradually adding more until you reach the "right" consistency too much flour will they are stiff and chewy, too little soft and mushy. After cutting roll the individual pieces down a fork to create ridges and a dented center to pick up sauce. They should curl slightly as they are pressed gently down the fork. My Grandma added parmesan or romano to the mix for more flavor depending on the sauce used. They take practice but are worth it! Reivsed **NOTE..gnocchi is inherently 'bland'. The idea is to serve with a fabulous sauce (tomato based or garlic tomato basil oil, endless possibilities). I can't see stuffing a gnocchi..lol...wow no stuffing them. Vary flavor with salt and/or cheese but dont go crazy cuz then its not gnocchi. Good tip: let the gnocchi sit in the sauce for a bit before serving to infuse the flavors. Tip 2 - the dough will absorb moisture while sitting so you need to work quickly and reesstablish consistency with each 'rope' before rolling and cutting by kneading in a bit more flour til it is resilient to a light touch. LAST - Ignore any ratings below 5 :) This was delicious! It was my first time making homemade gnocchi, and it turned out SO well! It was a lot of work, though, so I’m not sure how often I’ll do this vs. just buying it ready-made. But my husband did say it was probably the best gnocchi he’s ever had. I made this recipe a month ago.  I was Loving it!  So I bought shelf stable kind  and cooked them today=YUCK!  So worth it if u make ur own! The gnocchi turned out very tender and light with a good flavor.  Followed the recipe closely. I used three medium russet potatoes, and when they were tender and peeled, I cut them in chunks and put them through a ricer.  I concur that the proportion of flour to potato is spot on, since the dough came together beautifully.  Served them in sage butter.  I wouldn’t change a thing. Simple, classic goodness! Made as directed with no changes necessary. If the dough feels too sticky, just lightly dust with a bit more flour (don't over-flour because they will become too heavy and that's not good). If you've never made these before definitely give them a try...they are so easy and delicious 😋 Just made this easy recipe and it's lovely and light!  Am single so have 2/3 portions freezing for meals in the future. Will simply gently fry, toss in piccolo tomatoes and homemade pesto! I think maybe six pieces in the snakes would make it a little more manageable because I made it all at once I chose to put them in an ice bath to remove the excess starch off of them so I don't stick together and cool them down real quick so I could save them to add to a sauce at a later time or date depending on where they're freezing or not but other than that good recipe flavors there I would suggest everybody consider the fact that with all of our used it is very very messy and make sure you don't let your pot boil over while you're multitasking Great recipe, definitely recommend a potato ricer I didn’t use one so it has a few potato chunks but not bad! I have made this 3 times now, using regular white potato, then sweet potato and this last time leftover potatoes both white and sweet after roasting with a chicken in the oven.  All three worked out fantastic, for the 3rd batch i used 1/3 whole wheat flour.  LOVE it!  Each had their own unique taste.  The third is my favorite, but all are really good and a great way to recycle leftovers. We usually make this without a sauce component. Very easy recipe, my Wife's favorite!We saute the Gnocchi (after they've been boiled) in butter with salt, pepper and Parmesan Cheese. Wait until they're  golden brown on at least on side, then serve. Wonderful dish by themselves!
