Frozen No-Bake Pumpkin Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/18510/frozen-no-bake-pumpkin-pie/
In a medium bowl, combine pudding, pumpkin, milk, nutmeg, ginger, and cinnamon. Mix slowly for about 1 minute. Fold whipped topping into the mixture then spoon entire mixture into pie shell. Freeze until firm (about 4 hours). Let stand at room temperature for about 10 minutes before slicing.
I thought this recipe was great! But it needs to be in the refrigerator not the freezer-- what a difference. It didn't go over well with my kids frozen, so I put it in the refrigerator over night-- it was so good! Forgive the "I changed this recipe" review, BUT, I typically avoid recipes that call for fake whipped topping, so I tried it with real whipped cream. I made 1 cup of whipped cream using a 1/2 c heavy cream and powdered sugar to taste, and then just to make sure I added enough stability in the finished product, I swapped out the large box of pudding mix for 2 regular sized boxes. The result was a hit that everyone is asking for again this year! Quick, easy and delicious! Wonderful. Just refrigerate. Not freeze. Made this with cheesecake sugarfree pudding mix and fresh pumpkin, and it was great! I'm not much of a recipe person (tend to deviate a lot), and this was fast, easy, and delicious - and I pretty much stayed on the recipe! My boyfriend, cheesecake lover and very healthy eater, liked it too. I like that it doesn't need any extra sugar. I used sugar free instant pudding, fat free evaporated milk (so I could get that thick creamy flavor/consistancy without a lot of fat) and "free" whipped topping. I did make my own crust. The whole family loved it. To tell you the truth, it never did stay in the freezer long enough to get completely frozen. I had my small piece but my boys demolished the rest. This is by far the best pumpkin pie I have ever had.  It was so easy to make and everybody loved it.  I put mine in the freezer overnight and in the morning, it was done!  Absolutely fabulous.  Do not change anything about this recipe until you have tried it as written. I made this last night for an early Samhain dessert, it was fantastic! Living in South Florida we really appreciated the fall flavors without the warmth..smile..we ate it poolside! I'll definitely make it again, yummy! not the best, but not too bad also. needed something. ? I thought this recipe was great!  But it needs to be in the refrigerator not the freezer-- what a difference.  It didn't go over well with my kids frozen, so I put it in the refrigerator over night-- it was so good!
