Upside-Down Pumpkin Cake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/18535/upside-down-pumpkin-cake/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a mixing bowl, blend pumpkin, cinnamon, cloves, salt, sugar, eggs, and milk. Pour mixture into a 9x13-inch baking dish. Sprinkle dry cake mix and nuts over the batter. Pour melted butter over the cake. Bake in the preheated oven for 60 minutes, then let cool. The cake will be liquidy at first, but will solidify as it cools.
This recipe is as wonderful as everyone proclaims. I have been making it for several years, exactly as written. To go the extra mile, after flipping the cake and letting it cool, try adding home made cream cheese topping: beat 1 8 oz. cream cheese, 1 1/2 c. powdered sugar, 1 t. vanilla; fold in 12 oz. Cool Whip and spread on top and sides of the cake. You can't get any better than this! (In order to "flip" the cake, make sure you have lined the 9 X 13 pan with wax paper and sprayed it with nonstick cooking spray; Cool completely in pan, place large platter or cookie sheet on top of 9 X 13 pan and flip; carefully remove wax paper once cake is flipped. . .it really DOES work.) So easy and SO good!! Just love this dish. So easy and goes fast Have made several times.  Use more nuts. Goes fast. Make this recipe the day be4 every year for Thanksgiving and Christmas. It’s so good! Serve with Cool Whip or Whipping cream, though vanilla Icecream would be great if re-heated. I do suggest serving it the next day as it really firms up and is easier to slice and dish up. Someone brought this to an office potluck and I fell in love with it!   I've been making it  ever since and always get compliments on how delicious it is! I used a 1/4 cup less sugar—oh my gosh—I ama huge pumpkin pie fan, but I prefer this “cake” to pie!  It was a huge success! I love this recipe to make it  easier I bought a can of libbys pumpkin pie mix just have add eggs a evaporated milk per can instructions..also added a little more pumpkin pies spice!.. then I took 2 boxes of cream cheese 1 c sugar and 1 egg and made cream cheese filling and swirled it through the pumpkin pie mixture  then sprinkled the cake mix butter and nuts! delish! baked 55-60 mins and 350° I loved it!  my wife loved it!  my kids loved it!despite being simply delicious (the nuts are optional), this would be a great way to stretch the pumpkin pie-esque dessert at a family thanksgiving gathering.one note, cake mix companies have reduced the weight of their box mixes.  I used a 15.25 oz box and had great results. Definitely agree that 2 cans of pumpkin is needed. I cut back on butter and sugar but if I make again definitely will cut back on cake mix. crust was too thick and not enough filling
