Roasted Butternut Squash Soup with Apples and Bacon
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/185896/roasted-butternut-squash-soup-with-apples-and-bacon/
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Toss squash with olive oil in a large bowl until coated; season with salt and black pepper. Spread squash into a single layer on a baking sheet. Roast in the preheated oven until fork-tender and caramelized, 30 to 40 minutes, turning once. Cook bacon in a Dutch oven over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain on a paper towel-lined plate, reserving drippings in the Dutch oven. Add celery, carrots, onion, curry powder, thyme, bay leaf, salt, and black pepper to the Dutch oven; cook until celery and carrots are soft. Stir in apples and roasted squash; cook 5 minutes more. Stir in garlic and cook 1 minute more. Add apple cider. Reduce heat to medium-low and bring to a simmer; cook until reduced by half. Stir in chicken stock; simmer for 20 minutes. Fill blender halfway with soup or use an immersion blender. Cover and hold lid down with a dish towel; pulse a few times before leaving on to purée. Repeat with remaining soup in batches. If using a blender, don't fill the blender more than halfway. Always remove the center lid piece of a stand blender when blending hot liquids so steam can escape; cover the hole with a dish towel while blending. Stir nutmeg into soup. Garnish each serving with 1 tablespoon sour cream and some bacon pieces.
This soup is a little labor-intensive, but completely worth the time and effort. I didn't follow the directions exactly. I blended the bacon in with the vegetables, rather than using it just for the drippings and as a garnish. I added a little olive oil to the pan when sauteeing the celery and carrot. My partner can't eat onions so I omitted that and I don't miss it. I added nutmeg to the mix rather than as a garnish. I didn't strictly follow the timing of cooking the celery, apples, garlic, etc. because I was going to boil it down over several hours. This thick, creamy, comforting soup has a bouquet of flavors. The squash, then the bacon, then the apple, then the curry and spices and celery and carrot and garlic bloom on your tongue. Marvelous and complex. This soup could sell for $8/bowl in a snazzy restaurant. It's amazing! I'm serving it tonight with a garlic/cheddar/mozzarella/parmesan bread and pomegranate juice and some vanilla yogurt drizzled with melted seedless blackberry jam.  Oh, C’mon people! All those complaining about too much vinegar? READ the recipe, for crying out loud! Spoiler alert: there isn’t any. No vinegar. None. Amazing that you’d run to write a bad review before checking to see if you actually read the recipe right. Duh.This is a great recipe. I made a double batch and I’m gonna make another, even though I have two other excellent squash soup recipes. This was ssssooooo good,  I really enjoyed sharing it with my  house mates! The only change was one of necessity. I overestimated how much chicken broth I had on hand and so added more apple cider to make up the difference.Not only will I make it again, I’m sharing the recipe! As had been said before, very labor intensive and very vinegary. If I make it again, I will cut way down on the vinegar. I added more curry powder to season it up. Everyone loved this. I followed this exactly, EXCEPT, I did not fry my bacon hence no bacon grease. I used a couple of Tbs avocado oil to saute the veggies. Put bacon bits on when I served it. Very delicious Lovely and very simple. Delicious and will definitely make again. I’m often disappointed with soup recipes but this soup is absolutely sublime. I made a half batch which I regret because I’m taking it to a friends house for dinner and won’t have leftovers.  Didn’t have celery or apple cider but doubled up on carrots and used an extra apple (Pink Lady) and added another cup of homemade chicken stock. Made my own curry blend because I was too lazy to go to the store. This recipe seems  flexible but I wouldn’t omit any of the spices. They are spot on (I may add more next time) and give it lots of depth and complexity.  A great soup recipe that will get you rave reviews from your lucky eaters. Definitely use the sour cream and bacon. Divine! There is way too much apple cider vinegar in this recipe.   And I love vinegar...  I only added 3/4 cup apple cider vinegar (recipe calls for 1 cup) due to the reviews stating it was too vinegary, and it was still too much.  My guests had the same feedback.    Not sure I'd make this recipe again, but if I do I will only put 1/2 cup of ACV in...  also, there is no reminder in the recipe to remove the bay leaf before blending the soup.  I forgot and blended it right into the soup.  Probably not a huge deal, but I would have preferred removing it, and a reminder in the recipe would help. Absolutely delicious as is!  Yes, it is time-consuming, but SO worth it.  Next time, I'll use already cubed squash, onions, celery and carrots from the grocery store to save some time.  I used half the amount of curry and put the nutmeg in with the other spices instead of as a garnish. The original recipe calls for apple cider not apple cider vinegar.  I think it will taste better that way
