Amazing Hawaiian Chicken Chili
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/186016/amazing-hawaiian-chicken-chili/
Place the chicken breasts and barbecue sauce in a gallon-sized zip top bag and allow to marinate for 30 minutes in the refrigerator. Melt 1 tablespoon of butter in a large skillet placed over high heat, and add the chicken. Cook the chicken until it is browned and almost cooked through, about 5 minutes per side. Remove chicken from skillet, chop into 1 inch pieces, and place in the crock of a slow cooker. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon of butter in the skillet over medium-high heat, add the diced onion, garlic, and roasted red pepper, and cook and stir until the onion is softened, about 5 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste, chili powder, ancho chile powder, ground cumin, ground ginger, vanilla, and sugar. Cook, stirring, until blended, about 2 minutes. Transfer the mixture to the slow cooker. Drain the canned pineapple and reserve the fruit. Stir the pineapple juice, kidney beans, black beans, tomatoes, and chipotle salsa into the ingredients in the slow cooker and set the heat to High. Allow the chili to cook on High until it begins to bubble, about 20 minutes. Turn the slow cooker to Low and cook for 1 additional hour. Stir the reserved pineapple into the chili and continue to cook until the pineapple is warm, about 15 minutes. Salt and pepper the chili to taste and serve piping hot.
Alo-HA! great idea! just dumped everything including, frozen raw chicken ,into the slow cooker. used taco sauce instead of bbq sauce; we lllooovvee bbq sauce, but dr.colbert doesn't recommend it due to the high level of stealth sugar. used regular hot salsa, so we added paprika to give it more of a smoky flavor. next time, we'll add an additional can of pineapple tidbits with the juice. The prep time took longer than the directions said and after it was finally done we were not impressed. I will not be making this no time too soon. It was very good. I actually liked this more than I was expecting by the time it finished cooking. I did all the prep work in the weekend the day before and put it in a container in the fridge for my husband to throw into the slow cooker at lunchtime the next day. I came home to a lovely smelling house and the food wasn't too shabby either. I ate mine plain (trying to cut down the carbs where I can sacrifice them) while the hubby and kids has some on bread buns. Hubby agreed that it would go nicely over rice. Will make again. This recipe was surprisingly good.  We made it for a football party, doubled the recipe and it was not enough.  The name, "Amazing Hawaiian Chili" says it all!! I followed the idea of using taco sauce instead of bbq. It turned out pretty tasty, sweet and spicy. Very nice sweet spicy flavor profile, but too thick for our taste.  Used pineapple tidbits instead of chunks because I just can't imagine wanting to bite into that much pineapple at one time in a bowl of chili This was a great surprise!  We loved it!  Thanks for the recipe! I love this recipe and make it for football games when we are expecting guests. It is always super tasty and I get a ton of compliments. I even messed up one time and forgot to drain the beans, a little watery, but still excellent. Highly recommend Thank you for this great recipe. I have won 3 chili cook-offs with this. First place in all 3. I do not marinate the chicken, I just add the barbeque sauce to the chili. I also use crushed pineapple and I do not drain this. Love this recipe.
