Fried Mac and Cheese Balls
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/186033/fried-mac-and-cheese-balls/
Gather the ingredients. Fill a pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil over high heat. Stir in macaroni, and return to a boil. Cook, uncovered, stirring occasionally until macaroni is cooked through but still firm to the bite, about 7 minutes. Drain. Stir in butter, 1/4 cup milk, and cheese packet from the macaroni and cheese package. While macaroni is still hot, stir in Cheddar cheese, pimento cheese spread, and Italian cheese blend, and continue to stir until melted. Place the macaroni and cheese mixture into a container and refrigerate until firm, about 4 hours. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Remove the macaroni mixture from the refrigerator, and using a cookie scoop, scoop into balls. Place mac balls on the prepared baking sheet and freeze for at least 2 hours. Heat oil in a deep fryer or large saucepan to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Make a breading station: Whisk bread crumbs with paprika, chili powder, black pepper, sugar, salt, and cayenne in a shallow dish; set aside. Beat eggs with 3 tablespoons milk in a small bowl. Remove the mac balls from the freezer, coat in egg mixture, and then dredge in breading. Fry the mac balls in hot oil in small batches until golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Drain briefly on a paper towel-lined plate; serve hot.
You know it's so interesting to read about the frozen middles because it was the first thing that crossed my mind before I even started to make the recipe. This is what I did. I fried according to the recipe (about 3 minutes) and nuked them straight away (time depends on the power of your microwave - should only take a few seconds) So the frozen middle wasn't a problem for me. Now for what I think of these. They were good but for some reason I felt at first that I enjoyed my mac n' cheese more without all this extra effort. Although, I have to say...I started to really enjoy them later down the line! I had these with chicken nuggets for a quick lunch. Good recipe and I can see potential in changing the flavour to suit your personal taste by using different cheeses, etc. Thanks for sharing. Used flamin' hot Cheetos for bread crumbs. Love it! Unlike others, I didn't have a frozen middle, I don't know why. But it's a welcome surprise. I love it Used recipe as a guide...used both bread crumbs and Cheetos (ground in the food processor) for the coatings.. FYI.. let the sit out for 10-15 mins before hand to remove the icy center.. also I Fried them @325 for 8-10 mins. Drained on paper towels for a few mins....sooo good. I didn’t like the texture between crispy breadcrumbs and the pasta, but my wife loved these. Might try again with Parmesan breadcrumbs. I used provolone, cheddar, and a Mexican cheese blend instead of the cheeses called for. Didn’t refrigerate or freeze for the called for times either and they still came out well. As long as they are cooled until moldable and frozen until relatively solid you should be good to go before frying. A lot of work.. I only put in the freezer for an hour, so I didn't have the problem with the centers still being frozen.  They actually tasted better the next day when I reheated them in the oven.  Would make again. Very good, but want to try it with homemade Mac and cheese, felt a tiny bit artificial... Texture was exactly like our favorite restaurant’s! These are a little time consuming, but they were phenomenal. I changed a few things: adding seasoning to the mac and cheese before refrigerating, dredged in flour before the egg wash, and mixed panko with the bread crumbs.  I believe next time I will add chopped jalapeno in before refrigerating. So i read the reviews before making to ensure i get the best quality. I added A little gouda, garlic powder and salt and pepper to my cheese and mac mix and added garlic powder onion and onion powder to my crumb mix for extra flavor. I only refrigerated for an hour and freeze time definitely needs to be shortened! I froze mine for 45min and still they were to solid for the fryer. My oil was a tiny bit high, so i left them until browned then threw them in the oven at 350 for a good 5-10 minutes to ensure they were hot in the center. They came out perfectly and so incredibly delicious. Out of all the ones ive tried including restaurants you have to try these
