Buffalo Chicken Wraps
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/188473/buffalo-chicken-wraps/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat oil and butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat until butter melts. Add chicken; cook and stir until no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour hot sauce into the skillet and toss until chicken is coated. otdash Meredith Food Studio Lay tortillas out on a work surface. Divide sauced chicken evenly among tortillas. otdash Meredith Food Studio Top the chicken with lettuce and celery, then drizzle blue cheese dressing over top. otdash Meredith Food Studio Fold in tortilla sides and roll around filling. Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
This has got to be one of hubby's favorite meals. I make a buffalo sauce with 1/4 cup of melted butter and about 1/3 cup of hot sauce, and then season the sauce with some cracked pepper and garlic powder. Top it with lettuce, tomatoes, shredded cheese (preferably monterey jack), and ranch dressing and I have a happy husband. I'm not a fan of tons of blue cheese so I used ranch dressing and mozzarella cheese. With MMOH modifications Super easy and really good! Quick and clean, without the mess of deep frying. I made this for the grandsons. They loved it. Have to admit I cheated and used cooked chicken tenders from the deli. A very simple and easy recipe that is very tasty. It works great on a budget and with little time on your hands This was everything it promised to be, a good, quick and easy light lunch. I made this just as directed, but can easily be tweaked to suit a personal taste. I will be making these again. Thank you! Speaking as a fan of buffalo sauce in general, this is a great recipe. I used a 12 oz bag of Quorn-brand meatless pieces and Sweet Baby Ray's Buffalo Wing Sauce as the key ingredients. Instead of celery I added green onion to my portion of romaine lettuce. I also added chopped garlic to the "meat" during the last couple minutes of cooking. I fully expect I'll use this recipe again. I made this but I made it too early for dinner and put it in the oven to keep it warm... don’t do that and it’s fine... cooked lettuce is gross... before that it’s amazing though!!!
