Turkey and Stuffing Casserole
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/18864/turkey-and-stuffing-casserole/
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). In a large bowl, combine the stuffing crumbs, sage, celery and chicken broth, and then set aside. Place the celery soup and the chicken soup into two separate bowls and add 1/2 of a soup can of water to each. Stir these well and set aside. Sprinkle 1/3 of the stuffing crumb mixture into the bottom of a lightly greased 9x13-inch baking dish. Then layer with 1/2 of the shredded turkey meat and pour the celery soup mixture over this. Sprinkle another 1/3 of the crumb mixture over this, followed by the remaining turkey. Pour the chicken soup mixture over this and top off with the remaining stuffing mixture. Drizzle the melted butter over all and press the entire mixture down into the dish until firmly packed. Bake at 425 degrees F (220 degrees C) for 20 to 30 minutes.
Great recipe. Thank you. I substituted the cream of celery for cream of mushroom and once with cream of chicken depending upon my taste at the time. Came out great both ways. Try this you'll love it .. Great for Holiday leftovers. Aadne This is always great! I love it and my son loves it. This definitely could replace our traditional turkey dinner at thanksgiving. We layered it with mashed potatoes and top it off with turkey gravy. Really a great meal! Very good! I didn't have cream of celery, so I replaced that with cream of mushroom. I did the cream of chicken. I had leftover turkey drippings so I used that instead of the chicken broth. I made my own "stuffing" by drying some sliced wheat bread that I had cubed; I put an Italian spice blend with basil and sage on it, and dash of salt. It turned out great! Very good Added dried cranberries and only used cream of chicken soup.  In the oven now yummo It was  easy to prepare and inexpensive to make. I used Stove Top stuffing. The sage was overwhelming, I’ll try 1/2 teaspoon next time. I thought it was a bit dry, so suggest serving with turkey gravy on the side. We also had cranberry sauce, so it tasted like Thanksgiving dinner  Thank you for sharing I made it with grocery store rotisserie chicken. the flavor was great but the casserole was a little too mushy.(My boyfriend called it 'gruel".) I added microwaved chopped frozen broccoli to the leftovers and it help give it some texture Very good comfort food. Only had stovetop stuffing so used 2 boxes low sodium. Only had cream of mushroom so used 2 cans. Used water instead of stock and filled each empty soup can with water. Then added another half soup can of wine and whisked the liquid mixture. Sauteed an onion and mixed into first box of stuffing. Layered stuffing then all turkey and liquid then second box of stuffing and topped with remaining liquid and melted butter. With the stovetop stuffing already seasoned I didn't add any spices or salt and it was very flavorful. This is a very easy and moist recipe that everyone liked. Served cranberry sauce and a green veg on the side. Left me the perfect amount of time to roast green beans almondine while the turkey cooked. The 45 min to prep and serve this meal seemed rather quick for  the  final presentation which was very nice . Have made this twice and will continue.
