Easy Tuna Casserole
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/18871/easy-tuna-casserole/
Gather the ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Combine cooked macaroni, tuna, and condensed soup together in a 9x13-inch baking dish; sprinkle with cheese. Bake in the preheated oven until bubbly, about 25 minutes. Sprinkle with fried onions; bake 5 minutes more.
Great recipe but I'm completely in agreement with the review and comments by, "ChgoFoodieGal". And in that spirit I made some changes to the recipe. For the macaroni I substituted flour, baking soda and baking powder. For the tuna I substituted eggs. For the onions I substituted oil. For the cheese I substituted buttermilk. I ended up with a batter that I cooked on a hot griddle and ended up with pancakes. But it was a great tuna casserole recipe! ;~} Honestly, making a minor change to a recipe you're reviewing is one thing but most of these reviews have changed so many ingredients that I don't see why they bother to review it. It kind of misses the point of posting recipes with specific ingredients, doesn't it? This recipe is either good as it is, (or with a minor modification) or it isn't.  I didn't have cream of chicken. I added a can of cream of mushroom and a can of cream of celery (Full box of pasta). *2 cans of tuna. My husband was never a fan of Tuna casserole. Tonight he had a 2nd serving :) He said this recipe is a keeper! Quick & easy with standard pantry ingredients. This is a great recipe. I did add two cans of cream of mushroom 1/2 cup of milk sharp cheddar cheese in the mixture as well as on top and peas. II also only had short macaroni noodles but they work out fine. Family loved it. The French fried onions really gave it nice texture! Made as is but with cream of celery soup since I didn't have cream of chicken. I used egg noodles. I also added a small can of mushrooms. This is a keeper! I have not made this but my gut tells me that 3 cups of macaroni with only one can of soup would be way too much macaroni. It would be dry as a bone. I make mine with only one cup of macaroni a tin of cream of mushroom soup, a drained can of peas and lots of grated cheese. I also put panko on the top and quite often slice a tomato over the cheese first, lots of pepper and then put dobs of butter on top of the panko...mmmm it is GOOD...but I think this recipe sounds awful. I have not tried the fried onions but that might be a nice touch so I may try and add that to my own recipe just for something different. Tasty! Used 2 cans of tuna, 1 can soup can of milk and added some American cheese. My family loved it! A classic meal much improved since I was a kid. My husband and I added some heat with some Sriracha! A keeper for sure. This recipe is delicious. I wholeheartedly Disagree with ChgoFoodieGal and Hobbesmom's comments. I love to read modifications to recipes as I am a beginning cook and like to get creative and interesting ideas on how I can change recipes and make them even better. Thats what this website is about .....right? My substitutes were I used 1 cup of milk, 2 cans of tuna , a can of cream of chicken soup, a pinch of onion and garlic powder, a pinch of pepper, and after it was all stirred together I put about two cups of cheddar cheese on top I sprinkled some Italian breadcrumbs over it. I also used a smaller pyrex dish not a 9x13 one as the noodles seem to spread to thin over the glass and did not cover the bottom completly. It came out a 10 !! Wonderful recipe. My husband and I ate the whole thing ....no leftovers!! Next time I may add a little more cheddar cheese and forget the italian breadcrumbs. Dont get too carried away with seasoning, mine turned out perfect but it could have been easy to go overboard with the garlic and onion powders.  Very good, quick and easy! Also kid friendly, which is essential around here. I've cooked it as written, and it's simple and yum. I sometimes add in sauteed onions, celery, and carrots; because the little one eats his veggies that way. I usually also add 1 tablespoon of garlic powder. Thanks much! Busy moms sometimes need simplicity! This was great! My husband raved! I tried to keep the recipe simple, but made the following changes...I used whole wheat penne noodles (allow a bit longer cooking time), cream of chicken soup with herbs and two cans of tuna. Mmmmm! My husband and I really liked this especially the addition of the french onions. I used 1/2 can Roasted Garlic Mushroom Soup, 1/2 can Cream of Chicken. American Cheese instead of Cheddar and 2 cans of tuna. Thanks for everyone's suggestions! I made this for a lenten Friday dinner. To make it truely meat free, I used 1 can cream of onion soup, and 1 can cream of celary soup. I used 1 pouch (6oz) of tuna packed in water. I dumped it into a bowl and patted it dry with paper towels. I also added a can of drained peas and carrots. I did not have french fried onions for on top. I baked in a sprayed 7x11 glass dish. It turned out very good. I used 2C uncooked rotennie (springs) pasta that I parboiled for about 5 minutes. The left overs are not 'fishy'. This was a perfect and easy receipe. We added peas because my husband wanted me to and it's just as good I also added albacore tuna. Thankyou This was a very good basic recipe. I made a few minor changes. 4 cups macaroni, 1 Tbsp Dijon mustard, 1 can of peas, 2 cups cheese, with some garlic, red pepper flakes. Okay maybe it's a few more than a little change but really I could not have done it without this basic recipe. I overthink everything so thank you so much for posting this and giving me the tools to make a dish my family will love. 😋 Missing a liquid like maybe MILK!!!! Awesome! Very flavorful, delish! I added peas and carrots, and some garlic powder, and used panko crumbs rather than crispy onions This was just horrible. It came out super salty and didn't taste good at all. It one of the few things I've ever made that was so bad we didn't eat it. I don't know what is wrong with this recipe so I'll have to compare it to others to figure out what might have gone wrong, but something is very wrong. Excellent as is. We do usually add a can of sweet corn as well. I think it is a great recipe and I have used it for years. However, I usually add a can or half of a can of peas -which I see peaking out of this recipe though not listed in the ingredients. very good -  will make again !
