Real Italian Calzones
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/18874/real-italian-calzones/
Make dough: Dissolve yeast in warm water in a mixing bowl; let sit until foamy, about 5 minutes. Add 1 tablespoon oil, sugar, and salt; mix in 1 cup flour until smooth. Gradually stir in remaining flour until dough is smooth and workable. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Knead dough until it is elastic, about 5 minutes. Place 1 teaspoon olive oil in a large bowl; lay dough in the bowl and flip to coat with oil. Cover and let rise until almost doubled in size, about 40 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Meanwhile, make the filling: Combine Cheddar cheese, ricotta cheese, pepperoni, mushrooms, and basil leaves in a medium bowl. Mix well, cover, and refrigerate to chill. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease a baking sheet. Punch down dough; divide into 2 equal pieces. Roll each piece out on a lightly floured surface into 1/8-inch-thick circles. Fill each circle with 1/2 of the cheese and meat filling. otdash Meredith Food Studio Fold dough over filling to make a semicircle. Press edges down with the tines of a fork to seal. Brush the top of each calzone with beaten egg and place on the prepared baking sheet. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, about 30 minutes. Serve hot.
This was a good recipe. It does need a few adjustments. The recipe should state that the yeast should proof first. I dissolved the sugar in the water with the yeast and let it sit for ten minutes. I didn't use the same toppings, I used ground ham, spinach, a little mozarella, mushrooms and of course ricotta, which makes a "real Italian Calzone, and for a little extra yum, a dash or two of Italian dressing, but the dough was great for calzone. Very chewy and beautiful coloring. I made 4 calzones out of this but cut them in half, so next time I will make 8 small ones. Also it took only 20 minutes when I used my pizza stone, so time should be adjusted for the size of individual servings. Next time I will deep fry them.  Simple enough to make Great recipe. If you like them super stuffed then increase filings by 50 percent. I added cubed ham and orange pepper. My granddaughter and I made these in preparation for Father’s Day for my son. They are really good I used vegan pie dough first, then the second time I used vegan plain dough.  The vegan pie dough baked/cooked a little faster than the regular plain vegan dough. I used veganized Cheddar cheese, pepperoni,  tofu  ricotta cheese.  I used nutritional yeast instead of the active dry yeast.  Vegan  white sugar was used.  1 large egg, beaten was done using an egg replacer the first time I made it.  The second time I made it I used my vegan version of egg whites and my vegan version of egg yolks to replace the egg. I used pure bottle water and just warmed it up for this recipe. I made the dough as instructed, but used honey instead of sugar.  My filling was much different however.  I used ricotta, parmesan and mozzarella pearls for the cheeses.  Added to that was diced pepperoni, cooked Italian sausage, mushrooms and olives.  Used jarred marinara for the dipping sauce.   Also made 4 smaller calzones instead of 2 jumbo ones.  The dough is a real keeper!  I had a different calzone recipe, and the dough for that one wasn't nearly as good.  It's a little bit of work for a week night, but definitely worth it! We loved it but the crust needs to be thinner next time and also more flaky.  But we thoroughly enjoyed the recipe and flavor! I recently tried the homemade calzone recipe, and it was an absolute hit! The step-by-step guide made the process easy, even for someone like me who's not a seasoned chef. Made it similar to  the recipe although this one screams to be made with whatever fillings you like. Like her tutorial, I used whole milk mozzarella and added a  bit of provolone for some tang and stretchiness. No cheddar. I'm not sure why one would use cheddar in an Italian recipe like this one. I added spicy sausage and olives. I used the dough recipe as well and just mixed it on the dough setting in my bread machine. It turned out great! I made 2 like the recipe says and sent an un-baked one over to my neighbor. I hope they enjoy like I did...
