Easy 5-Ingredient Salmon
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/189058/super-simple-salmon/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir garlic powder, basil, and salt together in a small bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Rub the mixture evenly over salmon. otdash Meredith Food Studio Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add salmon and cook until browned and flaky, about 5 minutes per side. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve salmon with lemon wedges. otdash Meredith Food Studio
This was a very tasty way to prepare Salmon! I added just a couple things when fixing mine: I used sea salt instead of regular salt, and used a little less than the recipe called for, and also added a chopped up clove of garlic to the butter in the saucepan. I allowed the butter and garlic to simmer a few minutes before added the filets. It was delicious! **I used a lb. of Salmon and had to double the ingredients to have enough for all three filets. What a delightful meal. Healthy, very tasty and nutritious. My family absolutely loved it. Very good. I used the ingredients as stated. Was concerned about adding the salt due to warnings,  however the taste was perfect. I cut the salmon into 3 pieces, and  I only cooked them for 4 minutes each side.   The thinner pieces came out just right, the fattest piece wasn't quite done. Obviously time needs to be adjusted based on how thick your piece is. The butter gave it a nice crust. Keeping this recipe for sure. This was the best salmon I've ever prepared! I didn't have regular honey. All I had in the pantry was sugar-free honey and Steen's Cane Syrup. I used the sugar-free honey, and it was still fantastic! I will try it next time with the Steen's, and I'll stir in some pineapple tidbits. This was SO good! Awesome and easy with spices I always have on hand. Loved how speedy the preparation. I had most of the ingredients; missing the basil and lemon wedges. Would have been better with both missing ingredients. very good, but I cooked with skin on, skin side down 1st until crisp..turn and cook just until you can see a bit of opaqueness on top and bottom but still pink in middle!  So completely delicious…not flaky and dry at all ❤️. Most fish cooked this way is wonderful BUT Salmon reigns supreme for us‼️ This was a great, extremely simple salmon preparation. I removed the skin from the fillets and added the seasoning to both sides. Cooked in a cast iron skillet, which made the salmon nice and crispy on the outside. Served with a Caesar salad. It really doesn't need any modifications, but if I want a little heat next time, I might add a touch of cayenne pepper or hot Hungarian paprika.
