Awesome and Easy Creamy Corn Casserole
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/18906/awesome-and-easy-creamy-corn-casserole/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9x9-inch baking dish. Mix whole and creamed corn, cornbread mix, sour cream, melted butter, and eggs together in a medium bowl until well combined. Spoon mixture into the prepared dish. Bake in the preheated oven until the top is golden brown and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 45 minutes.
I have been making this for a solid 5 years and has been a hit everytime! But I always add something green, usually chopped green onions and place 4-5 stalk on top befor baking to make it visually appealing. You can also add chopped can chiles or diced pimentos (in a jar) for great color. And using low fat sour cream tastes exactly the same too. But after 5 years, and using 3 different ovens, this dish always takes about 50-55 min. to bake, not 45 min. Can also make ahead and refridgerate before you need to bake, just let it sit at room temperature for at least 30-45 min. Great for making ahead for a dinner party. Be sure to print out recipes because you will get asked! Best birthday cake ever. We love this corn casserole  I added a can of Southwest corn instead of plain corn.  Adds a lot of spicy flavor  Serve with chili!  Delicious! Many years ago, I had a corn casserole at a potluck supper, it was delicious. I have made a few over the years but never liked them. I came across this recipe, as I am not a real fan of corn bread, I used half corn bread and half yellow cake mix. It turned out perfect, love it. Will be making this again. Super easy to make! I use gluten free mix for family members, and you can't really taste the difference.I also add a 1 or 2 tbsps of sugar,and an extra egg. Sooooo good. Everyone always wants me to make it for every get together I've made this several times and always a crowd pleaser.  It always takes 55 min not 45. This is easy and always a family favorite. We love it!
