Green Punch
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/18940/green-punch/
Gather the ingredients. LLRECIPES / JULIA HARTBEC Dissolve gelatin in 1 quart of hot water in a large saucepan; allow to cool. LLRECIPES / JULIA HARTBEC When gelatin is cool, pour into a large punch bowl. Stir in pineapple juice, orange juice concentrate, sugar, and 4 ½  cups cold water. LLRECIPES / JULIA HARTBEC Pour in ginger ale just before serving. LLRECIPES / JULIA HARTBEC
This was a huge hit at my Halloween party, but it was a little too sweet for me. I'd cut the sugar by at least half. My kids thought it was too much pineapple and I thought the color was off. I think next time I'll use limeade instead of orange juice and cut back on the pineapple juice a little. I personally thought it was delicious, just disappointing in vibrance. This is such a fun punch for special events, parties or St Patrick's Day. Going to make it for Halloween, but add in a few floating gummy snakes for extra spooky effect! I needed something nonalcoholic for an Eagles party and this was perfect! My guests loved it. I added a few drops of green food coloring to amp up the color. Giving it a 4 instead of 5 stars because of the 2 cups of sugar issue - I skipped the additional sugar completely  and it truly DOESN'T need it. I wonder if the original composer of the recipe was using unsweetened components to build the punch. SKIP the sugar; if you're using standard jello, juices, and soda, it's plenty sweet. Delicious recipe! I followed direction, except did not add sugar.  It didn't need the extra - was perfectly sweet. Will definitely make again! I made this for my son’s superhero themed birthday party and labeled it “Hulk Punch”. It was good but very sweet. I have been making this for years, and it is a request for every event we have. Everyone loved this punch!  I did not add sugar or the cold water after reading some reviews and I'm glad I didn't. It was perfect without it. Made this for Saint Patrick's day, omitted all sugar and it was still a tad sweet. But was a huge hit so there's that! Made it and adults where using it as a mixer while kids where (obviously) drinking it virgin. Everyone liked it! Made this for Halloween and it disappeared. Everyone loved it. Only used 1/4 cup of sugar. Added about 1.5 cups of malibu rum for the adult version. Also used ice instead of water to keep it cold.
