Homemade Banana Pudding
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/18990/banana-pudding-i/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine sugar, flour, and salt together in a medium saucepan. Add eggs and stir well. Stir in milk, and cook over low heat, stirring constantly. otdash Meredith Food Studio When the mixture has thickened enough to coat the back of a metal spoon, remove from heat and continue to stir, cooling slightly. Stir in butter and vanilla until smooth. otdash Meredith Food Studio Layer pudding with bananas and vanilla wafers in a serving dish. otdash Meredith Food Studio Chill at least 1 hour in the refrigerator before serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I really liked this easy recipe, all the ingredients on hand. The only thing I was disappointed about was the size of the dish I made it in. Be sure to use only an 8x8 or a 8x10 dish. I used a 9x13 dish and the pudding was only about 1/2 inch deep. I was so disappointed. Next time I will just double the recipe for a 9x13. Otherwise, very good. Very easy to make. Taste delicious Mines came out perfect as usual, this is my third time making banana pudding using to recipe an it never failed. The key to this is stirring at almost every step. Whisk dry ingredients in the pan you plan on cooking in, incorporate the beaten eggs with out heat and slowly add the milk once it's mixed then turn on heat. It took 25 min to thicken up but I didn't have lumps like others did and it tasted great and made an even better banana pudding. You better believe it when the directions say to stir constantly. I only went to get my phone for the rest of the recipe and it was too late. The flour clumps quickly. Lesson learned. The box pudding is easier but I wanted to try making my own. No changes made and hubby thinks it’s one of the best he’s had in a long time. However, I did struggle to get the consistency right. After stirring for 45-min and increasing the temp ever so slowly to force it to thicken, I gave up. It did thicken a little more after it cooled but never quite enough.I think the homemade flavor is much better than packaged pudding so I’ll try again someday. Not sure what happened. I followed the directions to a T and mine came out really thin and clumpy. I’m scared to even try it because it does NOT look right. I’m SO disappointed, I’ve been looking forward to this forever. Ugh 😩 . Idk what I did wrong or how when I did it exactly as written!
