Miso and Soy Chilean Sea Bass
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/190094/miso-and-soy-chilean-sea-bass/
Whisk together sake, mirin, miso paste, brown sugar, and soy sauce in a bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place sea bass fillets in a large resealable plastic bag; pour marinade over fillets. Chill in the refrigerator for 3 to 6 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven's broiler and set the oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source. Prop the oven door to remain slightly ajar. Arrange fillets on a baking sheet; discard marinade. otdash Meredith Food Studio Broil sea bass in the preheated oven until fish flakes easily with a fork, 7 to 9 minutes. Sprinkle with chopped green onions to serve. otdash Meredith Food Studio
UPATE 2: I tried this recipe on wild cod filets and it is by far the BEST choice of fish. If you don't get to marinade it for 3 hrs, it's OK. Just save the marinade and cook it into a sauce aferwards. I now like to place it on the top rack of the oven and broil it for 10-12 minutes or until it's done. This method is better than baking which also takes a longer time. But you will need to make sure it doesn't burn. This recipe has become one of my favorite!!!UPDATE 1: I used this recipe again on halibut filet. It was just as tasty. I got to marinade the fish for 4 hours, but still kept the marinade and cooked it into a sauce. And the sauce made a difference. Cook time for the halibut was also around 20-25 minutes baked at 400 degree. ------- EXCELLENT marinate!!! I had a grilled fish dish at a Japanese restaurant last week and this marinade tastes just like it! My hubby who hates cooked fish enjoyed this too. We got frozen sea bass, so it might taste a bit fishy, this marinade really helps to reduce the fishy taste. The reason why I gave this a 4-stars is the sea bass isn't fully cooked at 400 degree for 7-9 minutes. It really took me 20 something minutes with baking instead of broiled and checked it by poking a fork through. I didn't have time to marinate it for 3-6 hrs, so I only marinaded it for an hour and cooked the marinaded for dipping. It was really good. Whoa!!! I was not prepared for how absolutely fantastic this recipe was going to turn out!!! Literally amazing as written. I did not change one thing at all, just marinated my sea bass overnight because I like flavorful food. It was phenomenal. Tasted just like the miso flavor of the Miso Salmon I order at Cheesecake Factory, which happens to be my favorite. I cooked the sea bass on medium heat on top of the stove covered for about 10 mins constantly spooning some of the extra sauce over it and when it was pretty much done, I put the fish inside of the oven on broil for about 6 minutes to give it a nice crispy crust. I made white rice and Brussel sprouts to pair with it . Wonderful. I made extra marinade and have salmon in the fridge marinading in it at the moment. Going to try it tmrw and see how it turns out. Excited! This was quite good - I especially like the simplicity of this recipe, yet so elegant. It is quite a bargain to buy and prepare your own Chilean Sea Bass rather than ordering it at a restaurant. I wouldn’t change a thing. Very easy to make once you have the ingrediants.  Very tasty and gluten free. Super easy to make and turns out very tasty! Great one. We had this dish at one of fancy restaurants. So glad I am able to make it myself at home Great Recipe. I have made this twice and tried it with Sea Bass, regular Cod and Salmon. Only lesson would be to allow 6+ hours for marinating, especially if using the Sea Bass or Cod. Very delicious! I followed the recipe exactly and marinated for 6 hours. Definitely good suggestions to save the marinade, cook it down and drizzle on top. I had some thick pieces, so cook time ended up being about 25 minutes.  Doing this again tomorrow with guests coming over. Plan to sous vide for an hour at 135F after marinating, then finish in oven on broil until there’s a nice brown char on top. I’ll need to marinate over night this time, hope that’s not too long!EDIT:  Removed from marinade and vacuum sealed after 11 hours. Put in fridge. Saved marinade. Played golf. Sous vide for 1 hour at 135F.  Removed from bag, put on baking pan. Broiled for about 2 minutes, about 6 inches from heat, until brown. Heated saved marinade, put 2 tablespoons on top of each piece. Very very delicious!
