Baked Ziti Primavera
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/190199/baked-ziti-primavera/
Preheat an oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil over high heat. Once the water is boiling, stir in the ziti, and return to a boil. Cook the pasta uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the pasta has cooked through, but is still firm to the bite, about 8 minutes. Drain well in a colander set in the sink. Rinse with cold water to stop the cooking process. Transfer to a large roasting pan. Whisk together 1 jar of spaghetti sauce and the ricotta cheese in a large bowl. Add to the pasta and stir. Place the spinach in the bowl of a food processor; blend until finely chopped; remove and set aside. Then place the carrots in the food processor and process until finely chopped. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook the chopped carrots in the hot oil until they begin to soften, about 2 minutes. Stir in the zucchini, portobello mushrooms, button mushrooms, and garlic; cook and stir until the zucchini is soft, about 4 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in the chopped spinach, tomatoes, and 2 tablespoons Italian seasoning; drain. Add to the ziti and mix. Sprinkle about 1/2 the bag of the Italian cheese blend over the pasta and stir through. Pour in the 3 remaining jars of spaghetti sauce; stir until the pasta and vegetables are evenly coated. Season with 2 tablespoons Italian seasoning, salt, and pepper; mix. Cover the pan with aluminum foil. Bake in the preheated oven until completely heated through, 1 to 1 1/2 hours. Remove the foil and sprinkle the remaining cheese over the dish. Return dish to oven and bake until the cheese melts and begins to brown, about 10 minutes more.
I made this as a smaller dish and it came out great. I didn't have mushrooms, so I increased the other veggies. Used homemade spaghetti sauce. I will make this again and possibly add more seasoning. Good recipe Delicious! This dish has big flavor, despite the seeming lack of spices in the ingredients list. I did cut back on the Italian seasoning by about half, and added more pepper and a healthy pinch of salt instead. To get that “bite”, i topped the dish with ~1/4 cup of Parmesan cheese in the last ten minutes, along with the recommended half bag of Italian cheese. It was divine! My wife is a vegetarian and so is my 2 year old son so I found this baked ziti recipe to try and liked that it was healthier than just your typical baked ziti with just sauce & cheese. Here is what I changed-  I halfed the pasta just one box (and use Barilla's protein plus penne) , omitted the carrots, added 1 onion, doubled the garlic,  Instead of using Italian seasoning, I added 3 tablespoon fresh basil & 1 teaspoon oregano.  doubled the ricotta cheese, added I cup shaved parmesan cheese on top. I used regular mozzarella instead of Italian cheese blend. ( I don't know how 2 boxes of pasta would've fit it barely all fir in the baking dish as it was with one box.)  I ended up sautéing the veggies longer so I only had to bake it for 45 min. I thought 1 1/2 hours seemed to long anyways. The family loved it! It was a big hit! This was good!  I did make a few changes, reduced the recipe to 3 servings as it's just 2 of us.  I ended up using a 26oz jar of pasta sauce which is more than the recipe calls for, but we really like our pasta saucy.  I also added a little more ricotta cheese, just because!  Sautéed onions and cooked those with the carrots.  I also added more onion powder, garlic powder, basil and oregano because the pasta sauce I had on hand was a little bland.  Do not over boil the noodles, I was busy prepping other things that I didn't take it out of the boiling water right away and my noodles were too tender! I thought it was fairly bland. Could you use any more dishes is this recipe?? Load a full dishwasher after dinner... That aside, maybe I'm not made for vegetarianism, because this was.only okay. Certainly not something I'll try again. It needed more cheese, and I did do this scaled down to 12 serving. This is so good! I split my final product (pre-baking) into two casserole dishes. This way i was able to take one to a party, and save one for another day!  I just threw it in the fridge and it baked up beautifully two days later. It might even taste a little better too, because all the flavors have had a chance to mingle together. This is such an awesome recipe! Everyone asked me for my secret... haha Very good pasta dish even after tweaking the amounts to a reasonable serving size.  I will probably work on it a little more, but will definitely have it again! I made this as a smaller dish and it came out great.  I didn't have mushrooms, so I increased the other veggies.  Used homemade spaghetti sauce.  I will make this again and possibly add more seasoning.
