Spicy Tuna Sushi Roll
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/190943/spicy-tuna-sushi-roll/
Bring the rice, water, and vinegar to a boil in a saucepan over high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the rice is tender, and the liquid has been absorbed, 20 to 25 minutes. Let stand, covered, for about 10 minutes to absorb any excess water. Set rice aside to cool. Lightly mix together the tuna, mayonnaise, chili powder, and wasabi paste in a bowl, breaking the tuna apart but not mashing it into a paste. To roll the sushi, cover a bamboo sushi rolling mat with plastic wrap. Lay a sheet of nori, rough side up, on the plastic wrap. With wet fingers, firmly pat a thick, even layer of prepared rice over the nori, covering it completely. Place about 1 tablespoon each of diced cucumber, carrot, and avocado in a line along the bottom edge of the sheet, and spread a line of tuna mixture alongside the vegetables. Pick up the edge of the bamboo rolling sheet, fold the bottom edge of the sheet up, enclosing the filling, and tightly roll the sushi into a thick cylinder. Once the sushi is rolled, wrap it in the mat and gently squeeze to compact it tightly. Cut each roll into 6 pieces, and refrigerate until served.
For another tuna twist try substituting the spicy tuna with shoyu tuna--take 1 can drained tuna and add 3 tbs sugar and 4 tbs soy sauce and heat until the tuna absorbs all of the liquid. Gross. Simply gross. Without fresh raw tuna, it's horrid. Sorry. I'm a huge sushi fan and this isn't sushi. We have used this recipe several times, except we use salmon instead of tuna (farmed salmon is more environmentally conscience).  Very good! Is only marginally OK. Canned tuna is just not the way to go for a tuna sushi roll. The rice is also not done in the traditional matter. The sauce for the rice should be made separately and not done when cooking the rice. Makes THE BEST spicy tuna rolls ever! Although i did make some variations to the recipe. I did not use the carrots. I also did not use canned tuna I used fresh raw tuna (it tastes much better). Chili powder was a nice touch! TIP: did NOT over stuff the roll. yummmm As this was my first time making sushi, I was quite impressed with myself. However, as a sushi connoisseur I thought this was just okay. Maybe it was the tuna from a can or maybe it's because I thought it was a tad too dry. I feel like you needed more mayo and spiciness to mix in with the tuna. I bought a little container of spicy sauce from Wegman's in the pre-made sushi section. I was 99 cents if I remember correctly. I put a little dollop of this on each piece and it SO improved the taste. I had really high hopes for this recipe since my husband and I are big sushi fans, especially any spicy rolls.  However, this did not taste like restaurant spicy tuna.  Instead, I tasted each part (chili powder, tuna, wasabi) instead of the sum of the parts: Spicy tuna.  The tuna was dry, as noted by other reviewers and somewhat fishy.  To the rice, I added a bit of salt and sugar and it was great... but not good enough to fix the tuna.  Sorry. Mmmmmmmm! Spicy! For another tuna twist try substituting the spicy tuna with shoyu tuna--take 1 can drained tuna and add 3 tbs sugar and 4 tbs soy sauce and heat until the tuna absorbs all of the liquid. This was descent, it was a little fishy tasting, but it was ok.  I made too much sushi for dinner and had some leftovers for lunch the next day.  I actually think this one tasted better the next day.  The tuna seemed a lttle dry, maybe more mayo?  I used the pouched white tuna as recommended by a couple of reviews.
