Marshmallow Popcorn Balls
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/19154/marshmallow-popcorn-balls/
Grease a 9x13-inch baking dish with cooking spray; set aside. Heat oil in a 4-quart saucepan over high heat. Add popcorn kernels to hot oil. Cover the pan and cook until popping ceases, shaking the pot occasionally. Remove from heat and pour popcorn into the prepared dish. Melt butter in a medium saucepan over low heat. Cook and stir marshmallows in hot butter until melted. Pour marshmallow mixture over popcorn, then use a spoon to mix thoroughly until evenly coated. Allow mixture to cool enough to handle. Spray your hands with cooking spray. Shape popcorn with your hands into 8 equal balls.
These were FANTASTICALLY EASY!! I'm the Queen of Short Cuts so here's my take- I made them according to the directions, but added about 1/4 t. of Mexican vanilla to the Marshmallows while melting in the butter. (QUICK NOTE* 1/2 CU OF UNPOPPED POPCORN = about 4 QTS POPPED CORN). I had to use microwave popcorn, and that little fact was not printed out on the bags. I used LITE BUTTER FLAVOR. PICK OUT THE UNPOPPED KERNELS NEXT! I poured the popped popcorn into a large lightly sprayed (with Pam) pot to mix with the melted marshmallow mixutre. MUCHO EASIER to stir together in a deep pot then in the cake pan with low sides! After mixing well I dumped that into a lightly Pam sprayed 13x9 cake pan. I laid a sheet of wax paper over the pan, and gently tapped the mixture out (but not too tight or it squishes the fluff out of it). I squished a Hershey's Kiss into the center of a few to see how it held. It stuck well, and looked great. Then, I cooled it for about 30 min, and cut into 25 squares so instead of 8 whompin' sized popcorn balls it produced enough to feed at least 20 hungry goblins..lol. I've since added M&Ms to them when stirring it all up,and they were also inhaled!Yes, I dirtied a second pan, but it was far easier to wash the second pot then try to stir that huge mixture in such a small pan with 2" sides. Love this recipe.  I added some candied fruit and vanilla for additional flavour.  Next time I would add extra marshmallow, probably 2 cups extra I really wasn't sure if  marshmallows were used in popcorn balls, so this recipe was wonderful!  I just finished cleaning up and I had sticky everywhere, but I don't mind, as long as they taste good, that's what matters! I didn't put anything other than popcorn and food coloring. I did venture from your recipe, I made about 4 times the recipe of the liquid to two  parts popcorn.  I'm selling them.  Thank you!!! great recipe I followed “Dung Beetle’s suggestion and added 1/4 cup of vanilla and used 16 cups of lightly buttered microwave popcorn. I mixed mini m&m’s and Reese’s pieces in some of them. They were fantastic either way! Yummy popcorn balls! Easy to make. These popcorn balls  Are the perfect sweetness. They taste delicious and are very easy to make! They are one of the delicious highlights for a party! Turned out great. We added some orange food coloring and 2Tbsp of peanut butter and they still turned out perfect! Great for a class Halloween party. Super easy and delicious! I added m&m when mixing at end when it's a little cooler. YUm
