Vegan Pancakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/191885/vegan-pancakes/
Sift flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt into a large bowl; make a well in the center. Whisk together water and oil in a small bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour oil and water into flour mixture. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir just until blended; mixture will be lumpy. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat a lightly oiled griddle over medium-high heat. Drop batter by large spoonfuls onto the griddle. Cook until bubbles form and edges are dry. Flip, then cook until bottoms are browned, 1 to 2 minutes. Repeat with remaining batter. otdash Meredith Food Studio otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve with berries. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
I tried this recipe this morning for my son and I and they were wonderful!! I especially loved the fact that the ingredients were things I already had in my pantry. No "fancy" ingredients that I would have to substitute. But, I did use 1 cup rice milk and 1/4 cup water instead of 1 1/4 cup water. I found that spreading the batter evenly with the back of a spoon really enabled the pancakes to cook evenly and not stay uncooked in the center. Wonderful recipe. And to the reviewer who stated that just because this was a good vegan subtitute for "normal pancakes" that it wasn't worth 5 stars, I would like to disagree. I don't think a regular buttermilk pancake is 5 star cuisine. I feel that vegan recipes are just just as good, if not better than "regular" food. They are much kinder to your health, the planet, and the animals who would have suffered for that buttermilk. I think this compares to the best. 5 stars. These pancakes are quick and easy to make. They are very tasty and satisfying. Can easily top off with cinnamon or fruit for extra yummy pancakes. I love this!! This recipe is ok if you have nothing else. I wanted my  pancakes to have that raised, fluffy look and I didn't see that in the photos from the baker. They say flax seed is a good egg replacer and I happen to have flax seed.  I don't know if it's the reason for the success of my pancakes but I add ground flax seed in addition to this recipe (excluding the oil if using some in a pan). Just adding this to my ingredients  It was a game changer. Per online, chia seeds are good to use as a egg replacer too if you don't have ground flax seed or are allergic to it. From what I got online 1 tbsp of ground flax seed to 3 tsbp of water and let sit in the refrigerator for 15 mins Best pancakes I ever made, they were so fluffy! I only made a half batch and I added two tablespoons of whole milk powder in the dry mix and used olive oil. Great flavor and super fluffy. Delicious! No need for milk, these come out just as good using water. This will be my go-to from now on. Followed the recipe exactly and pancakes were fluffy and delicious! Will be saving this one for sure I love these! They're so easy to make and taste great! Tasted good but I used gluten free flour as I am allergic to wheat. Came out a little tough and gluey. All of my gluten free bakes come out gluey, why This is was so easy to make and so delicious!!! My whole family loved it. They couldn’t believe it was vegan!
