Soft Oatmeal Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/19247/soft-oatmeal-cookies/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Whisk flour, cinnamon, baking soda, and salt together in a medium bowl until well combined. otdash Meredith Food Studio Beat butter, 1 cup white sugar, and brown sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer until creamy, at least 2 to 3 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Beat in eggs, one at a time, then mix in vanilla. otdash Meredith Food Studio Gradually mix in dry ingredients until well combined. Add oats and mix until thoroughly incorporated. Cover the bowl and chill dough in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour. otdash Meredith Food Studio When ready to bake, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Spray two cookie sheets with floured cooking spray. Place water in a small bowl and 2 tablespoons sugar in another small bowl. Roll chilled dough into walnut-sized balls, and place 2 inches apart on the prepared cookie sheets. Dip a large fork in water, then in sugar, and use to flatten each cookie, rewetting and resugaring as necessary. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until light golden brown around the edges and centers are nearly set, 8 to 10 minutes, switching racks halfway through. otdash Meredith Food Studio Allow cookies to cool on baking sheet for 5 minutes before transferring to a wire rack to cool completely. otdash Meredith Food Studio
This recipe makes a great cookie! You can tailor it to your liking: take them out a bit early for softer cookies, or bake them a little longer for a crisp cookie. I divided the dough and added raisins to one batch; chocolate chips to the second; and Craisins & white chocolate to the third, which were absolutely delicious! Of course, they were great without adding anything. I did reduce the cinnamon to 1 tsp and added 1/2 tsp ground cloves which gave them an even better taste. Also, I didn't grease the pan, chill the dough, or flatten w/fork and they turned out just fine. Try it for yourself! The most delicious oatmeal cookie. Super soft and addictive. I added dark chocolate chips. Best recipe I've found. I doubled. I used 3x's vanilla but used Mexican vanilla. Before baking second half, I added 1/4 cup Ghirardelli 100% cocoa. Awesome. Chewy and moist. I had to bake for 14 minutes. These were really good. I don't like reviewing recipes that I changed, but the dough before I altered it was great I had a few bags of nearly empty things that I added to the mix: half a cup of craisins, half a cup of white chips, and half a cup of walnuts. It's definitely a great recipe to work with. also, I just rolled them into balls and didn't flatten. still came out flat I added a cup of raisins when I added the oats. My husband prefers ridiculously large cookies, so I rolled them into about 3 inch diameter balls, flattened them before popping into the oven, and baked them for about 18-20 mins. They came out perfect - crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside! I substituted a tsp of ginger and 1/2 tsp nutmeg instead of cinnamon and added a 1/2 tsp of baking powder in addition to 1 tsp soda. Turned out great. I also used canola oil instead of butter and plan to substitute 1/2 c of applesauce and 1/2 c of oil instead of 1 c oil next time. I really like the ginger in stead of cinnamon. This was su a simple recipe! I added and extra teaspoon of vanilla and substituted the oats for some lemon creme and blueberry instant oatmeal packets (in the same quantities of course lol). They came out AMAZING!! I opted to not do the sugar press with the fork and instead made the dough into balls and flattened them a bit with my hands to like a burger patty thickness. These were easy to make and the best oatmeal cookies I have ever had, we did add chocolate chips and walnuts to them. I really recommend these! I just made these cookies and they look a taste great thank you for sharing this recipe. I added a cup of peanut butter and it turned out terrific. Delicious! I added two tablespoons molasses, and pecans, cooked for eight minutes, they came out soft in the middle and slightly crunchy outside. Perfect! This is one of those recipes that I go back to again and again because it's delicious exactly as written, yet wonderfully versatile as well. I have made these cookies several times and added 1 cup of chopped pecans on one occasion; 1 cup of raisins (soaked in boiling water then well drained) another time; or 1 cup of dried cranberries or blueberries a different day -- OR any combination thereof. Next time I intend to add chocolate chips or maybe dried apricots. Feel free to experiment, knowing that this cookie recipe is an excellent foundation. The best cookies and the flavor it’s so good. I made them and my family loved them. Made just as recipe stated. Didn’t have raisins or any other suggestions to add. Every one loved them! I was looking for a recipe for "soft" oatmeal cookies. This is a winner. I also added a few chopped raisins and semisweet mini chocolate chips. These are the best oatmeal cookies I have ever had in my life!!!! My son enjoyed these cookies.  I added raisins and a small bit more cinnamon. Very good recipe 😋 Too much cinnamon. I would substitute the 2 tablespoons of water to 1 and 1/2. I wanted a little heftier cookie. I also put my dough in the refrigerator for 10 minutes while cleaning up. Overall the cookies were a big hit! I add 1/2C English toffee bits and 1/2C chopped dates.  My crowd loves them.  They can't just eat one.  Very addictive.
