Easy Mochi
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/193307/easy-mochi/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Wrap red bean paste in aluminum foil and place in the freezer until solid, at least 1 hour. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix glutinous rice flour and green tea powder thoroughly in a microwave-safe bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in water, then sugar; mix until smooth. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and microwave for 3 minutes 30 seconds. Meanwhile, remove red bean paste from the freezer and divide into 8 equal balls. Set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove rice flour mixture from the microwave. Stir and heat, covered, for another 15 to 30 seconds. otdash Meredith Food Studio Dust a work surface with cornstarch. Roll about 2 tablespoons of hot rice flour mixture into a ball. Flatten the ball and place one ball of frozen red bean paste in the center. Pinch and press the dough around the bean paste until completely covered. otdash Meredith Food Studio Sprinkle with additional cornstarch and place mochi, seam-side down, in a paper muffin liner to prevent sticking. otdash Meredith Food Studio Repeat Step 6 to make remaining mochi. Enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
Very easy to make. Side note: the mochi dough is SUPER sticky, so be sure to prepare your surface and hands with startch before making the balls. Otherwise, very yummy and easy and fun! What the recipe doesn’t say, is what temp to have your microwave. I made the recipe with one green tea teabag in the one cup of water. Just let it go off boil. I then added the sugar to the hot liquid to melt. I then  whisked in  to the flour.I cooked for one min on high (900) . Stirred.Then back on for 1.50 mins on med (600)I followed the rest of the instructions whilst is was hot enough to handle. Perfect results. For this instead of using matcha I made one cup of green tea, using a tea bag, and I used potato starch instead of cornstarch. I messed up big time the first time I made it because I didn't use enough flour (my measuring error)and probably didn't microwave for the full 3 minutes. In the attempt shown everything worked properly.If anyone plans on using cheap green tea, use 2 tea bags. Worked very well if you followed the recipe. Don't understand how someone completely modifies a recipe, it doesn't turn out and then you give it one star :( ずんだ餅やあんころ餅に近いものを感じます。日本人の私としては、餅と言えば餅米と水だけで作った餡が入っていないものを想起します。それを焼いたり煮たりして、そのまま食べたり、醤油をつけて海苔で巻いて食べたり、きな粉やうぐいす粉をつけて食べます。中に餡が入っているのは餅というより大福の認識で、ずんだ餅、あんころ餅などは特別な餅として認識しています。とはいえ、簡単なのにとても美味しそうですね。大福にせよ餅にせよ、既製品を食べてばかりだったので、私もこのレシピを参考に作ってみます。 This is a great recipe. I followed another reviewer's suggestion of stirring it every minute during cooking, but other than that I followed the instructions to the letter and it turned out great.I will say that for me the final mochis were too large and I'll be making 12 next time to see if that's a better size. My only real issue was the anko: I used the linked recipe but it ended up too runny, which made it really hard to form the mochis (the anko also wouldn't freeze, even after almost 48 hours in the freezer).They definitely don't keep well, so if you're cooking for 1, or for 2 or three who don't want to eat multiple mochis in a day, make half the recipe. I made mine less than 24 hours ago and kept them in a tupperware in the fridge and they've already hardened. They're still delicious, but not the same.I'll definitely be making these again Modified the recipe slightly for more matcha and vanilla, microwaved, and it came out like this. Awful, and wasted matcha. Really good. I used almond paste I had leftover from some bear claws as I did not have red beans on hand and it was very tasty. The possibilities are endless. The hardest part is just the tedious work of rolling. I used a little water on my finger tip (use food gloves btw!) to seal the bottom then rolled again in cornstarch for a neat flat ball. I can’t wait to try with more fillings! Girlfriend really loves these treats and it brings us closer together. Easy and a wonderful time making these fun treats!
