Homemade Lasagna
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/19344/homemade-lasagna/
Combine pork and ground beef in a large, deep skillet over medium-high heat; cook and stir until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Add onion and cook until translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in crushed tomatoes, tomato sauce, 1 tablespoon fresh parsley, garlic, basil, salt, oregano, and sugar. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 30 minutes. While the sauce is simmering, bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook lasagna noodles in the boiling water, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and set aside. While the noodles are cooking, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Mix cottage cheese, Parmesan cheese, eggs, remaining 1 tablespoon fresh parsley, salt, and pepper in a large bowl until combined. Assemble lasagna: Spread a spoon or two of sauce over the bottom of a 9x13-inch baking dish just to to coat it. Place two layers of noodles over the sauce to cover. Layer with 1/2 of the cheese mixture, 1/2 of the remaining sauce, and 1/2 of the mozzarella cheese. Repeat layers once more using the remaining noodles, cheese mixture, sauce, and mozzarella. Cover the baking dish with aluminum foil. Bake in the preheated oven for 30 to 40 minutes. Remove the foil and bake until cheese is golden brown, 5 to 10 more minutes. Remove from the oven and let stand for 10 minutes before cutting and serving.
this was so good but not enough sauce. Used Ricotta cheese instead of cottage cheese and doubled cheeses ricotta and mozz to make it more gooey. I adjusted according to prev reviews. replace sugar with 2 tsp ground carrot (thanks for the tip) - also replaced pork sausage with mild Italian sausage. I doubled everything but noodles and tripled onions/garlic/parsley/oregano. only used 4 eggs. For added flavor I a whole chopped green pepper. also added the garlic when meat was browning this seems to really release the flavor. Did not use any salt because all the cheeses are salty enough - this was a good move, it turned out perfect. will make this many more times - thanks Craig!! PS - This sause is great on pizza too!This freezes really well too but whenever i freeze dishes with tomato sauce, I find that i need to add just a little bit (small can) of sauce before cooking. just add to sides and it will work it's way down. the little extra can of sauce will help to moisten it up and bring back some of the tomato flavor which seems to go away when frozen. you can freeze whole or cook the lasagna, cool, cut into serving sizes and freeze individual serving :) I always add mild italian sausage ground or in the casings (I remove casings), add fresh herbs  like oregano, basil, garlic, diced tomatoes same as this recipe. But instead of adding sugar to take away the acidic taste of the tomatoes I add a dash of cinnamon. Never never have I ever put cottage cheese in. have yet to try the ricotta, just forget lol. Love the combo of pork and beef. I followed this recipe as written. it drives me crazy when people rate recipes but changed it.  This is delicious and I was told to keep the recipe by my family. This produced some really delicious lasagna. I doubled the sauce because I could tell it wasn’t going to be enough. I also used ricotta cheese in place of the cottage cheese. Will make again This produced some really delicious lasagna. I doubled the sauce because I could tell it wasn’t going to be enough. I also used ricotta cheese in place of the cottage cheese. Will make again This is one that u can make ur own with the base if the recipe!Yummy! I made.more sauce and added bell pepper and more Cheeses.Delicious Added slices of white mushrooms and cucumber. Really Great!
