Greek Orzo Salad
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/19389/greek-orzo-salad/
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add pasta and cook until al dente, 8 to 10 minutes; drain. otdash Meredith Food Studio Drain artichoke hearts, reserving liquid. otdash Meredith Food Studio Gather prepared ingredients together. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine pasta, artichoke hearts, cucumber, tomato, onion, feta, olives, parsley, lemon juice, oregano, and lemon pepper in a large bowl; toss well. Chill in the refrigerator for 1 hour. otdash Meredith Food Studio Just before serving, drizzle reserved artichoke marinade over salad. otdash Meredith Food Studio Enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
I gave this 5 stars...after I made some changes. I added about 1/2 c. of a good italian dressing and about 1/4 c. of red wine vinegar to spice it up a little. Now it is AMAZING. Everyone loved it!! I made the orzo and mixed it with the dressing, vinegar, lemon and spices the day before and then added the veggies the morning of. Very good and very pretty! I added some Tuscan Italian dressing made by Organics. Also added calamata olives.  Delish! Knew when I read the recipe it lacked flavor. Added garlic, sazón, pepper and soul food season . Added red wine vinegar and Italian dressing to the marinade. Very tasty! Made this a few years back it was a big hit at our barbecue, my wife loves it and asks me to make it for her every year for her birthday. I made this for our garden club meeting yesterday with a few modifications. Everyone loved it! I had several requests for the recipe. I added a half cup of Ken’s Greek vinaigrette to the orzo after draining it for more flavor, and waited for this to cool before adding the other ingredients. I used halved cherry tomatoes and sliced Kalamata olives, then soaked the chopped red onion in cold water for fifteen minutes and drained them before adding them to the orzo. I also substituted a 1/4 cup of white wine instead of the artichoke marinade an hour before serving, and added another splash of the Greek vinaigrette as it was a bit too tart and dry at that point.  It is a keeper! This came together fairly quickly. I enjoyed a bit before I refrigerated it for an hour. I omitted the olives and added olive oil. It was fairly tasty! I quite liked the different textures of the vegetables. Will definitely make this again for a quick lunch or add grilled chicken breast for a light dinner! As written it is dry and blah.   Salt and pepper? Greek but no olive oil?  Garlic?   I make this often but seriously doctor it. LOVE IT!!
