Authentic Korean Bulgogi
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/193863/authentic-korean-bulgogi/
Place the beef in a bowl, and pour in the cooking wine, pear juice, and black pepper. Stir to combine, and allow to marinate for 30 minutes. Stir in the soy sauce, sugar, sesame oil, garlic, green onion, and sesame seeds, and marinate in refrigerator at least 2 hours or overnight. Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat. Remove the beef from the marinade, and discard the marinade. Place a sheet of aluminum foil on the heated grill, and lay the beef slices separately on the foil. Place the mushrooms and onion on another part of the foil. Cook the beef slices until they are evenly brown, 3 to 5 minutes per side. Serve with cooked mushrooms and onion.
Absolutely delicious! I ran into a few problems that required me to improvise though. 1. I couldn't find pear juice at the store. So I pureed two fresh pears. 2. Instead of using a white cooking wine, I decided to go with Moscato, it's a pear based white wine, and figured it would be perfect for diluting my pear puree. (And it worked great)! 3. Due to horrible weather conditions, I couldn't grill it outside, so I cooked it up in a cast iron skillet... and it still turned out perfect. This is delicious! I used the juice from canned pears. Tastes great and has become a staple for our household. All those that have a hard time finding pear juice; look in the baby food aisle or in natural foods aisle (I prefers the Gerber Pear Juice-less sugar). As of how I prepare it; start with butter leaf lettuce, white rice, bulgogi (this recipe), top with some broccoli slaw, top with sriracha or a garlic sauce. I have tried some variations but my family prefers this recipe as is. Everyone I have made it for asks for the recipe and for me to make again. This was delicious! I followed a few other reviewers and used pureed pear instead of juice, and I also substituted the wine for sake. Delicious! This recipe tenderizes the beef. I used a cheaper cut, and our whole family wanted to know how it became so tender. Great recipe! One of my favorite dishes. I made a few changes. left out sesame seeds ( cant eat them) and added some of my house blend seasoning to the meat. I used a roast cant afford a sirloin. sliced very then and marinated longer  so it would be tender. Turned out GREAT. i barely got any!!!! The family and neighbors loved it!!!!! Excellent! I did not have pear juice, and I would use 1/2 the black pepper next time. Delicious recipe.  Add a bit mor soy sauce if you prefer! I made this according to the recipe (Yes, I did find pear juice at the store. It was on the soda isle in a can. I've also seen it in the asian sections, just not in my town.) We loved this at my house. So tasty. The pear juice really makes a difference. Will make this again, and again. Yum. Pear juice is the secret. I found mine in cans (near the guava and papaya juices) at a Mexican grocery store.
