Fishboy's Beer Belly Shrimp
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/19480/fishboys-beer-belly-shrimp/
Combine all ingredients in a large bowl. Stir well to coat the shrimp. Place in a large shallow dish and refrigerate. Let marinate for 2 to 3 hours, stirring occasionally. Heat oven broiler. Drain shrimp. Thread shrimp through neck and tail onto six 14-inch skewers so that shrimp will lie flat. Place skewers on a lightly greased rack of a broiler pan. Broil 5 inches from heat for 3 minutes. Turn skewers and broil for an additional 1 to 2 minutes, or until shrimp turn pink. Serve warm with cold beer.
made these for the superbowl game. the guys love them because of the beer taste. Since Im not a beer drinker at all, I didnt find them as good as they did. but this is a must recipe for any beer drinkers :) Excellent! Any beer works for this but its especially good with Abita Amber, and you cant put too much garlic in the marinade. Thought this was great! Just a few changes-added a lot more hot sauce (Siracha) and grilled instead of broiled. Goes great with a salad and some soup for a light dinner! Yum! We love this!  Others were right when they said it needed more hot sauce.  I use 2 T of Red Hot.  It's perfect!  I also use the shrimp that is already cooked and frozen, but thaw before marinating.  Works great on the grill for the same amount of time.  Thanks for the great recipe!! The flavor was good, the shrimp were a little rubbery which may have been my error , maybe too much beer. I might try this again with some modifications. This was alright, it wasn't bad or anything just didn't "wow" me. This was a really great marinade for shrimp.  The only thing I changed was to add a lot more hot sauce because my husband likes really spicy food!  Other than that, it's a great recipe! not very flavorful, i might add more hot sauce. Nummy!! I thought these were good but they just didn't marinate as well as i thought they would.  But maybe that's just shrimp period...anyways it was good.
