Moussaka
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/19644/moussaka/
Lay eggplant slices on paper towels; sprinkle lightly with salt. Let sit for 30 minutes to draw out moisture, then pat dry with paper towels. otdash Meredith Food Studio Warm olive oil in a skillet over high heat. Fry eggplant until browned, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Drain on paper towels; set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Stir in ground beef, onions, and garlic; season with salt and black pepper. Cook and stir until beef is browned, 8 to 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add parsley, fines herbs, cinnamon, and 1/4 teaspoon nutmeg. Pour in tomato sauce and wine; mix well. Simmer for 20 minutes. Allow to cool, then stir in beaten egg. otdash Meredith Food Studio Scald milk in a saucepan over medium heat. At the same time, melt 1/2 cup butter in a large skillet over medium heat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Whisk flour into butter until smooth. Lower heat; gradually pour in scalded milk, whisking constantly until it thickens. Season béchamel sauce with salt and white pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13-inch baking dish. Arrange a single layer of eggplant in the prepared baking dish. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cover eggplant with meat sauce, then sprinkle 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese on top. Cover with remaining eggplant and sprinkle another 1/2 cup cheese on top. otdash Meredith Food Studio otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour béchamel sauce on top and sprinkle with remaining 1/4 teaspoon nutmeg. Cover with remaining cheese. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until bubbly and browned, about 1 hour. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
Fantastic! with a few modifications as follows.don't fry the eggplant: brush a little bit of olive oil & cook them in a oven at 450 till moderately soft...you don't want mush...bechamel sauce: I don't get why everyone is saying this makes too much sauce?! It doesn't, trust me. You want at least an inch high layer of this when it's done cooking, so use the ingredients as written. I do agree with adding the extra eggs. I made the sauce as directed, then as it cooled I added two eggs yolks one at a time, blended that, then I added the 2 egg whites (which I had first beaten till stiff with a mixer). Next time I might try the 3rd egg as some recommend for even more firmness.meat sauce: save calories, don't brown the beef in butter! Increase garlic to at 2-3 cloves. I used italian seasoning for "fine herbs". Add a big pinch of sugar to cut the acidity. I used about 1/2 tsp of salt, and 1/2 tsp fresh ground pepper. I made the meat sauce one day ahead (to save time on the big day & to allow the flavors to come out).mysterious olive oil: I don't know where that 1/4 cup of olive oil is supposed to come in? I never used it. Certainly didn't miss it.construction: Use a big/deep lasgane pan. The 9 X 13 glass pan isn't big enough. To be more authentic you can add a thin layer of potato in the bottom. Peel two potatoes, slice them about 1/4 in or less slices, brush with small amount of olive oil, roast in 450 oven for about 15 minutes. Judge the size of the eggplants carefully = I only needed two as they were quite large. Also suggest letting the dish 'rest' for about 15 min after taking from oven. Much like a lasagna that is cut into too soon, this dish needs a little time to set up for slicing. Appreciated the tips from SWblend.  Added the potatoes and would recommend this be added to the recipe.  Such a satisfying dish and worth the effort. I followed many of the tweaks that WSBLEND suggested. For sure, do the baked/roasted eggplant. Less mess, less grease. Having lived in Greece for a few years, I was happy with the flavour of this. We devoured it. It was a fair bit of effort, but it was enjoyable to make on a day when I had time to putter in the kitchen. This recipe was delicious. I wouldn't change anything. Traditional Moussaka has thinly sliced/fried Potato's placed on the bottom of your dish before adding the rest of the ingredients. *hint*- broil the eggplant instead of frying, they will not be "greasy". The directions didn't mention to place only one half of the eggplant on the bottom and the remaining one half later. Being this was my first time making this recipe I didn't realize that there should be two layers of eggplant. Many people like myself add zucchini and potatoes to the layers. I e never heard of eggs in the meat. Not really that authentic.Bechamel6 tablespoons butter6 tablespoons flour2 cups milkSaltParmesanNutmegWhite pepper, black will do too.Melt butter, add flour until combined add HOT, but not boiling milk. Whisk together until smooth and add grated Parmesan, a couple sprinkles of nutmeg, Kaseri, Kefalotyri or any hard yellow cheese until desired texture. Add a bit of pepper and adjust for salt. I pour on top and sprinkle cheese all over top instead of eggs. It was wonderful
