Fajita Marinade
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/19963/fajita-marinade-i/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Whisk water, lime juice, olive oil, garlic, soy sauce, salt, and liquid smoke flavoring together in a bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in cayenne and black pepper until combined. otdash Meredith Food Studio Use to marinate 2 pounds of meat; marinate in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours to overnight before cooking as desired. otdash Meredith Food Studio Enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
This recipe makes fajitas that are addictive! And I ought to know - I'm from Texas! I scaled this to 20 servings for a party and used half the marinade for top round steak and half for chicken breasts. I used only 1/2 cup water in this re-scaled recipe, and I also threw in a generous handful of chopped fresh cilantro. It needs the cilantro... that gives it a wonderful kick. I marinated the meat for 24 hours and then grilled it nice and slow. It couldn't have been better! The meat was tender and absolutely perfect. This is our go to marinade! Simple and tasty on a flank steak for fajitas I don’t use the liquid smoke or cayenne as we grill it and want the kids to be able to eat it. I also sprinkle with cumin, paprika and chili powder. The acid and soy really penetrate the meat and make the marinade take quickly Excellent base and for general purpose works fine as-is.  For beef I generally add 2-3 tsp of Cumin, and for chicken use about twice the lime juice, but very good proportions otherwise. I leave out the water and liquid smoke based on reviews.  I haven't tried it yet but my  son says it is very good and I have made it for him several times.   He gave it 4 stars.   I marinate steak for 24 hours. Hi Robbie!This recipe is amazing! But, the next time I make fajitas, I'm going to grill the chicken and steak. Is there something I really need to add in place of the liquid smoke because I'm going to omit it? I've used liquid smoke in marinades on the grill before and my taste buds did not like that...This recipe is the bomb in da house nonetheless! Perfect! I was actually wanting a new recipe for seasoning taco meat (ground beef), and I decided to try this. It was AMAZING! I cooked two pounds of ground beef and drained the fat, mixed this marinade (minus the water, but with everything else just as listed), stirred it into the ground beef, and let it simmer for a while. YUM!!! This will be my go-to recipe for taco meat from now on. I can't wait to try it as a marinade for fajitas, as it's intended. Omitted the water as others suggested. Added a little bit more lime juice and only marinated my thinly sliced chicken breast for an hour, and it turned out perfect!
