Tater Tot Casserole with Green Beans
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/20059/tater-tot-casserole-iv/
Sauté onion in a large skillet until soft; add beef and sausage and cook until browned. Drain set aside. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spread soup and beans in the bottom of a 9x13-inch baking dish. Slowly add meat mixture, then top with tater tots and season with salt to taste. Bake in the preheated oven until casserole is cooked through, about 30 to 45 minutes.
This was really good! I followed others' advice and put in half the meat, and double the veggies. I also (sinfully) added some sour cream when I mixed in the soup, and topped the tots with shredded cheddar the last 5 minutes of baking. My 1 1/2 year old couldn't get enough of it! I really liked this recipe. I think next time add two cans of julienne string beans and leave out the kernel corn I added. The corn ruined this recipe. I carmelized the onions. I layered the meat mixture with a light cheddar cheese layer and continued, topping the tater tots with some more cheddar. Well, I just got out from the oven can't wait to give it a try. did do a few things different, seasoned the meat with some Italian seasoning and added some garlic. I also doubled up with the beans but did add a layer of cheese over the meat, then across the top for the last 5 or so minutes. Can't wait to dig in. My boyfriend has asked for this dish for a year.  I made it and it was SO easy and fabulous. I used 1 lb ground beef, no ground pork, half instead of whole small onion, added 4 ounces of pepper jack cheese cut in cubes. A classic, easy dish to make.  As with any other recipe, I added other items to it.  I like cheese, so added cheese between the beans and meat mixture.  I also added herbs that I really like to boost the flavor. A classic, easy dish to make.  As with any other recipe, I added other items to it.  I like cheese, so added cheese between the beans and meat mixture.  I also added herbs that I really like to boost the flavor. Yes I used French style green beens that have red peppers instead of plain ones. Also added a layer of fried onions( the ones used in green bean casserole) into it. Then after done cooking .I put shredded cheese onto of tater tots. And it melted into the casserole and it was awesome!! my wife made this dish and added shredded cheese  OH MY it was fantastic, the kids could not get enough. this dish has been added to our favorite recipe box!!!!! I enjoyed this recipe. I changed like the others. I used 1lb ground turkey, two cans of beans and two cans of cream of chicken soup. I added mushrooms and topped with cheese when it came
