Sauerbraten I
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/20062/sauerbraten-i/
In large saucepan over medium heat, combine cider vinegar, water, brown sugar, cloves, allspice, salt, pepper, peppercorns, bay leaf, onion, carrot and celery. Heat, stirring occasionally, until bubbles appear at edges, but do not boil. Poke deep holes in roast and place in non-metal bowl. Pour vinegar mixture over roast. Cover and refrigerate for five days, turning once daily. Remove roast from liquid; pat dry with paper towels. Remove bay leaf and peppercorns from liquid and discard. Strain liquid from vegetables, reserving both. Heat oil in Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Sear all sides of roast quickly, 1 to 2 minutes each side. Reduce heat to low, pour reserved vegetables and 1 cup of vinegar liquid into pan. Cover and simmer 1 1/2 hours, adding more vinegar liquid if necessary. Remove roast from pan, and let cool slightly. Slice roast and return slices to liquid in pan, cover and simmer 30 minutes more. Remove slices to serving platter. Stir sour cream into heated liquid and heat through, but do not allow to boil. Pour sauce over meat and serve immediately.
This was really delicious. I marinated in a zip close bag for 4 days, used lots of onion and skipped the rest of the veggies. On Day 5 I put it in the crock pot on low for 8 hrs. When it was done to the point of falling apart, I removed the meat from the pot, and stirred into the leftover juices: 3/4 C crushed gingersnaps, 1/4 C. brown sugar and 1 C. sour cream to create the traditional gravy. YUM! Not the greatest. It was very sour. Too sour. I even added ginger snaps to the gravy and too sour. I did what someone mentioned and added sour cream and brown sugar to the gravy after we ate it and it was much better I won’t make it again Tender and delicious!  Made mine with London broil because the store had no rump roast.  Also soaked for only one day. heavenly One way to make this more authentic would be to use juniper berries instead of - or in addition to - the peppercorns.  Juniper berries have a rustic sort of taste, and can be purchased in some specialty spice stores.  I put in at least 10-20 berries, squeezed a bit to allow the flavor to be absorbed.  I never saw stalk celery one time in Germany - so that seems a little unauthentic - but I use it anyway - doesn't hurt.  Interesting that this recipe calls for ground cloves and allspice.  I have only used whole cloves before.  And never used sugar. This is a keeper.  My husband loves sauerbraten and I never make it.  As a special treat I made it for our Christmas dinner.  I did make a few changes starting in step 4.  I baked the roast in a 325° for the 1 1/2 hours.In step 5 I soaked 1/4 cup of raisins in the hot broth while meat was cooling so it could be sliced.  I made the gravy on the stove top and added a 1/4 cup crushed fine gingersnap cookies. I will make this again. I followed the recipe and turned out very nice and tender.  I served it over spaetzle.  I want to try the suggestion of adding ginger snaps next time. Very much like Oma’s recipe! My husband requested Sauerbraten, (to which I replied Sauerwhaten?) like his mom used to make from his great grandma's recipe. The only change I made was to add some crushed ginger snaps the the gravy (around 1/2 cup) and whole ginger snaps over the top while cooking. He loved it and ate it for 3 days straight! I made half of this recipe, for just myself and my boyfriend. He is of German descent and his mother never makes this the "long" way like his grandmother did. So, having never heard of this dish before I decided to make him a meal that reminded him of home, I was glad that this recipe came with lots of comments! I ended up browning the roast in bacon drippings after 5 days of marinating and turning. Then, I placed it in the crock pot with all of the liquid, on low. Being as it was only 2lbs of roast, it was finished in about 4.5 hours. I removed the veggies, and added 1/2 cup gingersnaps to the liquid. I cooked that for an extra 30 minutes, and then added about 3tbsp sour cream to finish the gravy (which was SO delicious!) I served it with red cabbage and potato dumplings. The boyfriend loved it, and said it was very much like his grandmother's. Thanks!
