Sauerbraten IV
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/20067/sauerbraten-iv/
In large non-metal bowl, combine red wine vinegar, red wine, onions, carrots, bay leaf, whole allspice, whole cloves, peppercorns and salt. Place roast in marinade, cover and refrigerate 3 days, turning once daily. Remove roast from marinade; wipe dry. In a large saucepan, heat the marinade over medium-low heat. Melt 1/4 cup butter with the oil in a Dutch oven over medium heat. Brown the beef on all sides, sprinkling the flour over it as you turn it. Pour heated marinade into Dutch oven with the roast, cover, reduce heat to low and simmer 3 hours, until beef is tender. Pour the marinade off from the meat, skim off the fat, and strain. In a large skillet over low heat, melt remaining 1/4 cup butter with sugar. Cook and stir until golden in color. Pour in the strained marinade slowly, stirring until smooth and thickened. Sprinkle in the gingersnaps. Pour sauce over the meat in the Dutch oven, return the pot to low heat and simmer 30 minutes. Serve.
Absolutely fantastic! I had a craving for sauerbraten and decided to go with this recipe and my husband and I loved it! I must admit, I was a little skeptical of the gingersnaps, but this ingredient made the recipe outstanding. The meat came out very tender and the sauce was fantastic. I'm going to forward this recipe on to my family and friends. I recommend serving with potato pancakes w/ applesauce & sour cream and red cabbage. Thank you so much!! I've been using this recipe for years and the whole family loves it! Excellent! Followed recipe exactly, picked this one because it’s most similar to one I had years ago from a German restaurant. Served with spaetzle and red cabbage, totally delicious! I really like the gingersnap flavor...give it a chance...my family loves sauerbrautin. ..even the young grandkids! I also omit the ginger snaps.  Excellent recipe otherwise. We purchased a Rump roast and marinated for the 3 days.  Then cooked it for the 3 hours.  It was so very moist and tender.  The gravy had a wonderful taste and consistency.  Will make it again. We loved it! We were in Germany last month on a river cruise and had it on the ship. This was better. It is easy, even though it takes days to marinate. Well worth the time and exercise in delayed gratification. I really liked this.   It is quite sour, but the gravy gives it just a hint of sweet.   This isn't something I could eat every day, but it's a great treat once in a while.   I served over broad noodles with garlic potatoes and sweet glazed carrots as sides. Left out the gingersnaps. I did not alter anything else.  Yummy!! I had a TON of compliments on this recipe from authentic German-born attendees during our annual Oktoberfest party. It was super easy prep and cooking was a breeze. Truly a recipe I will be making again.
