Ratatouille Bake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/200877/ratatouille-bake/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Coat a 2 1/2-quart baking dish with cooking spray. Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add eggplant, onion, and garlic; cook and stir until vegetables begin to soften, about 8 minutes. Stir in zucchini, tomatoes, bell pepper, basil, parsley, salt, and black pepper; bring to a boil, stirring frequently. Reduce heat to medium-low; simmer until vegetables are tender, about 20 minutes. Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil; stir in ravioli and cook as directed on package. Drain. Transfer ravioli to bottom of the prepared baking dish; spoon hot vegetable mixture over top. Sprinkle with mozzarella cheese. Bake in the preheated oven until bubbling and cheese is melted, about 20 minutes. rance 
Very clever and delicious idea! I opened a can of pureed tomatoes instead of diced, so mine was more saucy than it should have been, but it worked. I used a smaller but deep casserole so I put a little sauce in the bottom, layer of ravioli, veggies and sauce, more ravioli and topped with the rest of the veggies and sauce, and cheese. While I love traditional ratatouille, I usually need to have something else with it as it's not too filling for me - the ravioli makes this a complete, and delicious, meal! Thanks for sharing! I put everything except the zucchini in one pot and let it simmer for an hour.  I don't like the texture of the eggplant unless it's cooked well, otherwise I find it to be rather rubbery.  I then add the zucchini and cook just until it's tender.  If you add the zucchini too soon, it cooks down and you hardly know it is in there.  I then serve it over pasta. Absolutely delicious! This one was quite the surprise and I wouldn't hesitate to make this for guests! The vegetable mix is so flavorful, and what a great idea to bake it on top of ravioli!  I could not find a 8oz bag of ravioli - the one I used was 13 oz and I found that to be the perfect amount. I also used more cheese on top. I will definitely make this again! Easy recipe. Tasted great.  I used fresh mozzarella and had nothing that would shred it so I just cut it in strips and laid them on the top. Sorry, no “after” picture, it smelled so good we dug in before I thought of taking the picture. I didn't have quite enough zucchini, so I made up the difference with extra eggplant.  Also, the frozen ravioli only came in 10 oz. packages.Otherwise I stuck to the recipe.  I loved it enough to bring some in to  the office - my coworkers loved it too! This was a really good idea!  I like someone else's comment that adding the pasta and cheese makes this heartier.  I had cheese/spinach stuffed manicotti on hand and so I laid that across the bottom of  rectangular casserole dish and then covered it with the vegetables.  I sprinkled parmesan cheese over the top and baked till cheese was golden brown.  It was easy to make and has great flavor. Loved this recipe, so Good!! I used fresh basil and an orange bell pepper, and a layer of marinara on the bottom of the pan. Next time I'm buying more ravioli and going to layer it like lasagna. yummy!! I did not have eggplant so used 1 large zucchini and 1 large summer squash. Also added a little tomato sauce because we love the flavor and this was delicious!!! I love that I can make this a staple dish for using up summer squash and zucchini. Hmmm. I’m mixed on this. I skipped the eggplant (don’t like it) and subbed yellow summer squash. I also used garden tomatoes vs canned. While I really enjoyed the flavor of the veggies, the pasta - the ravioli- didn’t seem to “fit” with this And when I had a bite of pasta + veggies - bland. Even after me adding some Parmesan. But when I ate bites of just the veggies - good! If I made again, maybe I would try a smaller noodle like seashell or orzo It was delicious!  I doubled the tortellini and baked in a 9x13 glass dish.  I also poured 1/2 jar of spaghetti sauce over tortellini before adding cooked vegetables to add more flavor.  My husband and I liked it and had enough left over for another meal.  I imagine it will be even tastier tomorrow !
