Artichoke Spinach Lasagna
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/20082/artichoke-spinach-lasagna/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray a 9x13 inch baking dish with cooking spray. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add noodles and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain. Spray a large skillet with cooking spray and heat on medium-high. Saute onion and garlic for 3 minutes, or until onion is tender-crisp. Stir in broth and rosemary; bring to a boil. Stir in artichoke hearts and spinach; reduce heat, cover and simmer 5 minutes. Stir in pasta sauce. Spread 1/4 of the artichoke mixture in the bottom of the prepared baking dish; top with 3 cooked noodles. Sprinkle 3/4 cup mozzarella cheese over noodles. Repeat layers 2 more times, ending with artichoke mixture and mozzarella cheese. Sprinkle crumbled feta on top. Bake, covered, for 40 minutes. Uncover, and bake 15 minutes more, or until hot and bubbly. Let stand 10 minutes before cutting.
I would actually give this a 4.75, only because I found the lasagna to be very watery. Next time I would cut down on the broth. Great tasting, though, and leftovers just as good or better. I used homemade veg broth, which I do for everything. Very easy to make -- just keep all the ends of veggies that you have in a bag in the freezer (carrot ends, broccoli stalks, onion bits, etc). When you have enough to fill a pot, cover them with water and boil until the veggies have basically nothing left! Drain and keep the "broth." You can compost or throw out the soggy veggies, and then freeze the broth for when you need it. Great way to recycle old bits of veggies, and couldn't be healthier or more natural! Very tasty I added six sliced baby Bella mushrooms, sautéed with the onions, also substituted chicken broth  for the vegetable broth.  I didn’t have fresh rosemary so I added 1/2 tsp dried.  This recipe is Delicious!  Thank you I left out the rosemary and feta - due to allergy and dislike of feta. Still delicious. I prefer this over traditional lasagna. Gracious no!!! Firstly, the feta is over powering.  Then the lack of ricotta cheese dried it out, but the stew marinade made it soggy.. how can something be dry and soggy at the same time!?I wouldn't normally add onion and stewed veggies, but it called for it .This was a true stinker of a dish.  My family wasn't impressed either. I read the summary of this dish, but I should have realized that adding onion chunk stew wouldn't work.Why is everyone that gave it five stars,  saying they had to adjust the moderation of ingredients , if it's such a good recipe?If I made this in Italy I would be deported.I don't see how this is truly Italian enough to call lasagna.. it's more of a veggie hash casserole. Terrific flavor!  Did not miss the meat at all. Loved this!  I did add mushrooms to the recipe and 1 1/2 cup broth otherwise no other changes.  It was not runny at all.  Another great recipe for our 4 meatless meal nights per week. followed someone's recommendation of using only 1 cup of broth, and I scooped the filling from the pan to not add excess liquidupdate: way better with fresh spinach and added mushrooms! This a wonderful casserole! After reading the reviews, I only used 1 cup of vegetable broth. I also used a 24 oz. jar of marinated artichoke hearts because that's what our store had. It was wonderful. It heated up very well in the microwave on low for leftovers. Highly recommend this dish! I think even someone who is a "meat and potatoes" person will really enjoy it. I rarely cook, and when I do, it sometimes doesn't go well. Well, this did!
