Szechuan Beef
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/20095/szechuan-beef/
Stir together soy sauce, cornstarch, garlic, and crushed red pepper in a non-metal bowl. Add steak and toss to coat. Cover the bowl and refrigerate for 20 minutes. Heat oil in a wok or large skillet over high heat. Stir-fry beef in hot oil until no longer pink, about 5 minutes. Add broccoli, onions, and water chestnuts; cook and stir for 2 minutes. Pour in broth and bring to a boil. Stir in peanuts; cook for 1 minute and serve hot.
This was really good!!! I mad a few changes though. Instead of the Soy Sauce, I used 1/2 cup of Yoshida's Original and then didn't have to use the corn starch, it's already thicker. Let it marinade for about an hour, and used mixed oriental veggies. My husband and I love spicy but the kids like it just "tasty", this was good! We added more chili peppers and it was great for us! (Of course we also added more garlic, love that too!) We had it over rice, good quick meal! I had trouble finding when to add broth.  I am using beef broth instead of chicken broth.  I'll let you know the results.It was flavorless. My boyfriend loved it. But he is too sweet to complain. I added extra garlic, chili crisp and extra onions.   If I  make this again, it will take be for my boyfriend.  I didn't like it at all. Bland, bland, bland. Had to break out the spice weasel. The recipe was very tasty and easy to make, I’ll be making this one again. Loved it.  Easy to make and tasted great.  A new favorite for my wife and I. NOT great szechuan. The quarter teaspoon red peppers does not add much heat. Recommend serving with some Chinese chili garlic paste. Also add bell peppers. But at this point it becomes a different recipe This was really bland. This was bad. Not spicy at all. Almost flavourless. And the chicken broth just ends up steaming the veggies. Soooo good!!! The only change I might do next time is to chop up the peanuts...then you have a little crunch with every bite! I substituted the watercrest with a cup of sliced red and green bell peppers. (1/2 of each pepper). Also, I only used 1/4 cup of peanuts I chopped up corsley. I served it on top of a rice medley from trader joe's with Brown rice, Red Rice and Black barley. I stir fried a cup of frozen peas and carrots in a tablespoon of sesame oil with a sprinkle of ground ginger and black pepper then added the rice.
