Beer Batter Fish Made Great
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/20107/beer-batter-fish-made-great/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat oil in a deep fryer to 365 degrees F (185 degrees C). Rinse cod fillets, pat dry, and season with salt and pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix flour, garlic powder, paprika, salt, and pepper in a large bowl; add egg and stir well to combine. Gradually mix in enough beer to make a thin batter. otdash Meredith Food Studio Dip cod fillets into the batter to coat. Carefully lower fillets, one at a time, into the hot oil. otdash Meredith Food Studio Fry several fillets at a time, turning once, until cooked through and golden brown, about 2 minutes per side. otdash Meredith Food Studio Drain on paper towels. Repeat to cook remaining fillets. Serve warm. otdash Meredith Food Studio
This recipe is just like you would find at a restaurant. For anyone that has a problem with the beer batter not sticking to the fish, I have a simple trick. Set out a bowl with about a cup of flour, and before you dip the fish in the beer batter, coat the fish in flour. Also- to keep them crispy, make sure to drain the excess oil on a paper bag after frying. You shouldn't have any problems after that! Great recipe! Made this gluten free. I used Bob's Red Mill 1 to 1 baking flour with excellent results. Additionally since most beer contains some gluten, I used Seltzer water. To substitute the flavors that beer would contribute, I added dried Thyme, Parsley and Dill weed. This will be my go-to battered fish recipe from now on! Fantastic!  Will drain using cooling rack in the future to keep it crisp. East, fast, and great texture. Used a hazy IPA and the flavor was great. Made this with rockfish fillets which are thin, so I didn't need as much oil - just enough so the fillets were basically covered when I put them in the oil. Used a Dutch oven on my stove and 2 minutes on each side was plenty. I didn't have any trouble with the batter sticking - made sure my fillets were patted dry with paper towels before dunking in the batter, and all was easy peasy! I did have a lot of batter left over - wish I had more fish to use it up! So this recipe made twice the amount of batter than I needed for 3.3lbs of cod.It was delicious, but I added a spice blend and used roasted granulated garlic rather than garlic powder.If I make this again I think I will try halving the recipe and seeing if that fixes the excess of batter. We have used this recipe for years.  It's definitely a family favorite.  Not quite the same as the "restaurant" but certainly close enough.  I've never had a problem with the batter sticking to the fish.  Sometimes we add a little cajun seasoning to it but other than that, it's perfect! Nice bright crunch! I think my husband would have loved more salt but I disagree! Served with rice pilaf and lemonade.
