Banana Banana Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/20144/banana-banana-bread/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9x5-inch loaf pan. Combine flour, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl. Beat brown sugar and butter with an electric mixer in a separate large bowl until smooth. Stir in eggs and mashed bananas until well blended. Stir banana mixture into flour mixture until just combined. Pour batter into the prepared loaf pan. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 60 minutes. Let bread cool in pan for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a wire rack to cool completely.
Excellent recipe!! I added 1/2 cup of chopped walnuts and brushed the top with a mixture of 1tbs water and 3 tbs brown sugar for a sweet crunch on top. Excellent recipe, I followed everything exact and it came out perfect, although I melted the butter some before I beat it with the brown sugar🥂 I will be sure to add pecans or walnuts next time! Phenomenal! Taking the reviews into account, here's my revised recipe:1 tsp baking powder 1 tsp baking soda 1/2 cup brown sugar and 1/2 cup sugar(in place of the brown sugar in the original recipe)1 tsp vanilla extract 1/2 tsp nutmeg1/2 tsp ground cinnamon I used 5 bananas, but next time I'll probably put 7 for a stronger flavor. Try to buy those discounted overripe bananas so you can skip the wait with a lower price, they add the flavor to. Lastly, sprinkle some chopped walnuts or peanuts for the crunch!All in all, an excellent recipe. Will definitely use this in the future! I have made this banana bread several times, and it always turns out great. I've made it exactly as written and it's great as is; but I've now tailored it to my family's preferences. I substitute one cup of white flour for whole wheat; use dark brown sugar; add a 1/2 tsp baking powder; add 1 tsp vanilla extract, 1 tsp cinnamon, 1/2 tsp nutmeg, 1/2 tsp cloves and 1/2 tsp salt. I usually end up using about 5 overripe bananas for this recipe. I also add about 1/4 cup of plain Greek yogurt to counteract the "dryness" that whole wheat flour can cause. When I make it, I combine all the dry ingredients. Then I cream the butter and brown sugar until fluffy; mix in eggs one at a time, and add vanilla with the last egg. Whip until fluffy. Alternate stirring the dry ingredients into the butter and sugar mixture, with the mashed bananas and Greek yogurt. Doing this adds a little bit of "lift" to the banana bread so it doesn't end up too dense. Like I said in the beginning of this review though: this recipe is good as-is too. It's nice that it also allows for customization to what you like. Thanks for the recipe! " ADDED ONE ADDITIONAL EGG, AND NEXT TIME I'M GOING TO ADD A HALF CUP MORE OF BROWN SUGAR "~~~ THE BANANA BANANA BREAD WAS DELICIOUS ( ALSO ) I ADDED JUST ABOUT A CUP OF WALNUTS ~~~SPLENDID IDEA IT WAS.......SMILING I like this basic recipe. I added an extra two bananas since they were in my freezer getting dusty and a half stick of cream cheese left over from an earlier dish and it was great. My wife loved it. Just made this. Turned out perfect!!! I followed the recipe with only two additions. Teaspoon of vanilla and chopped pecans. Thank you for sharing!!! I used this recipe yesterday & i'm using it again tonight:) this is great.. my changes i used a fine whole wheat flour, tonight i'm using oat flour. i didn't measure the bananas the first time, just picked 3 ripe ones, tonight i'm using 4. for me i lessened the sugar because if the bananas are over ripe you don't need a lot of sugar on top of that. i used barely a 1/4 cup of some organic sugar i had & it was barely that much, i added vanilla essence & my other stuff (nutmeg, cinnamon, ground cloves etc) also added some chopped walnuts. tonight i added some chocolate chips to the mix & i'm baking in a muffin tin instead but i took yesterday's batch to the office & i was lucky to have a slice for myself. this is a great recipe This recipe is so simple as well as amazing. I customized mine adding 1/2 C of Bran/Flax Seeds and 1 tsp Vanilla. I used greased mini-bundt pans and when cooled I filled the tops with Banana Pudding & a dollop of Whip Cream. Looked like a fancy dessert, but so easy to make - tastes great! I agree with suggestions - added 1 tsp vanilla, 1 tsp cinnamon, 1/2 tsp nutmeg. I made 21 cupcakes - 325 degrees for between 25 and 30 minutes. I also added a crumble topping 1/3 cup brown sugar, 2 tbs flour, 1/8 tsp cinnamon, 1 tbs butter. I creamed sugar and butter, incorporated egg one at a time, stirred in vanilla, stirred in banana, flour mixture and walnuts. They are yummy! This banana bread is GREAT...I doubled the recipe and added mini chocolate chips and a cup of pecan chips...used 6 medium sized very ripe bananas...baked at 350 for 65 minutes just like the recipe says to do..this made two large loaves of banana bread (shared one with my neighbor). Turned out super tasting...my son and neighbor liked it a lot...THANKS for sharing a great recipe..this recipe is a keeper for sure. Love this basic recipe. As with all recipes, I tweek to my liking. Instead of 1/2 c. butter I use 3/4 c. softened butter (not margarine). 1 tsp. Cinnamon, 1/4 tsp. nutmeg, 1/4 tsp. pumpkin pie spice, with the flour. I add 1 tsp. vanilla with egg and sugar mixture. Chopped pecans 3/4 c. I put timer on 50 minutes, check for doneness. I pour in two  give away loaf pans, keep one and give the other away! Simple easy and delicious This is an easy recipe to follow and make your own. I add honey to maintain moisture and I also add chocolate chips to add sweetness. I also brush the top with a brown sugar mixture. My husband ate the whole loaf in one night lol! My mom made it as we grew up and it's been a family favorite for generations and many more to come. It was good, although I added vanilla and less sugar. The crust was a little too hard for me, but the rest was nice Awful. Followed recipe precisely. Checked with a toothpick 10 minutes prior to their estimated time for completion. Bread smelled great, and looked great but was overly dense and dry, needed more sweetness than the brown sugar provided. Which is surprising as I usually complain things are too sweet for my taste.  Very disappointed. Needed to be  topped heavily with ice cream to tolerate it.
