Chocolate Chip Banana Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/20153/chocolate-chip-banana-bread-ii/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease two 9x5-inch loaf pans. In a large bowl, cream together shortening and sugar until light and fluffy. Stir in eggs one at a time, beating well with each addition. Stir in mayonnaise and bananas. Stir together flour, salt, baking powder, and baking soda. Blend flour mixture into banana mixture; stir just enough to evenly combine. Fold in chocolate chips and walnuts. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center of a loaf comes out clean, about 50 to 75 minutes. Cool loaves in the pans for 20 minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely.
This recipe is really good - I don't normally use shortening, so I substituted butter and it came out great. This has been my go too for years!!! Everyone raves about this banana bread! Make it! It will not disappoint👍❤️ Excellent. Grease pans well!!  My changes were to add a touch of cinnamon and  nutmeg. Also, used butter, and a full cup of chopped walnuts, 1c. of brown in place of 1c. white.  Sprinkle a bit of cinnamon sugar on top if want. Baked 60min. Loved it. I think you can change any part to your taste and this recipe would be great. I have made this recipe many times over the past 5-6 years.  It always turns out fantastic. My favorite b bread recipe- I only use half the amount of sugar and use half cup olive oil/half cup butter for shortening to still get butter flavor but a little healthier … My family and friends love this.  I do sub butter for the shorten and flour the walnuts and choc chips (another person reccomended this)  I made small single serving loaves.  Great with coffee in the morning  Susan Still in the oven but it sure smells good and the precooked mixed ingredients tasted great...LOL....and it was fun to make with the grand kids.  This is similar to another recipe I use.  The mayonnaise was a new ingredient for me so we are looking forward to tasting the finished product.  Also seeing if using a glass pan vs metal pan makes a difference as I only had one of each. For one loaf - Used half white sugar and half brown sugar.   Subbed in 1 tbs unsweetened apple sauce for the mayo.  Subbed half butter and half unsweetened applesauce for the shortening.  Omitted nuts.   Dusted chocolate chips with a teaspoon of flour from the recipe.  Added 3/4 tsp vanilla, 1/4 tsp each of cinnamon and nutmeg.  Baked at 325 for 70 minutes in a buttered and then sugar sprinkled loaf pan. The recipe makes two moist banana nut bread loaves. I would probably add some brown sugar and chopped nut mix to the top next time. Not crazy about adding mayo.
