Mongolian Beef and Spring Onions
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/201849/mongolian-beef-and-spring-onions/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat 2 teaspoons of vegetable oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add garlic and ginger; cook and stir until fragrant, about 30 seconds. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in brown sugar, soy sauce, and water. otdash Meredith Food Studio Increase heat to medium-high; stir until sauce boils and slightly thickens, about 4 minutes. Remove sauce from the heat and set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place beef into a large bowl; add cornstarch and mix until beef is thoroughly coated. otdash Meredith Food Studio Set aside until most of the cornstarch has been absorbed, about 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat vegetable oil in a deep skillet to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Shake excess cornstarch from beef slices and drop into hot oil, a few at a time, stirring briefly and frying until edges become crisp, about 2 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove beef with a large slotted spoon; drain on paper towels. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove excess oil from the skillet, then heat the skillet over medium heat; add beef slices and stir in prepared sauce. Add green onions and bring to a boil; cook until the onions have just softened and are bright green, about 1 to 2 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
Delicious!! But way too sweet. What I did the second time was to simply add tablespoons of the brown sugar until I found the right balance between the sweet and salty. Two tablespoons were enough for me. My best friend loved it. It was a little too sweet for me but I sprinkled it with red peppers and that corrected the issue for me. fantastic....mine looked just like the pic & tasted devine!! Less sugar So very glad I read reviews before making.  The recipe as written has WAY too much brown sugar.  A reviewer recommended 2T vs 2/3cup.  I doubled the recipe, but using only 3 1/2 T of brown sugar.  It was excellent! Next time use reduce brown sugar by 1/2. Now to sweet. Add an egg white to the cornstarch and beef , it helps the velveting process a lot. This was good good good. Three goods worth. I also slightly lowered the sugar amount (another reviewer suggested this). I don't need those extra cals, you dig? Delicioso flavors throughout this dish. My favorite part was the spring onions. I love a fresh spring onion. Also, I grilled my meat instead of frying. (remember the calories?) In summation, I give this recipe a 4.5, which I will round up to 5. I felt like a Mongol while eating this, that's how authentic it is.
