Bourbon Street Rib-Eye Steak
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/201851/bourbon-street-rib-eye-steak/
Whisk together the water, bourbon whiskey, soy sauce, brown sugar, Worcestershire sauce, and lemon juice in a bowl, and pour into a plastic zipper bag. Add the rib-eye steaks, coat with the marinade, squeeze out excess air, and seal the bag. Marinate in the refrigerator for 8 hours or overnight. Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat, and lightly oil the grate. Remove the rib-eye steaks from the marinade, and shake off excess. Discard the remaining marinade. Grill the steaks on high, 1 to 2 minutes per side, to sear the meat. Move the steaks to a cooler part of the grill and cook for an additional 2 to 3 minutes per side, if desired.
I love bourbon steaks that this marinade made for very tasty ones. Only thing I would change is that I would like a little sweeter flavor and will add more brown sugar next time and maybe make extra marinade so that I can baste the steaks while they cook. I pan seared it.  Always listen to the experts and meat usually comes out more done than I want.  From now on I will take off a couple of minutes per side when pan searing.  But the flavor was delicious The marinade was great! I will salt steaks after removing from marinade and before placing on grill. The flavor was amazing, I allowed the steaks to marinate for 10 hours. Leave the water out and you'll actually get flavor in the meat. This is indeed a wonderful recipe.  For the 1st time in over 50 years of marriage I was able to fix my husband a good steak - he was very pleased with the taste.  Thank you Judy & Allrecipes. My husband and I did NOT like this recipe.  I followed it to the T but the flavor seemed dead.  I usually just marinate with Worcestershire sauce but this one was not enjoyable. Delicious!   Used lemon and lime juice, and marinated 3 ribeyes for 48 hrs. Cooked one every 2 days. Flavored the fat really well. I followed the recipe to the fullest. The difference being, I baked it in the oven for one hour covered at 400°. I removed the foil, flipped the steaks over and cooked uncovered for an additional 40 minutes. I like my meat well done and no pink. I enjoyed the flavor. Great flavor. I made a couple changes. Used Appleton Dark Rum we had from one of our trips to the Caribbean. Also used Splenda brown sugar. And used a low sodium soy sauce.
