Pan-Seared Tilapia
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/201934/pan-seared-tilapia/
Rinse tilapia fillets in cold water and pat dry with paper towels. Season both sides of each fillet with salt and pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place flour in a shallow dish. Gently press each fillet into the flour to coat and shake off any excess. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook tilapia fillets in the hot oil, in batches if necessary, until fish flakes easily with a fork, about 4 minutes per side. otdash Meredith Food Studio Brush melted butter onto the tilapia fillets in the last minute before removing from the skillet. Drizzle fillets with lemon juice and garnish with parsley and thyme. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
First of all, my fish looked like the picture which AMAZED me because although I'm not a beginner cook I tend to over batter fish. This was AMAZING. My fiance loved it! There are things I changed just to suit my tastes...(I am sure the original recipe would have been just as good.) I added onto the normal salt and pepper...Old Bay, garlic salt, more paprika, a little ground red pepper, onion powder and then I dusted it with flour. What helped me know that the pan was hot enough was something I learned from the Food Network. I just took a tiny pinch of flour and tossed it in the oil...if it started to cook or bubble...that's how you know it's ready for the fish. I did not use the extra unsalted butter. THIS WAS AWESOME! My fiance ate the whole thing before I could sit down! He said it was better than his mom's! :) He even told his mom about it! Thank you so much for this dish! No just perfect as is Family liked it,  we tried some with just salt and pepper and some with old bay. I think my family preferred the old bay,  however are pleased with it all! I completely agree with the reviewer who said it came out exactly like the photos.  My wife loved it, without tartar sauce.   She NEVER eats fish without tartar sauce.   Our sides were potato puree and spinach.   We are going to do this again  and  often. Super simple yet one of the best. Will be a staple in my kitchen So easy and very satisfying.  My daughter and I both loved it!
