Chinese Eggplant with Garlic Sauce
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/201964/eggplant-with-garlic-sauce/
Heat oil in a large skillet over high heat. Cook and stir eggplant in hot oil until soft, about 4 minutes. Stir in water, garlic powder, and red pepper flakes. Cover and simmer until water is absorbed. Meanwhile, mix together soy sauce, oyster sauce, sugar, and cornstarch in a small bowl until sugar and cornstarch are dissolved. Stir sauce into eggplant until evenly coated. Continue cooking until sauce is thickened.
Good base recipe for Szechuan-style garlic eggplant. Need to season the eggplant with some salt/pepper a bit while frying. Jazz it up using fresh crushed garlic instead of the powder, at least 2 fat cloves, right at the end of stir-frying the egglplant (mellowing the garlic), along with some green onion. For more flavor, add extra dash of oyster sauce and a good dash of fish sauce, a little more pepper flakes as well. Goes very well with added thin-sliced pork/chicken/beef. Just toss it in after you get the eggplant stir fryin' for a couple mins (takes less time to cook). Eliminated the sugar. This is the 3rd time I made this in the last 2 months - it’s a keeper for sure. Along with the eggplant, I fried 1 bell pepper and a large onion, cut into strips.  I added about 1 tsp of red pepper flakes, and about the same of sugar.  I used Hoisin Sauce, which is already sweet, instead of Oyster Sauce, since I didn't have any.  Very happy with the result. Excellent!  I added onions, and peppers (because I needed to use them), and sliced fresh garlic instead of powder.  I did add salt but I like salty stuff.  So good!  I may add jalapenos, snap peas, mushrooms, chicken - I'm going to try lots of variations of this recipe.  Thank You!! I have been looking for this recipe for a while. To make it taste more like the restaurant's, I added 1 tsp of sesame seed oil to the eggplant and only 1 tsp of the red pepper flakes. This will definitely be a new addition to our family favorites. This was delicious. We will be using this sauce on many different things. Rich & Spicy but not over the top   Easy and very flavorful  This will be signature dish if I ever open a eatery
