Creamed Chipped Beef on Toast
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/20225/creamed-chipped-beef-on-toast/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Melt butter in a medium saucepan over low heat. Add flour and whisk until smooth. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add milk a little at a time, whisking well after each addition. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat and cook, stirring, until thickened. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in beef and cayenne; cook until warmed through. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve over toast. otdash Meredith Food Studio
My whole family just love it!! Instead of using jar of dried beef I just use 8oz. thin slices of beef lunchmeat "Budding" and it a lot cheaper!! Not salty at all and you don't even have to rinse!! You must try it and believe me, you won't be disappointed!!!! Just like dad used to make.Ummm I made it with Steak-Umm...just add a little salt and pepper. I love making old time recipes!!!   Unfortunately I don't think a 8 oz jar of dried beef exists anymore.  In my neck of the woods where it is made locally, they sell it in 3 oz bags so I have to purchase three!  Wonder when they will shrinkflate it to 2 ozs! Same old s**t.Tweak was a few dashes of Worstershire and small bag of frozen peas.  Adjust consistency as the peas cook they may release water or make it too pasty so softened butter is your friend. I use garlic. Do not use the beef in a jar from Walmart . Find a good deli and see if the have dried beef, my Amish market in Delaware has it. Way less salt and tastes so much better. This is my basic SOS recipe; however, I also use    Worcestershire. I got the recipe from my Grandfather's chef about 70 plus years ago. I love it --- breakfast, lunch or dinner.I also recommend using English muffins instead of bread. The nooks and crannies capture the sauce better than toast. Exactly like my mom made and I made and now my adult kids make for THEIR kids. Fast, EXTRA EASY,  and yummy. I sometimes use refrigerated biscuits instead of toast.
