Shoyu Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/202463/shoyu-chicken/
Whisk soy sauce, brown sugar, water, onion, garlic, ginger, black pepper, oregano, red pepper flakes, cayenne pepper, and paprika together in a large glass or ceramic bowl. Add chicken thighs and toss to coat evenly. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap; marinate chicken in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour. Preheat an outdoor grill to medium heat. Lightly oil the grate. Remove chicken thighs from marinade; discard remaining marinade. Grill chicken thighs on the preheated grill until no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 15 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
This is a favorite for the kids from Hawaii. However, we don't bar-b-que it. We do basically everything you say but we put a bag of frozen chicken thighs in a big pot, bring it to a boil and let it simmer for an hour or so (the longer the better. We then serve it over rice. It's one of those meals you can make when you forget to defrost something... dinner in an hour! I stir-fried bite sized pieces and skipped the red pepper flakes and the spice level was perfect for the whole family. I make this all the time and it’s amazing! Grilled teriyaki chicken perhaps, but NOT shoyu chicken. There are wayyyy to many ingredients, and the chicken should be simmered in the sauce and served with simple Calrose rice. I’ve eaten lots of shoyu chicken and I have the recipe in my head. But today when I wanted to teach my son to make it, I found this recipe that almost exactly matches my own mental recipe. After over 25 years in Hawai’i, it seems like the one closest to the one that the obachans taught me at the temples when I was a teen.One thing though, we don’t usually barbecue it but cook it in the oven. This recipe produced tasty chicken thighs, but I prefer shoyu chicken cooked in the sauce on the stove top. I do think this method would benefit from a longer marinade time (overnight). Make sure you watch them closely on the grill, as the sugar in the marinade will make them burn quickly. Good recipe but this is not Shoyu Chicken but Teriyaki Chicken. In Hawaii we BBQ or Fry our chicken after its been marinated than taken out of the sauce to cook (no water is used in the marinade but a little Rice Wine is added instead). Shoyu Chicken is simmered/braised in the sauce after marinating. To be honest, most of the time my family makes this when we forgot to defrost something for dinner so we boil chicken wings in lightly salted water for 25min, strain, and than simmer the boiled chicken in the sauce for another 20min. eggsellent! Made as written. Delicious! I won my office potluck with this recipe! Everyone that tries it likes it.I cook it in a pot similar the the top comment and finish it in the broiler.
