Tzatziki Sauce
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/20242/tzatziki-sauce/
Peel cucumbers; remove seeds with a spoon. Grate cucumber on the large holes of a box grater, then squeeze to drain excess liquid. queeze out as much liquid as you can to keep the tzatziki thick. You can place the grated cucumber in the center of a clean tea towel, then gather into a ball and squeeze out the excess cucumber juice In a food processor combine the grated cucumber with Greek yogurt, garlic, olive oil, dill, lemon juice, salt, and pepper. Blend until smooth. Serve immediately or for best flavor cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour before serving. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
The ingredients are correct in this recipe but it is missing a step that would solve the runniness problem. You must drain the yogurt in a colander for a few hours. This is the way they do it the Greek restaurants. You should also salt and drain the cucumbers for an hour. I tried this recipe and drained the yogurt first and it was great! This is very good. The flavor is just like the Greek restaurants.   I let the Greek yogurt drain through cheese cloth and a fine mesh strainer for a day or so until no liquid accumulated after emptying the bowl.  I like thick sauce and I have had an issue with this recipe ending up too runny even after draining the yogurt and squeezing the water out of the cucumbers.  I have read that English Cucumbers might work better because there is less water and fewer seeds.  Gonna try that next time. Delicious recipe! A little time consuming with the cutting, removing seeds and draining the cumbers but worth it. Did not have anything to drain the yogurt , just tipped the container over and drained as much as possible. It ended up being a little less thick , but still very good.Next time will try mixing by Hand instead of a using a food processor.Making kababs to go with the sauce. If you love a good Tzatziki sauce, save this one! It’s fresh and creamy and super easy to make. After following this recipe to a T(which turned out AMAZING!), I made it again, but sliced and salted the cucumbers, then let them drain overnight in a colander(over bowl), used a single clove of elephant garlic(makes peeling easier), and used a little extra dill for a slightly thinner sauce(more like a dressing for salad) that pops with flavor! Also, whole-fat Greek yogurt does wonders for this! Definitely will make again I was surprised by how well this recipe turned out.. I live pretty far north in Canada and fresh ingredients are hard to come by, so I used powdered garlic and dried dill. I have no idea how much juice is in half a lemon so I guessed at a tablespoon. I didn't strain the yogurt but I did add a bit of salt to the grated cucumber help pull the moisture out before I strained it.My only complaint would be to include measures for a tlbsp lemon juice and 3/4 cup of cucumber after being drained. Stuff like that. More experienced cooks can probably judge better than folks like me.This recipe makes a lot! And it's wonderful. Thank you! I used all of my energy to crush the cucumber through the strainer but it still came out watery.  Also, the flavor was just not that good.  Sad waste of ingredients.
