Easy Baklava
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/20287/easy-baklava/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Butter a 9x13-inch baking dish. Toss together nuts and cinnamon. Unroll phyllo and cut the whole stack in half to fit the dish. Cover phyllo with a damp cloth while assembling the baklava, to keep it from drying out. Place 2 sheets of phyllo in the bottom of the prepared dish. Brush generously with some of the melted butter. Sprinkle 2 to 3 tablespoons of the nut mixture on top. Repeat layers until all ingredients are used, ending with about 6 sheets of phyllo. Using a sharp knife, cut baklava into 4 long rows, then diagonally 9 times to make 36 diamond shapes. Be sure to cut all the way through to the bottom of the layers. Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown and crisp, about 50 minutes. While baklava is baking, combine sugar and water in a small saucepan over medium heat and bring to a boil. Stir in honey, vanilla, and lemon zest; reduce heat and simmer 20 minutes. Remove baklava from the oven and immediately spoon syrup over it. Let cool completely before serving. Store uncovered.
This is delicious!!! I made a couple of changes, I increased honey to 3/4 cup and added 1/8 teaspoon cloves. Next time I will use 8 layers of dough before adding the first layer of nuts, with only 2 layers of phyllo the bottom is very mushy. Mine was done in 43 minutes. thanks for your recipe! Used  less sugar solution. Still fasted great! Absolutely loved this simple recipe. Due to dietary restrictions we made it without any butter or oil at all and it was perfect.Can’t really understand why there is butter in the first place. It’s ALL about the syrup and layers and crispy top layers.We gave some away and received comments of “as good as I’ve had from any Greek cafe” and we didn’t tell them it was butterless!Amazing! Very yummy! Easy to modify as well. We made a ghost pepper honey one with orange? awhile back that turned out great! I'm confident a plain honey one would turn out great as well. There were a couple adjustments needed though, cutting the phyllo dough to fit my pan and I ended up with a different amount of layers not that easy it has a lot of steps and a lot of ingeredens. I made this with my 11 y.o. daughter and did some changes too. First time trying! We added 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg, used 3 types of nuts (peanuts,  cashew, almonds), and following a "suggestion" from a review here, we first place a layer of 8 sheets (divided by 2, buttered each time), before adding the 1st layer of nuts, that helped when cutting through it at the end... As this was a school project, we only used 1 roll of phyllo.... we also topped each slice with a mix of peanut and almond sweeten with some of the syrup. All in all, seems to have been a huge success! the best!!!!!i'm feel very happy, my friends and husband love it!!!thanks Super easy! First time cooking took me more time, but it was well spent. here is a photo of the end results. Used almonds and local Idaho dark honey. I can't wait to try it out when it cools down! I'm going to make this today I love Baklava
