Green Onion Cakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/203178/green-onion-cakes/
Use a fork to mix flour and boiling water in a large bowl. Knead dough into a ball. Cover bowl with plastic wrap; let dough rest for 30 to 60 minutes. Evenly divide dough into 16 pieces. Roll each piece into a 1/4 inch thick circle. Brush each circle with oil, season with salt and pepper, and sprinkle with about 1 teaspoon of green onions. Roll up, cigar style; coil each pancake and pinch open ends together to form a disc. Roll each circle flat to about 1/4 inch thickness. Heat 2 teaspoons oil in a large skillet. Fry cakes until golden brown, about 2 minutes on each side. Add more oil between batches, if necessary.
My grandmother used to make these when I was a child, and she always put onion powder in hers, to give it more of an onion flavour. I followed the recipe, with the addition of a teaspoon of onion powder, sea salt, and ground white pepper. I rolled them the way my grandmother did, which is to portion them out (16-18 per recipe), using hands, roll each portion into a hotdog-like shape, then with a rolling pin, roll out into a long, thin rectangle, about 1/8" thick. Brush with oil, sprinkle on green onions, and roll into cigar lengthwise. Next, take one end and begin coiling the cigar into a patty (like how a snake coils itself), and tuck the end tail under. Next, roll flat with rolling pin, again, 1/8" thick. I like to make two batches at a time, and freeze them, with parchment paper inbetween. No need to defrost when pan frying, just lower the temp a bit, and cook a bit longer. Sprinkle with salt and serve with hoisin sauce. Enjoy! GRRRREAT Great way to use up green onions. Tasty  with a bit of garlic powder added to the salt and pepper, and then dipping in hoisin sauce. TURNED OUT AWESOME! I modified to something a little different though! Added shredded chicken and mozzarella to stuff.I followed the recipe for the dough exactly but came out a little dry so had to add a little extra water.Shredded chicken and mixed with shredded mozzarella and chopped green onions for the filling.Came out very good, hit with extra salt and pepper when they came out of the pan topped with scallion and a little mozzarellaDefinitely will make again, need to make a sauce next time! Verh simple recipe, easy to follow! I used butter and a sprinkle of sea salt before rolling up with the onions. I made a dip with hoisin, sriracha, soy sauce, fish sauce, and a bit of honey garlic sauce. All to taste! Also good if you add a splash of rice wine vinegar in there as well. Delicious!! You can use yogurt instead of boiling water though! I made this recipe with green onion and shrimp and it was delicious I seldom comment, why, who knows?  But, these are off the charts good.  I read the reviews and added salt, pepper and onion powder to the flour, before mixing with water.  They’re wonderful! I followed someone else's advice by adding white pepper & sea salt and everything came out excellent!
