Banana Pancakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/20334/banana-pancakes-i/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine flour, white sugar, baking powder, and salt in a bowl. Mix together egg, milk, vegetable oil, and bananas in a second bowl. Stir flour mixture into banana mixture; batter will be slightly lumpy. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium high heat. Pour or scoop the batter onto the griddle, using approximately 1/4 cup for each pancake. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook until pancakes are golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes per side. Serve hot. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO
Just a tip for fuss free banana mashing... stick them in a zip-lock bag, zip and squeeze! When you're done cut a corner off and you have a pour spout! I do the same for marinades and everything else of the sort! So much cleaner! And less dishes to boot! As it's written, this is too thin.  The first batch I made reminded me more of crepes.  I added flour to the remaining batter to come to a consistency that would make fluffier pancakes.  Next time, I will add even more extra flour or cut back on the milk.  The flavor is great, though!  And, a nice change of pace for using leftover bananas (other than the tried and true banana bread)!  I can easily see where you could cut out the sugar in this recipe as well. Perfect recipe to use up those bananas and prepare pancakes ahead for the week. These were the best pancakes 🥞 I have ever made 😋 I needed to use two overly ripe bananas on our campout. These were easy to make and delicious o’ the Blackstone griddle., I just followed the directions.  I learned from other pancake recipes to never over stir. Fold just enough for the flour to be absorbed. They came out very fluffy. .These were easy fast and tasty.I wanted to eat the whole batch myself.  I had to tell myself to safe half for tomorrow. Easy recipe to follow. My pancakes didn't turn out perfect maybe because it was the first try in a long time that I haven't tried to make them. And also my frying pan is not new so the non stick property is not at its best. But I enjoyed following the steps and will continue to try again in another day. A bit watery so added a little more flour. Also, only used one banana, and added chocolate chips and chopped macadamia nuts. I just needed a basic recipe.; ) Loved the simplicity of the recipe. I didn't add the sugar due to my family not being able to consume extra sugars. This recipe was great without the sugar. Definitely making this again.
