Ginataang Manok (Chicken Cooked in Coconut Milk)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/204821/ginataang-manok-chicken-cooked-in-coconut-milk/
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat and stir in ginger. Cook and stir until fragrant and lightly browned. Remove ginger and set aside. Season chicken with salt and pepper. Place chicken in the same skillet over medium-high heat without crowding. Cook until chicken is lightly brown on all sides. Return ginger to the skillet and add coconut milk. Bring to a boil, then cover with the lid tilted to allow steam to escape. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer, stirring occasionally, until chicken is no longer pink at the bone, about 30 minutes. Stir in spinach and simmer uncovered until spinach is warmed through, 8 to 12 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.
Wonderful tasting, easy recipe! I didn't have fresh ginger so I used powdered. I also used boneless chicken breasts, and only one can of coconut milk because that's all I had. And it was still delicious! Even my kids loved it ... and ate the spinach. *shock* I'd like to try this recipe exactly the way it's written sometime. I'm sure it would be even better. I served this over jasmine rice with a side of stir-fried veggies (eggplant, zucchini, red and yellow peppers). Delicious, healthy, quick dinner.  It was a simple recipe to follow and good. But seemed a little bland to me. Maybe my ginger wasn't fresh.  I used peas in place of spinach, just because it's what I had. Chicken was a bit bland, although it was good when eaten with the spinach (I used fresh)…could have used mushrooms, and overall a bit more seasoning. So tasty and easy, I added the spinach and 1 red pepper chopped plus a 1/2 cup of rice ..all ingredients fused together beautifully …definitely will make it again the same way Really tasty chicken. My sauce broke, probably because I cooked it longer than directed so turned into just fat, but I wasn't sure if it was supposed to be a saucy dish anyway. I added onions and garlic and a bit of siracha. Next time I would do the same, and with more ginger. I hadn't had this before and would definitely use this recipe again. It's such a good recipe that I've made it 3 times in one week. I used skinless thighs, and fresh ginger (a lot!) and garlic. I didn't have spinach so I sauteed fresh mushrooms and added a nice handful of  spring onions. The taste is amazing. Thank you for the recipe. Very nice. I added fresh garlic, shallot and fresh green chilli. Even my fussy 10yr old ate it. Tasteful! I sautéd garlic, ginger initially. Removed it from the pan. Cooked the chicken (cut and rubbed with all the spices below). Added potatoes, red bell peppers, baby corn/chestnuts. Sprinkled onion powder, garlic salt, ginger powder, salt & pepper. Sautéd it a bit more before I added the 2 cans of coconut milk. I simmered on the stove for 20 mins before I added the spinach. And I sprinkled the above spices again and let it cook for another 5mins. Family liked it. I just made this Chicken Recipe and I like it, but it may be too spicy. Thanks for the Article. it helps me a lot. and I have seen Another Recipe it was so good at making and It too Delicious Here you look at up https://www.wahrecipes.com/chicken-curry-with-homemade-coconut-milk/ This is sooooO good! I added a teaspoon of paprika powder for smoky flavour. I din't have spinach so I used potato and carrots instead. #foodgasm
