Pork Sinigang
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/204958/pork-sinigang/
Heat vegetable oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add onion; cook and stir until softened and translucent, about 5 minutes. Season with salt. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in ginger, tomatoes, and pork chops. Cover and reduce heat to medium-low. Turn the pork occasionally, until browned. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour in water and tamarind soup base. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer until the pork is tender and cooked through, about 30 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in green beans and cook until tender. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Pork sinigang is my absolute favorite filipino dish. One of the most delicious things about sinigang is that you can add almost any kind of leafy green vegetable like bok choy, baby bok choy, or spinach. My family has always included a lot of green vegetables. In addition, we add radishes. Lots of radishes. Then the end result is a full complete meal. Try using pork country ribs as well which is absolutely delicious. its amazing My absolute favorite Filipina dish. Sometimes I used pork spareribs or pork stew meat. I always make with chicken stock, bok choy & garlic is a must. A pinch of vinegar adds slight tanginess. Serve over rice like a soup, such comfort food! i love sinigang,but i would recommend using pork belly instead of pork chops. so much more flavorful. I also like small cuts of pork for my Sinigang. Liked this recipe! So easy to make! I used pork ribs and cooked them for about an hour. Though I think I should’ve cooked them longer to be more tender. I also skimmed off the floaties that surfaced when boiling the pork. I like to add taro, green beans, Chinese eggplant, and mustard greens. I also add the soup mix last. I use a packet and a half because I add more water (I like it more soupy) and sour. Definitely need to serve over rice. I enjoyed this very much. I added some spinach and shrimp to make it a bit heartier, family loved it! I follow this recipe pretty closely except I make it more like a soup (I add 2 cups of water and then boil each 2 cups before getting to a total of 8 cups) I also don’t use very much ginger. The tiny bit i DO use i chop very finely. Also, once all 8 cups come to a boil I turn it all the way down to simmer and add OKRA and BOK CHOY along with the green beans - cook on simmer for like 20 mins for the veggies. I love tomatoes so I also add 1-2 more depending on size of the tomato. My entire family LOVES it! It’s been a hit! It’s def a HIGH DEMAND meal, they ask me to make it at least once every other week! thanks for this recipe :) Honestly, I tried this recipe and it just wasn't like others I've tried. I did a major swap out from pork chops to country style ribs, pork shoulder/pork butt or picnic pork, basically something with fat. My two VEGES of choice (besides standard onion and garlic) are daikon (white Japanese radish) and mustard greens (I prefer Chinese mustard greens but American mustard greens work well to) Also, i don't like the ginger or potatoes in recipe.  I'm not a fan of green beans, tomatoes or eggplant in it. But if it's in it, I'll still eat it. I've never used knorr sinigang seasoning powder. I prefer a brand I find called "mamasita"Sinigang mix.
