Best Ever Popcorn Balls
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/20519/best-ever-popcorn-balls/
Gather all ingredients. Place popped popcorn into a large bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine corn syrup, butter, water, confectioners' sugar, and marshmallows in a saucepan over medium heat. Heat and stir until the marshmallows have melted and the mixture comes to a boil. otdash Meredith Food Studio Carefully pour hot marshmallow mixture over popcorn and toss together to coat each kernel evenly. otdash Meredith Food Studio Grease hands with cooking spray and quickly shape coated popcorn into balls before it cools too much to shape. otdash Meredith Food Studio Wrap balls with cellophane or plastic wrap and store at room temperature. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
Love this soft chewy recipe!!!! EASY!!! A quick way to make balls is to oil a cup(measuring cup works well) ans stuff coated popcorn in. A tap to the bottom of the cup onto waxed paper leaves beautiful balls! Yum!! I've made them a few times and love them but add 2 teaspoons of vanilla to flavour Remember to butter hands before playing in coated popcorn or it'll stick!. These were terrible. They had no flavor.  I usually have great luck making the allrecipes highest rated recipe for a given dish. The top rated caramel corn is amazing. Very sweet!!! Too much powder sugar and very very very hard to form into a ball. I put notes down and my fam loved it Used Mediterranean Mommy's ideas (less sugar, adding salt and flavor) but instead of "regular" powdered sugar I whirred up some brown sugar in my Vitamix and used that instead. this best   Halloween recipe any time Easy enough to make but I felt like they didn't have ANY flavor. Next time I'll add vanilla and salt. I will never understand why a recipe that MUST BE ALTERED to be edible has 4 or 5 stars. Also wasted a TON of powdered sugar. Name should be changed to easiest popcorn balls, they certainly are not the best ever. Easy, straightforward recipe and delicious! after dinner treat with left over movie popcorn 👍 I chose this recipe because I needed a treat for a classroom that was gluten free and dairy free. I used a dairy free butter in place of margarine . (I don’t know the difference, so I mention it).For the recipe, I learned that five quarts of popcorn is exactly two batches of popped kernels if you follow the directions on the kernel bag. When you take the mixture off the heat, it is very hot! And stays hot for a bit before cooling rather quickly. The popcorn balls formed easier once the mixture cooled a bit. If you form the balls with bare hands, grease often, as it gets sticky and web-like when the cooking spray wears off. This recipe made 20 baseball sized popcorn balls. They seem like rice Krispy treats but with popcorn Instead of puffed rice. I think the kids will love them! Muy sabroso y una buena idea por hacer como comida de dedos. Gracias!
