Indian Shrimp Curry
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/205544/indian-shrimp-curry/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat peanut oil in a large skillet over medium heat; cook and stir onion in hot oil until translucent, about 5 minutes. Remove the skillet from heat and allow to cool slightly, about 2 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add garlic, turmeric, ginger, cumin, paprika, and chile powder to onion in the skillet; stir over low heat to bloom spices, about 30 seconds. Stir in tomatoes, coconut milk, and salt. Bring to a boil for 1 minute, then reduce heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in shrimp and cilantro; simmer until shrimp is warmed through, about 1 minute. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
Holy Cow!!! This was amazing! I am so happy to have found this recipe because it really is authentic tasting. I will probably increase the spice by 1/2 next time, because I want even more of that indian flavor. Thank you so much. This dish is absolutely delicious!  The instructions are clear and the result is a very subtle, balanced blend of flavors that work so well together that my husband and I were amazed.  We have now made it twice and are making it again tonight for supper.  Definitely worth following it exactly, to achieve the balanced flavor.  (The second time, we added some sweet miniature bell pepper slices, but it was not quite as balanced, so I highly recommend not adding anything that has such a distinctive flavor, if you do "play" with the recipe as we often do.  This one is perfect just as it is written.) added 1 tsp. curry powder. extra cilantro. served with basmati rice The recipe was so easy to follow.  I changed one item to raw shrimp as it provides more flavor.  LOL No need to pay any more high prices for one of my favorite dishes and I used very large shrimp and put in only 1 pound.  Thanks for this recipe.  ;-) I loved it! Very easy and quick! Added 1tsp curry and .5 tsp cayenne. Drained tomato and full can of cream. Tasty. I jumped the gun and added the coconut milk before stir-frying the seasoning with the onions. I then got crazy and added one diced chicken breast, sliced baby portabellas, and sliced red bell peppers along with a chili pepper and a few green Cardamons but no Cilantro.   It was fantastic served with rice.   I love Indian food and now I can make it ie with a twist. This was so yummy. I didnt add tumeric as I didnt have it at home. I replaced canned tomatoes with fresh ones and added a bit of lemon juice at the end. Next time, I would add some butter to it - I think it might add some thickness and nice flavor to it. I would definitely repeat this recipe.
