Quick Camping Pineapple Cakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/205632/quick-camping-pineapple-cakes/
Spray the aluminum sheets with cooking spray, and place a sponge cake shell in the center of each sheet. Spoon the crushed pineapple into the cakes, dividing it equally, and sprinkle each cake with about 1 teaspoon of brown sugar and about 2 teaspoons of nuts. Top each cake with 3 maraschino cherries, and drizzle 1 to 2 teaspoons of the pineapple juice over each cake. Wrap the cakes in the foil, leaving some room at the top for air circulation. Place the foil packs onto the embers of a campfire until the cakes are hot and bubbling, about 10 minutes.
I am the poster of the recipe…here are some “Side Notes” - You can find the sponge cakes in the bakery and/or produce department. They're typically used to make strawberry shortcakes. Also, the can of crushed pineapple did not contain enough juice on our last trip, so I used some of the liquid from the jar that the maraschino cherries came in. Also, some clarification on the cooking, you’ll want to pull embers from the main part of the fire and not cook directly in the campfire(I do about 95% of my camp cooking via the campfire). I have an adjoining ring branched off the main fire where I pull embers and do my cooking..either using a grate (pots/skillet) or cooking in the embers (foil packs, corn/potatoes, dutch oven). You can regulate the temp a little better this way..adding more embers or taking embers away if needed. Only gosh there is not enough stars for this review !!!!! It is amazing and delish !!!!!!!  I love this perfect combination between sweet and fruit!!!! Love this all my family loved it too !!! there were gone so fast it was ridiculous!!! We have made something similar for years but always used plain cake donuts.  I love the idea of shortcake cups because they are easy to find.  These cook quickly and should not be put directly on hot coals or they will burn.  Indirect heart  while sitting up on the grill will work.  Yummy! Forgot to bring more foil so we just cooked the pineapple, brown sugar, and marischinos over the fire until it started to thicken and poured over the cakes. Soooo yummy! I made one change--when I made the topping, I used 1/4 cup brown sugar, four tablespoons flour, four tablespoons butter and a quarter cup pecans. I sprinkled the topping over each individual "cake". I wasn't camping when I made this--the kids and I made this in the foil packets but baked them on a cookie sheet in a 350* degree oven for about 20 minutes. This was incredibly easy to assemble and it was a big hit with everyone, even the adults. I served each "cake" with a dollop of Cool Whip. Excellent "pantry" dessert. what a refreshing change from the standard s'more!  The first time I tried it didn't go so well.  After following the instructions they burned.  So 10 minutes in the embers is just too much.  A few minutes on the grate not directly over a flame works very well!! My 16 year old daughter made this for the family while camping.  It was delicious.  We used less pineapple than called for but it was still a wonderful treat and a nice change of pace from s'mores! A total hit with the grandkids and a nice change from somore's These were pretty good, but we didn't care to much for the smokey flavor.  Do not put them in flames! These were a big hit! I forgot the cherries and pecans when we went camping, so just made them without and they were gobbled up. Thanks for this great recipe!
