Fried Cabbage and Egg Noodles
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/206120/fried-cabbage-and-egg-noodles/
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add egg noodles and cook until the pasta is tender yet firm to the bite, about 5 minutes; drain. Meanwhile, melt butter in a large skillet over low heat. Add cabbage and season with salt and pepper. Cover and cook until the cabbage begins to brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Add cooked noodles; cook and stir until the noodles begin to brown, about 5 minutes.
This was delicious! I cut up an onion and two cloves of fresh garlic which I added to the cabbage and 1/2 stick of butter. When the noodles were done, I added a tablespoon of butter to the noodles before adding them to the cabbage mixture. I will make this again and maybe cut up a small ham steak to add a little meat to this dish. Thank you for the recipe! My Hungarian grandfather made a version of this he called Káposztás Kotzka - squared cabbage (although I see it called Káposztás Tészta in online recipes). He included onions and lots (I mean LOTS) of paprika. Perfect for cold fall or winter days. Like other responders, I like to add bits of ham or bacon or kielbasa-type sausage. We call this lazy pirogi because we add onion to the cabbage while sauteing and top the final dish with cottage cheese. ive been making this for years. I also add onion and smoked sausage cut in coins. my seasoning is salt and garlic pepper. at the end I add grated cheese I read several versions of this recipe and used thinly sliced onions, one whole stick of butter and a bag of preshredded cabbage in a big pot. The browning gives flavor and you need to stir often to keep the butter from burning. Add drained noodles when done and mix throughly. Real comfort food!! I love it .  I added sliced onion & bacon. I used the bacon grease for part of the butter. Yummmm! I like noodles in any dish, but I think this is better, more flavorful and more nutritious when you add sautéed onions, garlic, mushrooms or any other favorite vegetables.  The onions are a must, though.  You could also make it a meal by adding leftover rotisserie chicken, ground beef or any other protein of your choosing. I thought this was just a concoction my mom made up when I was a kid,but then I Googgled and your recipe was the 1st one to pop up. Underwhelmingly  bland!  This is WW2 food at its simplest for. My German grandmother never made this! She made cabbage rolls, instead. Was für ein Schwachsinn seid ihr Leute? I made a big batch of cabbage and ham piece I had in my ice box yesterday to eat today.  Came across your recipe and I had some egg noodles and thro it in to my cabbage soup and it was incredible....sooooo THANK YOU so much for that idea. This was a great side dish.  The second time I made it I had some leftover pork steak so I cut it up and added It when I added the noodles.  It made a great entree. This is called Haluski.  I make it often, but instead of buying a head of cabbage, I buy a bag of precut cole slaw.....  then I fry the cole slaw cabbage in tons of butter, and onions,  and add cooked noodles.
