Cottage Meatloaf
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/20621/cottage-meatloaf/
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a 9x5-inch loaf pan with aluminum foil. Make meatloaf: In a large bowl, mix ground beef, bread crumbs, ketchup, tomato juice, onion, eggs, mustard, salt, pepper, and crushed red pepper together until well combined. Press mixture into the prepared pan. Make topping: In a separate bowl, mix ketchup, brown sugar, and mustard together until smooth. Spread mixture over meatloaf. Bake in the preheated oven until no longer pink, 35 to 45 minutes. Drain off fat. Let rest for 5 minutes before serving.
This is a great meatloaf recipe. In fact I still have the original card from Great American Recipes I got in the mail that it came on. If you don't want it to be mushy, use lean ground beef (90/10) and put in extra bread crumbs until you get the desired consistency. I use italian style bread crumbs. Also, for the mustard use dijon. I use 1/8 tsp. of cayenne pepper instead of crushed red pepper. You may have to cook it for 50-55 minutes depending on your oven. I also double the sauce and add more brown sugar to it. No changes, perfect as is! I'v e made this meatloaf for thirty years, only omitting salt, but add 1 packet of onion soup mix....and I let it rest in fridge for about an hour before cooking.......or make the loaf the night before and cook next day.    it's the only  one for me :) This has become my go-to recipe for meatloaf. We love it! It is moist and tasty. Sometimes I add some bell pepper or bacon bits to add a bit of zing but the recipe is perfect as-is! I use panko breadcrumbs for this recipe; it holds everything together better! To ramp up the flavor just a little bit it needs some bell pepper in it it’s pretty bland without a different flavor in there. But I really like the recipe I skipped the tomato sauce, mustard, and red pepper flakes (didn’t have them).  Was still delicious.  Based on the reviews I did not add more ketchup to replace, I just went with it and it was delish. good solid recipe - I substituted half the ground beef with ground pork and formed the meatloaf in the pan but baked it outside the pan to remove the grease - very good I didn’t love it. It was ok but I called my mom after to ask how she makes hers because I knew it had a much better taste. This has become our only go to meatloaf recipe for the past three years.  No modifications needed for me. A friend brought it to us for a dinner gathering and we fell in love with it. very good family really enjoyed I changed one thing I added bell pepper for more flavor will make again
