Cinnamon and Sugar French Waffle Toast
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/206433/cinnamon-and-sugar-french-waffle-toast/
Preheat a waffle iron according to the manufacturer's instructions, and spray with cooking spray. In a shallow bowl, whisk together the eggs, milk, vanilla extract, sugar, and cinnamon. Dip each piece of white bread into the egg mixture. Cook in the preheated waffle iron until golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes.
I give this a 4 star rating because I think the recipe needs a slight adjustment. First off, there was too much milk for the amount of egg. I ended up adding 2 more eggs to even it out. I don't think it needed the sugar as to me syrup is plenty of sugar. I did however end up adding 1 TBS of the sugar just for the sake of the recipe and that was plenty (although, I'm not someone who likes overly sweet stuff). It would be find without the sugar altogether. I did, however, LOVE the idea of cooking the french toast in the waffle iron!! I thought that was the neatest idea and it made it a bit fun to eat as well. The only complaint I had was that the crust tended to get very tough and chewy. I would suggest cutting off the very outer of the crust before cooking it. Although, that might have had something to do with the fact that I used wheat bread instead of white. Either way, I did enjoy the recipe and will definitely be making it again. :) First one turned out great! I used French bread and dressed it up with maple syrup, whipped cream and strawberries. The second batch started to stick but I rescued it in time. The recipe was great. I personally prefer a little more cinnamon and sugar...that's completely subjective, though. I will definitely use the recipe, again. I followed this recipe and these waffles came out delicious! They were soft on the inside and crispy on the outside, perfect! So simple and delicious. Will be a family favorite for years to come. Only suggestion is go light on the syrup... but don't you dare change the recipe!  :-) We love this recipe.  I have four kids who ask me all the time to make this.  It's so yummy because you get this nice crispy edge but then the warm, soft inside.  We have a diabetic in the family and her numbers always spike with traditional waffles or pancakes, so this is perfect because I can use a low carb bread and know exactly what her carb intake is and that she won't spike.  This recipe allows us to feel like we can treat ourselves to a yum breakfast and not have to alter the meal for my daughter.  I set my waffle maker to 2 minutes and 45 seconds to get slightly crispier edges.  Don't forget to spray both sides of the waffle maker, though, or you'll end up picking it out in pieces...not fun.  And, I always love to add a dash of cloves to give the cinnamon a little kick.  And I supplemented Splenda for the sugar.  To make this a "manly" meal for my husband, smear on peanut butter and sliced up bananas, top with syrup.   You can't go wrong. LOVED IT!!!!!  Grand kids thing grandma is the best.  Thanks Tried it twice, my kids just loved it.  Wonderful idea of a french toast in a waffle maker. I followed the recipe as written.  Taste great.  My 2 year old loved it.  A great alternative to what is normal.  Thanks for the formula. Yummy and wonderful idea!  Everyone in my family really enjoyed them and loved the idea of french toast waffles!!  Will definitely make again!
