Miso Soup with Shiitake Mushrooms
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/208297/miso-soup-with-shiitake-mushrooms/
Heat vegetable broth to a boil in a saucepan. Add mushrooms; reduce heat to low, and simmer 4 minutes. Whisk miso paste and soy sauce together in a small bowl; stir into broth along with tofu and continue cooking 1 minute more. Divide soup among bowls; top with green onions to serve.
This was delicious, quick, and healthy. I made it as written except that I added a bit of dried wakame (seaweed) after the mushrooms. Used half a "brick" of tofu. Amazing Recipe! Makes enough for even the hungriest of people! Very versatile recipe! It as very good as written. My second try I used enoki mushrooms, thin sliced radish and rice noodles. Still a five star! First time ever using miso,I truly dig this soup The taste was awesome, but the presentation of the soup could use some work. I admittedly messed up on the order of the ingredients (added miso paste and soy sauce before chicken broth boiled) and then added the shiitake mushrooms and it didn’t come out nearly as creamy or cloudy looking as the pictures. It took on a more brown hue that wasn’t quite as appetizing looking. I might try white Cremini mushrooms next time and follow the recipe more closely This was delicious, but perhaps because of the miso I used, I had to add 1.5 cups of water to the 2 serving portion I made because it was too salty. I might try adding seaweed, daikon, enoki, and other ingredients next time to make it a little more interesting. Added wakame seaweed, turned out great. Came up with this recipe for my brother´s birthday and everyone was amazed! thank you so much. I bought the Shiitakes online and the quality was amazing. Although, I'll be needing more shiitakes recipes because I bought the big jar! help ! Simply delicious , and healthy.  I followed the instructions and added Bak Choy . Yum ! Highly recommend Great recipe.  I made it once with the soy sauce, but it was too salty.  I left it out the second and the family loved it.  I also added pieces of seaweed with the green onions.
