Sheet Pan Roasted Vegetables
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/21009/sheet-pan-roasted-vegetables/
In a large bowl mix the zucchini, eggplant, carrots, tomatoes, onions and peppers with the oil, rosemary, thyme, bay leaves, oregano, garlic, lemon juice, lemon zest, salt and pepper. Cover and chill for at least 2 hours, and preferably overnight. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). On a large roasting pan, roast the vegetables, uncovered, for 20 minutes, or until the tomatoes have split and the edges of some of the vegetables are starting to crisp. Remove from the oven and stir before returning to the oven for another 20 minutes. At this time reduce heat to 200 degrees F (95 degrees C) and continue cooking until vegetables are tender, turning every 20 minutes.
I always thought "toss vegetables in oil, rosemary... maybe a little balsamic vinegar" and you have roasted vegetables... until I tried THIS recipe! I don't know whether it's the lemon juice, the combination of herbs or the marinating before hand, but I will NEVER make roasted vegetables any other way. You could pretty much substitute any of your favourite veggies and this dish would be a success. My husband AND kids raved about these vegetables (especially the zucchini!) Thank-you for this recipe! Very flavorful I put some pineapple juice in it and some basil syrup. It made the veggies taste amazingly delicious. First time I made it I added mushrooms, and it was delicious. Second time I added cooked shrimp and again I had a great dinner. I could eat these veggies every meal every day. I mix the 4 dried ingredients in bulk, then use 3 tsp when I make and add to the rest of the ingredients to save time.  it is my go to for any veggies I have! Easy to put together. Makes delicious veggies and you can substitute ingredients to use up the vegetables that you have to reduce waste.  Very flavorful. I have made this a couple of times now, each a rousing success!  This dish is basically what my great-grandmother would have called a kitchen sink dish - Open the fridge and throw in everything but the kitchen sink!  It is so versatile and forgiving. The key is in the marinating and the high temp and the lemon...oh heck....it just works!  Other versions I have tried just don't have that little something that just pushes this over the top.  Play with it...use whatever you have and experiment a little.  Have fun! So easy to follow and tried different herbs and spices. I just used what I had on hand from the garden, which was onions, peppers, butternut squash, zucchini, a granny smith apple, garlic, and tomatoes.  The apple was odd, but not bad.  I thought there wasn't enough oil, so I added more.  Don't do that. 1/2 cup is more than enough.  I only marinated it for an hour and it was fine.  It was done after 20 minutes on 400.  It didn't need any more time on 200.
