Good Old-Fashioned Pancakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/21014/good-old-fashioned-pancakes/
Sift flour, baking powder, sugar, and salt together in a large bowl. Make a well in the center and add milk, melted butter, and egg; mix until smooth. Heat a lightly oiled griddle or pan over medium-high heat. Pour or scoop the batter onto the griddle, using approximately 1/4 cup for each pancake; cook until bubbles form and the edges are dry, about 2 to 3 minutes. Flip and cook until browned on the other side. Repeat with remaining batter.
It kills me how people go in and mutilate a perfectly good recipe. Then you have bad reviews and more mutilations. I read these reviews and decided I'd make the recipe just as it calls and I recommend not changing a thing (except maybe adding 1/2 tsp of vanilla to your egg mixture). I DO recommend sifting the flour, twice. That makes for a fluffier pancake. Let your egg and milk set at room tempurature and use unsalted butter. Beat your egg, add the melted butter and beat lightly until blended, then lightly beat in your milk (careful not to overbeat your egg). Add to your dry mixture. Your result is a fluffy, delicious, good old fashion pancake. This is one is a keeper! This reminded me of the pancakes my grandma used to make. Very tasty and fluffy. I subbed oil for butter because I didn't have enough to spare, hate when I run out something. The were a hit with my wife. A few things I'd note is 1, don't beat the dickens out of the batter, once all incorporated stop. 2, let it set for a bit. 3, preheat your pan to medium or the light side of medium high. 4, do the sifting and lastly if you use butter make sure you whisk it right away, don't let the butter gel up or sub in oil like I did. 3 and a Half Teaspoons of Baking Powder?!?!?!? That must be a misprint. You would definitely taste it at that concentration. I would use no more than one teaspoon. Buttery, fluffy pancakes. Will be using this one again! I made them in the blender, adding the wet ingredients first and added some vanilla. Blitzed for about 10 seconds until it was all mixed in and let it sit for 5 minutes before cooking. They were absolutely perfect and got the stamp of approval from my partner who only likes the boxed stuff Great recipe and so easy! I switched the regular milk for buttermilk, it was amazing! These are stellar! I wanted pancakes on a whim for a special New Year’s Day brunch and whipped these up quickly and easily. I substituted butter milk, added a touch of vanilla extract, and did half of them with spicy chopped pecans mixed in (sweet and spicy pecans from Trader Joe’s, specifically) and they were wonderful. Incredible! If you like raspberries, I really recommend you add in some fresh, whole raspberries at the end. It makes a delicious almost berry compote inside the pancake that gives it such a fresh taste - honestly was one of yummiest things I’ve ever made. Additionally, made some slight modifications to the recipe which turned out good: only 1/2 tsp salt and I added in 1/2 tsp vanilla extract. Great recipe ...I needed to make some adjustments and it was still great. I used 1/4 c of almond flour not be choice, but when you run out, you make do.... I also added a teaspoon of vanilla and I used xylitol for the 1 teaspoon of sugar. Everyone loved them....thank God for all the old recipe boxes of our mothers. I am a stay at home Dad and I found an easy trick if you have multiple children for this recipe and not enough time to make flap jacks while you have screaming lil one's running around your feet..Just make 2x the recipe and pour batter into a 9x13 tray (preferably glass) and throw it in the oven at 375 degrees for about 30-45min give or take..You can cut it into squares and it's super filling. My children love this recipe made this way and also you can add some fruit in the batter if you like. I made these over the weekend while my daughter and I were camping. I added a tsp of vanilla, used brown sugar instead of white (because that is what I had) and a little more milk because I like a thinner batter. They were a tad saltier than I like so next time I plan on reducing it a bit. They turned out fantastic even on the beat up, million degree coleman camp stove! I tried this recipe yesterday preparing my twin grandsons their first "pancake" meal - everyone loved this recipe! Like others before me, I followed the advice of warming milk and egg to room temperature - used almond milk which worked out fine - and added 1 tsp + of pure vanilla extract. Other than that, kept all the other ingredients as posted including the salt. I used a cast iron skillet on medium heat adding butter to the skillet with batch. This only allowed me to make one pancake at a time but the taste was amazing. For the adults, I added bananas and caramelized chopped walnuts to the pancake after it was in the skillet. We are not a pancake family but this recipe has certainly changed our minds - no more Bisquick for us. :) I’ve been craving pancakes for a bit, and I haven’t been on here for a while so I could find a recipe. Did not disappoint, though I did add vanilla extract, cocoa powder, and chocolate chips, it turned out great! Will use again :) Followed all directions, gathered all the correct ingredients, but it was genuinely inedible. Even the dog wouldn’t eat it. Tasted like that nasty tang of straight baking powder. I’m being so fr. I tried one and my eyes started watering. LEGITIMATELY. Better was straight goop, like I was making sourdough bread.No wonder grandma isnt around anymore. What is this recipe tastes like pure baking powder. Had to add much more milk to make it not be like cookie dough. This is a joke right? My 13 year old granddaughter and I decided to make homemade pancakes for the first time, found this recipe and decided to go for it. OMG needless to say, NO more boxed mix for Us. Easy recipe and the pancakes were light fluffy and just ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS  😋 only thing I did different was I added a buttermilk took them to another level. Love this recipe!  I was looking for a good recipe for my 11 year old to make by herself and this one was perfect!  The only change we made was to add 1/2 tsp of vanilla and some chopped dark chocolate.  They were light and fluffy and she was so proud to make them.  This one is going in our recipe collection for sure! It was great but as a cook i would never in my life imagine putting 3 1/2  teaspoons into pancakes i added 1 1/2 and it worked like a dream not rubbery or nothing add 4 tbs of sugar if u want a sweeter pancake its not to sweet and helps that extra bit but id say a good starter if u know what ur doing
