Pumpkin Brownies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/211165/pumpkin-brownies/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease an 8-inch square baking pan. Stir flour, baking powder, and salt together in a medium bowl. Stir sugar, melted butter, and vanilla together in a large bowl. Add one egg and mix with a spoon until well incorporated. Repeat to add remaining 2 eggs, mixing well after each addition. Gradually add flour mixture and stir the batter until evenly moistened. Pour 1/2 of the batter back into the medium bowl that held the flour mixture. Stir chocolate chips and cocoa into one bowl of batter. Stir pumpkin puree, walnuts, cinnamon, cloves, and nutmeg into the second bowl of batter. Spread 1/2 of the chocolate batter into the bottom of the prepared baking pan, and follow with 1/2 of the pumpkin batter. Repeat the two layers once more. Drag a kitchen knife or small spatula gently through the layers in a swirling motion to create a marbled appearance. Bake in the preheated oven until the brownies begin to pull away from the sides of the pan, and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 40 to 45 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool in the pan before cutting into 16 squares. Serve warm, topped with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. Enjoy!
Excellent! We love these. Followed the recipe, using canned organic pumpkin, mini chocolate chips and baked them in mini muffin tins. I used a small ice-cream scoop and just layered the two mixtures (did not swirl). The bake time was approx 23 min in my oven. At 18 minutes, I sprinkled additional mini choc chips and chopped walnuts on top and returned to the oven for the last 5 minutes. Perfect, delicious little bites that definately taste like autumn. By not swirling the two batters together, I think the pumpkin flavor really came through. Perfectly spiced, moist, and slightly dense. We really enjoyed these and will make them again. Thanks for sharing! Really easy to make as a beginner. I suggest using 1/2 cup of sugar instead and lowering the butter by a bit too. These were great but I learned that I don’t really like pumpkin with chocolate lolIt’s a 5 star recipe though, for sure New holiday favorite!!! Everyone loved them! I made these for my mother-in-law who loves pumpkin, and my father-in-law who loves chocolate. Only two things I did differently was make them in a 9x13 pan and  the bottom layer was the only one with chocolate chips. Then I alternated pumpkin and chocolate. They were a huge hit! Once they were cool I put them in the fridge; I preferred them that way. This recipe is going into my "must have for fall" binder! These are the perfect blend of chocolate and pumpkin. Perfect texture. Perfect moisture level. So, so good! They looked good and I followed the recipe exactly but the pumpkin layer came out really kind of mushy. The flavor is great!I'll make them again but will not marble them, Ill mix it all in one bowl. I couldn't decide whether I wanted swirled or layered, so I did both and at the last second I realized I forgot the walnuts, so I quickly put some in part of it (some on swirled side, some on layered side.) I followed the directions and did repeating layers for swirled, but just one thicker layer of each on the layered side. All versions were very moist and delicious, but overall I would say I personally liked layers better as to me it seemed like I could taste all the flavors more. I liked it with nuts slightly more, but it was delicious both ways. These are very tasty. I made two recipes: one without nuts where I didn't swirl the batters, and one with nuts where I tried to swirl the batters. I liked the recipe with nuts better, but I don't think the swirling is what made the difference. very Yummy
