Caramel Apples
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/21130/caramel-apples/
Gather the ingredients. otdash-Meredith Food Studio Remove the stem from each apple and press a craft stick into the top. Spray a baking sheet with cooking spray. otdash-Meredith Food Studio Place caramels and milk in a microwave-safe bowl; microwave for 2 minutes, stirring once. Set aside to cool briefly. otdash-Meredith Food Studio Roll each apple quickly in caramel sauce until well coated. Place on prepared sheet to set. otdash-Meredith Food Studio
So fast and so easy. I bought caramels in bulk and just unwrapped about 2 cups of them, added 2 Tbs. milk and then microwaved at 50% power for about 2.5 minutes. Let the caramel sit for a couple of minutes before dipping your apples. Tip: have your apples ready to go and in the freezer before dipping them in the caramel.My 18 month old daughter loved licking the caramel off the spatula. These were easy enough, but the caramel didn't stay hard. We brought these to youth group and even though they were in fridge until we went, it was messy. If we do again I'll make sure we put the apple on a pile of nuts or ground cookie to help remove them. We did use a double boiler instead of a microwave, but that should not make a difference. It's the easiest it was ok because it takes too long to make I made 50 caramel apples for an event. I was able to find very fresh Honeycrisp apples that were also fairly small. I used 8 lbs of caramels and about 1/2 cup of milk (maybe a bit more). This was very easy (except for the time involved in unwrapping 8 lbs of caramels!). I kept the melted caramel warm in a crockpot (I left the caramel in the measuring cup) and just popped the caramel back in the microwave for 10 second or so if it got too thick. Definitely freeze the apples first and take the advice to dip the apples in boiling water before freezing to remove the wax. These were a big hit and several people said they were the best caramel apples they had ever eaten! Best caramel apples we've ever made!  Followed the recipe and forgot to add the vanilla this time.  Still turned out great. Very simple and fun to make.  I made the mistake of putting the apples in the freezer overnight then putting the caramel and toppings on the next day.  They were so soggy when we ate them.  Definitely going to be refrigerating them only 15 min beforehand. Awesome. Extremely easy tastes great Tips from reviews:Used 4 C pyrex to melt carmelWash in hot water, insert stick, then freeze apples for 15 minutes prior to dipping Worked great!
