Candy Apples
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/21134/candied-apples-ii/
Lightly grease cookie sheets. Insert craft sticks into whole, stemmed apples. Combine sugar, water, and corn syrup in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Bring to a boil and insert candy thermometer; continue to boil, without stirring, until temperature reaches 300 to 310 degrees F (149 to 154 degrees C) or until a small amount of syrup dropped into cold water forms hard, brittle threads. Remove from heat and stir in food coloring. Holding each apple by its stick, dip in syrup, remove and turn to coat evenly. Place on prepared sheets to harden.
The apples came out great, tasted just like at the fair. Recommend using smaller apples and since the sugar hardens fast, don't do more than ten at a time. Also, make sure the apples are completely dry and wax free, otherwise the candy won't stick. Very easy to make, but my mix was too thick. Easy to make.We added a few drops of raspberry extract for flavor.Will make again. This is super easy, even for my first time making something like this. The sugar and water mixture really does take about 30 minutes to be ready but it will go a little brown too. I used 1 cup sugar dissolved in 1/4 cup water as a substitute for the syrup, I don't know if it changed the taste at all but it tasted a bit like roasted marshmallows which was amazing. I also had a candy thermometer that was telling me the mix was at 250 (Fahrenheit) but I got a bit impatient and took it out before it reached 300 because it seemed ready to me. All in all I would totally do this again and it was an amazing recipe! This recipe is awesome Perfect, easy to follow and they turned out awesome......a 5 year old could make it, and although I didn’t have a candy thermometer I used an old temp thermometer off the bbq and held it in the sauce with a pair of players and when it hit just over 300.........Ta Da eazsy peasy, and clean up was also very easily taken care of.....thank-you, now back to my apple, lol I've used this recipe for years and they always turn out great but recently we made them & tried blue food color & unfortunately it was a complete fail. Used this recipe, turned out good Turned out perfectly! We opted out of using dye.
