Spicy Pumpkin Chili
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/212397/spicy-pumpkin-chili/
Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat; cook and stir the beef in the skillet until crumbly and no longer pink, about 5 minutes. Stir in the red pepper flakes, garlic, and onion; continue cooking until the beef has browned and the onion has softened and turned translucent. Add the green and red bell pepper and cook 5 minutes more. While the beef is cooking, combine the kidney beans, black beans, Great Northern beans, tomato sauce, tomato sauce with garlic and onions, petite diced tomatoes, fire roasted diced tomatoes, and pumpkin puree in a large slow cooker. Season with pumpkin pie spice, chili powder, cumin, and salt. Stir in the ground beef mixture. Cook on Low until the chili is hot, 1 to 2 hours.
Great recipe – however – I think there is a typo in the ingredient list: the 1 4-ounce can of “tomato sauce with garlic and onions” – I am convinced that was supposed to read tomato “PASTE” (and that is what I used) – since I don’t think tomato sauce comes in 4-ounce cans (the tomato paste – to my knowledge – only comes in 6-oz. cans). Ok – I made a few changes – instead of a green pepper – I used a drained and rinsed can of diced green chilies. I didn’t have fired roasted diced tomatoes – so I used 3 regular cans of diced tomatoes and added 1 tsp. of smoked paprika. I also added 2 tbsp. of brown sugar. On the preparation front – I cooked the pepper flakes, onion, red pepper, and garlic in a saucepan and added a bottle of beer. Once those were soft – I used a slotted spoon to transfer them to the slow cooker – then cooked my pound of ground bison in the remaining beer liquid. Once that was browned completely – all the liquid was gone – made for added layers of flavor! Thanks for the great recipe!!! I have made this many times and love all different kinds of chili's.This is one of my go to chili's. Tasty and ;ove it! Very easy to put together too. Thanks! I forgot to mention that in addition to my suggestion of  adding some fresh pumpkin cubes, why not sprinkle the top with petite pumpkin seeds when serving?  Amaze your guests!  YUM! I just made and it was alright but I didn't really taste any pumpkin. There is a Im not sure how to explain it but an autumn taste. Probably from the  pumpkin filling. Not earthy taste but this chilli does fit fall better than reg chilli. I found  there were so many ingredients that don't help this recipe taste better and a waste of money. Next time I will not add the canned tomatoes as I felt this was a huge waste. Definitely drain and rinse the beans  otherwise the chilli will be more like soup even though other reviewers say to do this. If you really want to thin out your chilli add more pumpkin or tomato sauce.  I also found I needed to up pumpkin spice to 3 tsp and more salt but this was based on my taste testing along the way. Disappointing, strong tomato taste and negative on the pumpkin I added a tsp of crushed red pepper flakes, 2 jalapenos, and a can of mild green chilis (to replace the green bell pepper). I also left out the can of tomato sauce with garlic and onions cause I couldn't find any. I used ground turkey instead of beef and cooked this on the stovetop rather than a slow cooker. It's tasty! It's a large recipe; 10 servings would be pretty small servings, but I would call it 7-8 servings. I made this recipe as a vegan pumpkin chili for my Granddaughter...She absolutely loved it! I let it simmer in the oven on 250, it thickened up nicely. She is asking me to make it again. I added a can of corn to the chili. I did make some changes. We don’t like spicy food so I toned down the spicy tomato sauces. I’ll definitely make it again. It’s very good! It was ok. I don’t think I prefer my chili to be sweet. I like it more spicier. I made as written except used ground venison, as that's what I had in the freezer.  I did add about a cup of water,  as I cooked on the stove top.  A really interesting medley of flavors, hearty, thick and perfect for a snowy fall day.
