Loukoumades
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/212392/loukoumades/
Sprinkle yeast over 1 cup warm water in a small bowl. Let stand until yeast softens and begins to form a creamy foam, about 5 minutes. Mix together warm milk, sugar, and salt in a large bowl until sugar and salt are dissolved. Pour in yeast mixture and stir to combine. Beat in flour, eggs, and butter until mixture forms a smooth, soft dough. Cover the bowl and let rise at room temperature until doubled in volume, about 30 minutes. Stir dough well, cover, and let rise again for 30 more minutes. Meanwhile, mix together honey and 1/2 cup water in a small saucepan; bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Turn off the heat and allow honey syrup to cool. Heat 2 inches oil in a deep fryer or large saucepan to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place a large serving or soup spoon in a glass of water near dough. Scoop up about 2 tablespoons dough per puff with the wet spoon, drop it into the wet palm of your hand, and roll it back into the spoon to create a round shape. Do not overhandle the puffy, soft dough. Drop dough balls into hot oil in batches, wetting the spoon each time you make a dough ball. Fry in hot oil until golden brown on the bottom, then roll them over to cook the other side, 2 to 3 minutes per batch. Gently set loukoumades aside to drain on a paper towel-lined plate. Place loukoumades on a baking sheet. Drizzle with honey syrup and sprinkle with cinnamon. Serve warm.
Great!!!It is one of the most famous dessert, especially at holidays, Christmas and New Years eve. In Corfu, it is the most favorite dessert at Saint Spyridon's day, which is the most glory day on the whole island! They could be even without the eggs. And without putting on the honey surop but some powdered sugar with a lot of cinnamon!!!Delicious!!! This was really tasty. It was very fluffy on the inside and had a nice thin crisp on the outside. There’s only a few things that I’d personally change. I had it with and without the honey cinnamon glaze, it’s not so great. The water made the honey very runny, I think the one to one requirement was a bit much. I had some left over rum & butter sauce, it was fantastic together with the loukoumades, with some ice cream it was just wow!If you love the idea of honey, maybe you’d be better off just warming the honey without water or with some butter.Also the recipe produces a very large quantity, I was able to make 30 fist sized spheres. If it’s just you and three other people, you may want to half the recipe. They turned out a little flat and can burn easily. My family is Greek-American, and though this was my first time making these, I’ve had them many times before. The dough is delicious, and the honey syrup was perfect (though next time I’ll dunk them in the syrup a bit instead of just drizzling it as I prefer soaked loukoumades).  Shaping them took some practice. I originally made mine too big and not perfectly round, but by the end they were the way I like them.  I did dip the spoon in oil instead of water. And to shape them, I took a cue from a video on YouTube to perfect the process of grabbing the dough with one hand, squeezing out a small ball between my index finger and thumb, and then using the oiled spoon to cut/scoop it away neatly for the oil. I’ll definitely be making these again. These were pretty good. I had to cut down the amount to cook to 1 tbsp, as they started burning before fully cooked through at 2 tbsp. I found the syrup too thin, so we just drizzled them with honey and cinnamon directly. Omg. Just omg. Added some brown sugar and corn starch to make the sauce thicker. It made about 80-100 balls for me wow! Might cut recipe in half next time. They were perfect and pretty easy to make tbh These were delicious.  However, I was hoping they'd be a little lighter with the egg.  I had syrup already prepared with cinnamon already in it. AWESOME  ,  THERE GREAT AFTER THERE FRIED.,.,  VERY CRISPY AND OUT OF THIS WORLD   THE ONLY PROBLEM IS THAT IF YOU PUT THEM IN THE FRIG THEY TEND TOO GET SOGGY....  MAYBE THE TOASTER WILL WORK AFTER COMING OUT OF THE FRIG i did ittt
