Flayed Man Cheese Ball
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/212394/flayed-man-cheese-ball/
Lightly coat plastic face mask with cooking spray. Line the face mask with plastic wrap, taking care to press it down fully into the nose and eyes. Reserve two or three slices of prosciutto and set aside. Tear remaining slices of prosciutto into strips and lay them into the mask to form the "muscle tissue." Start around the eyes, leaving eyes blank, and then create the cheeks, chin, and forehead. Take the two whole green olives and position them in the eye holes, pimento side-down. Set the mask aside. Combine the softened cream cheese, Cheddar, and Havarti cheeses in a mixing bowl. Add the chopped green olives and roasted red peppers. Use an electric mixer or clean hands to mix until thoroughly combined. Take a heaping spoonful of cheese mixture and arrange it to form an eye around one olive, and then the other. Gently lay handfuls of the cheese mixture all around the mask, taking care not to move the slices of prosciutto. Press cheese down as you work to fill in all of the crevices. When mask is full, gently press in cheese mixture all around the mask. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes. Invert the mask onto a serving platter and gently remove the mask and plastic wrap. You should be left with a gorgeous (and freaky) face. If there is cheese showing around the bottom edges, use the reserved prosciutto slices to cover it before serving.
This was the gruesome hit of our Allrecipes pre-Halloween party. One of my co-workers scooped out an eyeball right away and ate it. Sick. The cheese mixture was exactly the right amount for the mask, and it firmed up nicely and held its shape. And it tasted really good! Tips: 1) It's tricky to position the olives so they don't get all wonky when you add the cheese filling. Next time, I might add them afterwards. 2) I used the edge of a spoon to emphasize the outline of the lips. I think that made it extra life-like. 3) The next time I make this, I might download a photo of the musculature of the face, and try to copy that with the prosciutto. Because that's how I roll. 4) This isn't just for Halloween; how about a Game of Thrones or Walking Dead viewing party? Concerned the prosciutto would not cut nice as a spread..a friend suggested Chipped ham (as any pittsburgher would)The trick is to spread each thin slice out smooth. Worked perfect! Everyone loved the flayed man. A picture even got taken and he was set in the middle of the table for everyone to see. Many were afraid to cut into it because they said, "It looks so nice". Finally, a couple people tried it and said it was great! I omitted the chopped olives but did add the roasted peppers and 2 teaspoons of garlic powder and 2 tablespoons of Worcestershire sauce. It tasted great! Thanks for the wonderful recipe. I hope to make again. My husband and I made this and everyone loved it! first time making something like this! it was fun and fairly easy. i did make changes to reduce serving size (small party) and added some garlic, onion powder and paprika, i also used a small mask and everyone loved the taste but no one wanted to cut into it!will try this again! What an awesome idea!!! My coworkers loved it for our Halloween bash! Took my time with this and had fun making it.  Big hit at potluck. I made this for a party we had last weekend. (Oct 15th) This was a big hit. Everything about it was perfect. I did change the eyes to Wilton's royal icing eyes. I think it's important to spray the mask with pam before adding the Saran Wrap like the recipe states. It helps hold the plastic wrap in place for the details etc before packing with the cheese mixture. It was so quick and easy to make. Turned out perfect. Hard finding the mask. Prosciutto was hard to find, too. Tasted great, big hit at the Halloween party! Absolutely Faboulous!  A great recipe for many occasions It was great --- even though I overlooked including the lips and mouth.  I guess this was the "in-law" version . . . what a way to keep them quiet
