Pumpkin Oat Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/212463/pumpkin-oat-bread/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease two 8x4-inch loaf pans. Stir together oil, eggs, and pumpkin in a large bowl. Stir in white and brown sugar, baking powder, salt, cinnamon, cloves, and nutmeg until well combined. Beat in flour and 1 1/2 cups of oats. Pour batter into the prepared loaf pans; sprinkle tops with remaining 1/4 cup of oats. Press oats lightly into top of the batter. Bake in the preheated oven until a knife inserted in the middle of a loaf comes out clean, 40 to 45 minutes. Let cool for 15 minutes before slicing.
My family loved this bread. If you're looking for the Starbucks type pumpkin bread with more sugar and spice than pumpkin, this is NOT for you! This lower sugar bread was moist, easy and delicious. We could actually TASTE the pumpkin over the spice which was a nice change. Next time I'm using whole wheat flour and some wheat germ as well as cutting back to 1/3 c oil and 1/3 c applesauce. Will definitely make this again! I used GF flour, coconut sugar, maple syrup, and avocado oil. I made one loaf and a tray of muffins. The muffins have chocolate chips in them. My BF put Nutella on the muffins and I put buttercream frosting on the loaf. Pretty amazing!!!! It came out delicious! We made maple pumpkin butter to put on it and it tastes fabulous together. This turned out exactly like I wanted!  So delicious and moist, with a little texture from the oats.  I did cook it about 48 minutes since the toothpick was not clean until then.  Also, I don't know why it says to beat the flour and oats into the wet mixture - it should probably say 'stir just until combined'. This is great.   Eat it with melted butter.   It's very dense,  but still delicious. I enjoyed this recipe. It turned out a bit more dense than I had anticipated. Overall, the bread was very tasty. I had a bit of a mishap and added 1/2 tablespoon of nutmeg Instead of 1/2 teaspoon, and removed the extra as best as I could. The nutmeg wasn't  overpowering, so I guess it turned out ok. I'd certainly make this again. The bread wasn’t bad is was pretty good but it la lacked a little sweetness and was a little  gooey in the middle. I would add a little brown sugar and cook it a little longer next time. Well, I didn't have oil, so I subbed applesauce. Also, I didn't have brown sugar. This loaf still came out very tasty!! Can't wait to make again. I bake a lot and changed this majorly after reading two reviews: over cover 3/4 cup raisins with water and microwave for 1.5 minutes in separate bowl stir together with 11/3c oatmeal until evenly moist and set aside. mix 1/3 c oil, 6 eggs, and 14 oz pumpkin together,skip the white sugar and substitute 3 packages of stevia with vanilla,add 1 teaspoon of soda and 1 teaspoon of ginger, add chopped walnuts if you love nuts with the oatmeal and raisin mixture; the rest is the same. I used some as muffins and some in small loaf pans.Less calories and very Light!   Enjoy! Yes, I added dried cranberries and chopped walnuts. It was amazing. Every bite moist and a burst of flavor. This recipe is a must try. We used our Halloween pumpkin, which I still cook down every year for pies and bread for the holidays.
