Easy Chicken and Broccoli Alfredo
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/212498/easy-chicken-and-broccoli-alfredo/
Cook pasta as directed on package, adding broccoli to the boiling water for the last 2 minutes of the pasta cooking time. Drain pasta mixture. Meanwhile, heat dressing in large nonstick skillet on medium-high heat. Add chicken and cook until no longer pink in the center, stirring occasionally, about 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in milk, cream cheese, Parmesan cheese, and basil. Bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Cook until sauce is well blended and heated through, about 1 to 2 minutes. Add chicken mixture to pasta mixture; mix lightly.
This recipes was great! My home smelled liked an Italian restaurant. I did, however, make a couple of changes. Instead of Italian Dressing, I used Good Seasons Italian Fat Free Salad Dressing Mix – 1.05oz, added 1/2 teaspoon of dried Parsley and 1/2 teaspoon of Garlic. I heated two tablespoons of Olive oil and sprinkled all of the seasonings on the chicken coating each side well. Once the chicken started to brown, I added the remaining ingredients. To compliment the dish, I served an Italian salad and homemade cheddar biscuits. Yum Yum!! This recipe is the first one from the website and it was awesome. I cooked it at 11 years old and it was super easy to fallow. I highly recemend it This came together so easily and I can't believe how creamy it was!  I used shrimp in place of the chicken and my family loved it.  I will be making this recipe again! Easy and tasty indeed!This is a great recipe for beginner cooks!!So glad the top line said your favorite pasta as I didn’t have any fettucine.I believe the dish could improve with the addition of fresh or garlic powder and a bit more broccoli.The biggest issue I had is with the Italian dressing overcooking and browning the bottom of the pan.  I actually had to switch to another non-stick pan to finish cooking the chicken so it didn’t burn.Changes I made to this recipe:Used spaghetti instead of fettucineUsed chicken tenders vs. chicken breast – quicker cooking time, less expensive and more tenderUsed heavy cream and 1% milkAdded about ¼ cup of the pasta water and red pepper flakes Chicken and broccoli Alfredo recipe is divine! It is very easy to make, and to save an extra step, I used a deep skillet that is similar to a walk. I was able to put the linguine and the brocco in it. then drained it and let it sit in my calendar while I use that same skillet to cook my chicken in the sauce. The sauce looks like it’s runny while you’re cooking it, but once it mixes in with the linguine, just melds together into this wonderful sauce.  it is absolutely wonderful! Love it! I doubled the Alfredo sauce part but only used the one pound of pasta as directed.  I’m afraid I doctored it up quite a bit.  Next time instead of cream cheese, I’ll use Boursin Garlic and Herb Cheese.  I will add a teaspoon of salt as well as a teaspoon of pepper.  I also added a teaspoon of garlic powder and I’ll use a teaspoon of onion powder as well.  I probably added a tablespoon of Italian seasoning too.  Last thing is I will probably not combine the pasta with the sauce.  I’ll add the broccoli to the sauce however.  Good basic recipe but I tweaked the dickens out of it.  Thanks so much for the recipe !  I printed it out and wrote in my changes and additions. My grandson helped me make this and it was good. I agree the sauce is thin but I was ok with that.  It was really good for a quick dinner and I actually had all the ingredients. It’s OK.  It needs to be creamier.  I would season chicken when cooking as others suggested and would add garlic or other desired seasoning because it was a little bland. The flavor comes out OK but there are a few things here that really dont work. Using milk instead of cream results in a really thin sauce. Also using italian dressing as a marinade for the chicken can really overpower the flavor of the dish.  So just expect that and if that is your flavor preference this works. Also make sure to at least do some simple season(salt & pepper) to the chicken before you cook it and brine it for a few minutes if you really want juicier chicken. I'm not a big fan of pasta....But this one was okay
