Gujarati Kadhi
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/212449/gujarati-kadhi/
Mix together water, yogurt, and chickpea flour in a large saucepan until smooth; add green chile peppers, ginger, sugar, turmeric, and salt. Bring to a boil, then immediately reduce heat to low and simmer for 5 to 10 minutes. Make tadka: Heat together oil and ghee in a small skillet over medium heat. Fry dried red chile peppers, curry leaves, cumin seeds, mustard seed, and asafetida powder in hot oil-ghee mixture until seeds splutter. Stir tadka into yogurt mixture in the saucepan. Mix in cilantro and serve hot.
Really really delicious! My husband makes the khichdi, I make the kadhi. The first time I made this recipe, hubby was a little skeptical about the turmeric and cilantro, but I followed the recipe as written. It was excellent, but in subsequent batches I left out the turmeric and kept the cilantro (not "traditional" in our book, but sometimes it's good to part with tradition!) Also, I've used low fat yogurt and low fat laban - reducing the water added. Both work great! Thank you for this recipe. I have added a few things to mine. Powered cashews, almonds  Tamarind paste. I will add coconut powder next time to taste the difference.  Thank you. Somehow bland despite all the spices. Maybe I need to cook longer thanks for sharing this recipe. I am also going to cook kadhi and I liked kadhi so much with rice. This was very good and quick and easy to make.  I cooked some okra in it and it worked well. this was ok at best, but perhaps I didn't nail it. I tried making it with chicken. I poached the chicken in the curry broth after following the recipe closely. The seeds and asofateda smelled great in the frying pan, but very little of their pungence came through in the final recipe. Maybe it just needs more of all the spices for my taste. Overall, pleasing, but not exciting. Sauce was very thin for what I am used to also, but this could be traditional Gujarati, not sure. Really really delicious! My husband makes the khichdi, I make the kadhi. The first time I made this recipe, hubby was a little skeptical about the turmeric and cilantro, but I followed the recipe as written. It was excellent, but in subsequent batches I left out the turmeric and kept the cilantro (not "traditional" in our book, but sometimes it's good to part with tradition!) Also, I've used low fat yogurt and low fat laban - reducing the water added. Both work great!
