Yummy Sweet Potato Casserole
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/21261/yummy-sweet-potato-casserole/
Gather the ingredients. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). To prepare the sweet potatoes: Put sweet potatoes in a medium saucepan and cover with water. Cook over medium-high heat until tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Drain and transfer to a large bowl. llrecipes/Preethi Venkatra Mash drained sweet potatoes with a fork. Add eggs; mix until well combined. Add sugar, milk, butter, vanilla, and salt; mix until smooth. Transfer to a 9x13-inch baking dish. llrecipes/Preethi Venkatra To make the topping: Mix brown sugar and flour together in a medium bowl. Cut in butter with a pastry cutter until mixture is coarse and looks like peas; don't overmix. Stir in pecans. Sprinkle topping over sweet potato mixture. llrecipes/Preethi Venkatra Bake in the preheated oven until topping is lightly browned, about 30 minutes. llrecipes/Preethi Venkatra Serve and enjoy! reethi Venkatram/Allrecipe
Superb!! OK..I changed some things...added some things..made it MUCH BETTER!!! I am from Louisiana...so I grew up eating sweet potatoes year round. But holiday time always mean Sweet potato Casserole..this one is the closest to how my granny and mom made it. I used 3 BAKED sweet potatoes (I often double the recipe). For a single recipe I cut the sugar down to 1/4 cup and I double the vanilla up to 1 tsp. I use evaporated milk instead of regular milk. I add 1 tsp of cinnmon, 1/4 tsp of both ground clove and ground nutmeg. For the topping..I double the recipe even on the single recipe. Does that make sense?? LOL ENJOY!!!! I like it very much as is! :) Nice flavor but quite sweet for us so def cut down on sugar. I also added 2 Tbs flour to thicken up & cinnamon for extra flavor. My batch seemed to be too small for an 13x9 so I went with smaller baking dish. The flavor is wonderful. I had a problem with consistency. Next time I think I will add the milk slowly to maintain viscosity. Topping:Cornflakes, butter & pecans w/Truvia brown sugar.Potatoes: Used baked sweet potatoes left over & scooped out of their skins, half-n-half and and Truvia brown sugar. Delicious!!!!
