Japanese Beef Stir-Fry
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/212636/japanese-beef-stir-fry/
Slice beef into very thin strips. Mix cornstarch, broth, soy and sugar until smooth. Set aside. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in saucepot or wok over high heat. Add beef in 2 batches and stir-fry until browned. Set beef aside. Add 1 tablespoon oil. Add the mushrooms, cabbage, peppers, celery and green onions in 2 batches and stir-fry over medium heat until tender-crisp. Set vegetables aside. Stir cornstarch mixture and add. Cook until mixture boils and thickens, stirring constantly. Return beef and vegetables to saucepot and heat through. Serve over rice.
Outside of adding some fresh minced garlic, I prepared this following the recipe closely. And we enjoyed the heck out of it. Sometimes things don't need a whole lot of explanation or analysis. This is one of those times. It works. (I used No Name Sirloin Steaks, baby bok choy and basmati rice. Hubs made "Cucumber Sunomono" to go with - delicious ) I added my own veggie mix, doubled the sauce and did ramen noodles. I will definitely make this again! The whole family loved this! We already had a bag of frozen stir fry veggies and used those, but the SAUCE was a gamechanger! I’ve made this recipe several times. Only thing I leave out are the mushrooms as I’m not a fan but comes out delicious every time. I have a few picky eaters but they always love it! Wow! I needed something quick and easy to make as I was going to be gone all day so I prepared veggies the day before. My husband cut the meat a bit before I got home and all I had to do was mix up the 4 ingredient sauce, put on the rice, and cook the stirfry! In a matter of minutes we were eating a delicious and healthy meal. I cut the recipe in half for the two of us and still had leftovers! Thank you! I also added garlic as well as ginger, water chestnuts, broccoli and baby corn My husband and I loved this! I didn’t have all the ingredients so I used what I had at home. Sliced filet mignon into strips, and used green peppers asparagus and white mushrooms. I did add a little minced garlic based on prior reviews. The sauce is amazing!! I will definitely cook this again! Great recipe! I added fresh garlic when I browned beef, and bean sprouts at the end when mixing everything together! Easy, tasty Next time I would reduce the amount of soy sauce as my brand is very strong. Otherwise, very easy recipe and my son gave it a big thumbs up!
