Indian Chicken Curry (Murgh Kari)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/212721/indian-chicken-curry-murgh-kari/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Sprinkle the chicken breasts with 2 teaspoons salt. Heat oil in a large skillet over high heat; partially cook the chicken in the hot oil in batches until completely browned on all sides. Transfer browned chicken breasts to a plate and set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Reduce the heat to medium and add onion, garlic, and ginger to the oil remaining in the skillet. Cook and stir until onion turns soft and translucent, 5 to 8 minutes. Stir curry powder, cumin, turmeric, coriander, cayenne, and 1 tablespoon of water into the onion mixture; allow to heat together for about 1 minute while stirring. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add tomatoes, yogurt, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro, and 1 teaspoon salt to the mixture; stir to combine. otdash Meredith Food Studio Return chicken breast to the skillet along with any juices on the plate. Pour in 1/2 cup water and bring to a boil, turning the chicken to coat with the sauce. Sprinkle garam masala and 1 tablespoon cilantro over the chicken. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cover the skillet and simmer until chicken breasts are no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 20 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Drizzle with lemon juice to serve. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO
If I'm going to review a recipe it will only be if I stayed true to the instructions. I can't justify giving a bad review after writing about all the changes I made. Well guess what? This recipe is freakin great! Every bite was like a party in my mouth. Young and old, everyone enjoyed it. The leftovers were even better the next day. DON'T CHANGE A THING. Diced the chicken breast, added half a stock cube and blitzed the onions with a stick blender,  but otherwise stayed true to the recipe. An absolutely amazing curry - thanks a mill for sharing!!! 👏👍 Easy to make and delicious. Have made it about 5 times now with minor tweaks. Every time but the first, I cooked the onions and added the spices, tomatoes and yoghurt, let it simmer to temp and then added chopped chicken with garam masala and cooked it on low for about 30 minutes.  I usually add a little extra water, but otherwise stay true to the recipe, adding the cilantro and lemon juice in the last 5 minutes. We reduce the cayenne to 1/4 due to my wife being a wimp, and up the ginger a bit to suit our taste. I use chicken thighs instead of chicken breast. Just made this curry for supper, so delicious ! I just added frozen peas and raisins. It’s not too hot but has so much flavour that I’ll be making it again ! Recipe calls for 1/2 cup oil and that was way too much. Also the chicken breast wasn’t as tender as I would like. I will try again as the flavor of the sauce was really good and use less oil and chicken thighs. I cut the chicken breasts in half (crosswise) so they've cooked completely while browning. Then I pulled the chicken meat apart while the onion mixture was browning. This is so good I want to eat it every week!  YUM!!
