Pecan Pie Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/212863/pecan-pie-cookies/
To make the filling: Melt 1/4 cup of butter in a saucepan; stir in confectioners' sugar and corn syrup until sugar is dissolved. Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring often, then stir in pecans until combined. Refrigerate the filling for 30 minutes to chill. To make the cookies: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Sift flour and baking powder together in a bowl; set aside. Beat brown sugar, 3/4 cup butter, egg, and vanilla extract in a large bowl with an electric mixer on medium speed until the mixture is creamy, about 2 minutes. Gradually beat in flour mixture to form a dough. Pinch off about 1 tablespoon of dough and roll into a ball; press into the bottom of an ungreased cupcake pan cup so it lines the bottom and sides, like a pie crust. Repeat with remaining dough. Fill each crust with about 1 teaspoon of the prepared pecan filling. Bake in the preheated oven until the cookie shells are lightly browned, 10 to 13 minutes. Watch closely after 10 minutes. Let the cookies cool in the pans briefly before removing to a wire rack to finish cooling.
I am only going to comment on the filling since I used my own pastry for this recipe. I prepared the filling according to the dircections. However, when I make these cookies again, I will not pre-cook the filling. Doing so can make the filling too hard/chewy in the even that the cookies over bake, and it is easy to over bake these so watch carefully. When I make these again I will simply combine the ingredients and fill as per the recipe directions. Do not be tempted to use more than the specified amount of filling or the filling will bubble out of the muffin cups as the cookies bake. I also feel the filling could benefit from some flavoring. I added 1 1/2 teaspoons dark rum and 3/4 teaspoon vanilla. The addition of these 2 ingredients really made for some delicious cookies. With some changes, this is a very tasty cookie that is certainly worth making. Followed the recipe as instructed (otherwise it wouldn’t be an accurate review). Turned out excellent. My only mistake was making square cookies. I only made 20 cookies, as they had more bottom coverage. I would definitely make again. Thanks for a lovely recipe!! Delicious!  It looks so elegant and taste just like pecan pie. Very good. I used dark brown sugar first time I made and they were caramelly. Love these cookies and so easy to make. They were a big hit at Thanksgiving dinner party.  Trick to this recipe is to pull filling off heat as soon as it reaches a boil, cool down and spoon into prepared dough. Love it! Not easy but I love it.  I add cinnamon and a bit of allspices.  I didn’t put the filling in the fridge…maybe 1 to 2 minutes only (I read the reviews.😅 Thanks ☺️ Delish! Don't forget to roll into balls then push down with your thumb. They were a HIT at Christmas! Like a lot of the other reviewers, I loved this base, but changed a few things.I used brown sugar instead of confectioners. I melted the butter and kept it on the heat long enough for the sugar to dissolve. Then I added rum extract, a couple drops of vanilla, and a 1/2 tbs of confectioner’s sugar. Once those were mixed up, I added the pecans and set it to the side.When I made the cookies, I used a hand mixer, and my butter was “just soft”. I added almond extract to this.I used a mini muffin pan, and used mini cupcake papers. I used a cookie scoop to get the dough out of the bowl, and then rolled them into a ball.I used a tart press to get the wells deep enough, and only added enough filling to go to the top of the well- about a tsp worth.These were very good! These are great. I followed recipe even refrigerated filling . It was thick and pliable so used my hands to break off pieces to put into cookies. I had read a few reviews that said not to refrigerate but it seemed to work out perfectly refrigerate about 20 minutes.  They baked great in mini cupcake tin. Now if I can just stop eating them just like pecan pie. Yeah Delicious cookie! I needed to double the filling mixture to use all of the dough that the recipe made. A great cookie to share as they look nicer than a regular cookie.
