Chicken Arroz Caldo (Chicken Rice Porridge)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/212940/chicken-arroz-caldo-chicken-rice-porridge/
Heat oil in a large pot over medium heat. Cook and stir onion, garlic, and ginger in hot oil until fragrant, about 5 minutes. Add chicken wings; cook and stir for 1 minute. Stir in fish sauce, cover, and cook another 2 minutes. Pour chicken broth into the pot. Stir in sweet rice and bring mixture to a boil. Cover and cook for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally to prevent rice from sticking to the bottom of the pot. Season with salt and pepper. Portion soup into bowls and garnish with green onion. Serve with lemon slices and additional fish sauce, if desired.
Very simple ingredients, BUT for those watching their sodium intake I found that you can use water instead of chicken broth because the fish sauce already adds salt plus I added a touch of Kosher salt. The bone-in chicken wings plus all the other ingredients adds lots of flavor. But if you're like me and hate rubbery, gummy chicken skins, I used skinless boneless chicken breast because the chicken broth adds lots of flavor. Thanks for posting this recipe. I added extra ginger, garlic and used boneless thighs. I also added chicken bullion and bone broth. We love it! It’s food for the soul! I made this and the family love it I made this dish for my daughter who just got braces. Total banger of a recipe. Minor changes but it doesn't really matter. Use what you have... add a little sesame oil if you have it... thighes or wings... who cares. Great recipe. SO good. I made it with ground turkey because that's what I had, and it was fantastic. I am the whitest white lady from the deep south, I have NO experience with Filipino food. A coworker posted a photo of her Arroz Caldo and it looked so good I went searching and found this recipe. My family LOVES it and we have made it several times! I always include a soft-boiled egg with mine Simple but looks so delicious and nutritious! I made two small adjustments to the recipe. 1) I used thighs because bone-in chicken grosses me out. 2) I used half the broth and split it with water because I'm sensitive to salt.This was really, really good. Shockingly good. A perfect comfort food, really. If you make this, definitely include the lemon which makes this rich, filling meal taste light. This is a great example of why I like to search for new and different meals. A simple recipe where the result greatly outweighs the process. This is very easy to make for somebody like me that doesn’t really cook. Very simple.I used the reduced sodium chicken broth and added 1 chicken bouillon . Just the right taste. Not salty at all. It’s yummy.
