Chicken Tinola
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/212929/chicken-tinola/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add onion and garlic; cook and stir until fragrant, about 2 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add ginger and fish sauce; cook and stir for 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in chicken and cook for 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour in chicken broth and cook for 5 minutes. Add squash and simmer until chicken is no longer pink in the center, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add bok choy and spinach; cook until spinach is just wilted, 1 to 2 minutes. Serve hot. otdash Meredith Food Studio
This is a great recipe. I use three chayote squashes and usually a box + a can of chicken broth (or sometimes I use 3 cans instead). I haven't used spinach before but baby bok choy or regular bok choy both make this delicious. I use a bit extra on the ginger and 1 large onion to make sure it's fragrant. No need for salt if you're using regular chicken broth. Easy, quick and wholesome! I love cooking from whole foods. All good except it was a bit salty and that’s without adding salt & pepper. I added 4 cups of water and then it tasted very good. I use diced chicken breast, extra ginger and fish sauce but otherwIse the same  it’s our go  to  chicken soup. This was great and very easy to make! Thank you for sharing! I didn’t peel the chayote & it was fine! I asked Alexa lol! Grew up in the PH and am a natural Filipino here. You can use rice wash instead of chicken broth. I will also stick with chayote, or papaya, or zucchini, and chili leaf replacements(moringa, spinach, bokchoy) as mentioned in the recipe, otherwise, the dish won't be called TINOLA. :D GREAT TASTE, EASY TO MAKE We like greens 🤭 First time I heard of Tinola was on a NYT podcast re: chicken soup.  We loved this recipe. I used spinach and chayote purchased from my H-E-B, and amped up the ginger and garlic.  They usually have Bok Choy but it was a busy Sunday.  I layered the baby spinach leaves on the bottom of the bowl with a scoop of  jasmine rice. Kept the spinach from taking over. Cynthia H. Perfect
