Chicken Sotanghon
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/212931/chicken-sotanghon/
Bring water and 1 teaspoon salt to a boil in a large pot. Add chicken legs and simmer until no longer pink in the center and juices run clear, about 10 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Reserving the liquid, remove chicken and allow to cool, then remove meat from the bones and shred with two forks. Discard the skin and bones. Meanwhile, place shiitake mushrooms in a bowl and pour enough warm water over them to cover completely; allow to soak until pliable, about 30 minutes. Remove mushrooms, reserving water; slice, and set aside. Place noodles in reserved water, adding more warm water if needed to cover; allow to soak until soft, about 10 minutes. Drain and cut noodles if desired. Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add onion and garlic; cook and stir until softened, about 5 minutes. Add achiote powder and continue to cook and stir until the mixture is well coated. Stir in shredded chicken meat, sliced shiitake mushrooms, and fish sauce; season with salt and pepper. Stir in chicken broth and reserved cooking liquid from chicken. Bring to a boil for 5 minutes. Add noodles and cook 5 minutes more. Garnish with green onions.
Great recipe. A bit time consuming because of making the shredded chicken but so delicious I've made it a few times now (and I'm very picky about recipes when they take over 45 minutes to make). Achiote powder was hard to find. You might look for it under Annatto seed instead if you can't find it (it's a bright red powder). This flavor is what really makes this dish, in my opinion. This soup was easy to make. I couldn't find achiote powder or annatto in my stores, so I used Goya Seasoning with cumin and annatto (giving this soup a distinct flavor and color.) I found the bean thread noodles at the Asian specialty store. The recipe calls for chicken drumsticks, but I think if I made it again, I would use chicken thighs as they have more meat and are easier to to pull the meat from. I will  add shredded carrots and ginger as others have suggested next time. If you are looking for something a little different, this recipe is worth giving a try. Great dish! A little sweet for my tastebuds! Could not find any achiote or annatto seeds. Used Sazon Goya's coriander and annatto seasoning instead. Added ginger and cabbage based on reviews. IT turned out so DELISH! Miss my mom's cooking and this did not disappoint. Salamat, Lola! This is a great recipe for leftover chicken.  Absolutely loved the way it tasted. so easy to follow n very tasty Most of the work of course is boiling the chickenand shredding. Otherwise it's really good and easy. Next time, I"ll turn off the pot a little earlier as the noodles became soft later. Definitely add ginger to make it like Moms. We made this tonight and it was wonderful.  I highly recommend it and will make it again.  I also used a mixture of turmeric and paprika which I found on the internet as a substitute for achiote powder. Despite the extra preparations needed, it was well worth the trouble for a really good Pinoy comfort food. I didn't have the achiote powder, but it was not missed. Thank you for another wonderful recipe, Lola! Incredible . The best ever. I have a chineese exchange student, and she raved about it.
