Filipino Beef Steak
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/212911/filipino-beef-steak/
Place sliced beef in a large bowl. Whisk together lemon juice, soy sauce, sugar, salt, and pepper in a small bowl; pour over beef and toss to coat. Stir in cornstarch. Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour to overnight. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Remove beef slices from marinade, shaking to remove any excess liquid. Discard marinade. Working in batches, fry beef slices in hot oil until they start to firm and are reddish-pink and juicy in the center, 2 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer beef slices to a serving platter. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat olive oil in a small skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir onion and garlic in hot oil until onion is golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes; spoon over beef slices. otdash Meredith Food Studio
This was very good! It was very easy to prepare, and all of the engredients I had on hand.. made it even better. I sliced my steaks paper thin while they are partially frozen so it's easier to slice. I liked how easy this was and how I had everything on hand. Came out delicious I served it with some white rice that I added salt, butter and garlic to. Yummy very simple recipe to follow, I always wanted to make it, tastes just like my lola. -thank you It was easy to make - and really tasty.  Served with rice and french beans.The only suggestion I can make is I would cut back a tiny bit on the lemon juice (I had a pretty large lemon - maybe a smaller one would work better) Definitely will make it again. I baked this instead of putting it in oil. It was good but the meat was rally tough. It was so good So juicy and delicious Good recipe, but you need more marinade. After I made more marinade it tasted a little too tangy, so I kept having to adjust the lemon and soy sauce mixture. My fault though...I put the marinade and onions (after they were cooked) in another pot and thickened the sauce with corn starch. My hubby likes to add it on top of his rice. My dad makes this but doesn't add sugar to it at all. Still tasted much like his though. The dish was too salty, and I love salt.  I would probably not make again, although I appreciated the ingredients were all items found in the typical kitchen.  It just wasn't for me.
