Filipino Fish Escabeche
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/212954/filipino-fish-escabeche/
Heat oil in a deep fryer or large saucepan to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Pat fish dry with a paper towel. Cut 2 to 3 slits on either side of fish; sprinkle salt on top. Fry in hot oil until browned, about 2 minutes per side. Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Sauté onion and garlic until onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Add red bell pepper and ginger; sauté until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Mix water, vinegar, and sugar together in a bowl; pour into onion mixture in the skillet. Cover and bring to a boil. Cook until slightly reduced, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add cornstarch. Boil, stirring often, until sauce is thickened, about 5 minutes. Pour sauce over fish.
I've never made a recipe like this before, so was excited to try something new! There was no whole tilapia at the market where I get my fish, so I opted for a big fresh piece of cod. My fillet was over 1.5lbs so I cut it into 4 pieces and fried two at a time. There was no skin so some of the fish broke up in the oil, but I was able to save all the pieces and have plenty of fish for dinner for two with some leftover. I'm wondering if the 4oz tilapia is a typo since the recipe made more than enough sauce for my 1.5lbs of fish? The only other note I would make to this recipe is to mix the cornstarch with cold water to create a slurry, since when I added the cornstarch directly to the sauce mixture clumps formed immediately. The sweet and sour flavors definitely came through and the fresh ginger really made it pop. I'm excited to try this recipe again with different fish! I used cod and absolutely loaved it! I've never made a recipe like this before, so was excited to try something new! There was no whole tilapia at the market where I get my fish, so I opted for a big fresh piece of cod. My fillet was over 1.5lbs so I cut it into 4 pieces and fried two at a time. There was no skin so some of the fish broke up in the oil, but I was able to save all the pieces and have plenty of fish for dinner for two with some leftover. I'm wondering if the 4oz tilapia is a typo since the recipe made more than enough sauce for my 1.5lbs of fish? The only other note I would make to this recipe is to mix the cornstarch with cold water to create a slurry, since when I added the cornstarch directly to the sauce mixture clumps formed immediately. The sweet and sour flavors definitely came through and the fresh ginger really made it pop. I'm excited to try this recipe again with different fish!
