Fish in Foil
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/21306/fish-in-foil/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Rinse and pat fillets dry. Rub fillets with olive oil, and season with garlic salt and black pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place each fillet on a large sheet of aluminum foil. Top with jalapeno slices, and squeeze the juice from the ends of the lemon over fillets. otdash Meredith Food Studio Arrange remaining lemon slices on top of fillets. otdash Meredith Food Studio Carefully seal all edges of the foil to form enclosed packets. Place packets on a baking sheet. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until fish flakes easily with a fork, 15 to 20 minutes depending on size of fillets. otdash Meredith Food Studio
My grandmother has been making this recipe for our family for over fifty years, and it has never been a miss no matter what type of fish you use. She uses green bell pepper (and sometimes red too if she has it) instead of the jalapeno. She also throws in about a half teaspoon of dill weed (really important!) No need for fresh lemon (especially if that makes it too lemony for you) just a tablespoon of lemon juice will do. In our family, nothing is more important than fish. Believe me, if you only knew! This recipe is a real winner. i got some fish, i was thinking what to do with it! your advice about cooking it in foil really helped me to decide! Wrap it in parchment paper before foil and don’t forget the salt. I've been using this recipe for years. Works with all types of fish.   Sometimes I use blood orange. Salsa is good. I'll include a few shrimp. Cleanup is easy. Fish stays moist The recipe was great. I used spices I liked and lemon juice. Also, you have to remember to adjust the oven temperature to your oven. My oven runs hotter so I set it at 385*. Cleanup was quick and the smell was minimal. Heck, the cats didn't even know I had fish till I was eating it. Pairs well-steamed garlic kale The recipe was super easy and delicious. I tweaked it a little by using fresh diced tomatoes and red onions. I couldn’t use the jalapeños and cilantro I had, so I improvised. It turned out great my honey loved it! Personally rockfish is not the tastiest. It’s kind boring fish not tasty but the extra ingredients made the fish delicious. I also added chopped garlic. I will make this recipe with steelhead or salmon next time. Thanks for a great and easy recipe. So good, so easy! One of my favorite ways of cooking fish! Sounds delicious! I didn't have lemons but I did have some lemon juice. Added a little more seasoning, paprika, tiny amount of cayenne. Sooo good. Not too bad. I played with the recipe a bit to suit my taste.
