Grill Master Chicken Wings
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/213068/grill-master-chicken-wings/
Prepare wings: Combine chicken wings, soy sauce, and Italian dressing in a large resealable plastic bag; coat chicken wings with marinade, squeeze out excess air, and seal the bag. Marinate in the refrigerator, 4 hours to overnight. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil the grate. Prepare sauce: Melt butter in a small saucepan over low heat. Stir in hot pepper sauce and soy sauce until combined. Remove from heat and set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove chicken wings from marinade and pat dry; discard any remaining marinade. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook on the preheated grill, turning occasionally, until chicken is browned and no longer pink, 25 to 30 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Place grilled wings in a large bowl. Pour butter sauce over wings; toss until well-coated. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
We made these wings today for the NFC championship game. Perfect football food! It was pouring rain, so we baked them at 400 degrees for 45 minutes instead of grilling, and they were perfect. The soy sauce in the marinade caramelizes and makes these wings a gorgeous golden brown. They are mouthwatering-lick-the-bones-clean-and-fight-for-the-last wing good. Can't wait for the Super Bowl so that we can try them on the grill. Thanks PartyFil Been making these for years to rave reviews. I added a couple seasonings to the marinade to make it my own and I don’t consistently use the same dressing. Either way, these are the best!!! Great family choice, 3 y/o was crushing these wings without the Buffalo sauce. Frank’s Buffalo wasn’t overpowering so if you like spicy, substitute with something stronger. Amazing recipe! I made these today and I can't get enough of the flavor. I marinated the wings for 24 hours, put them in the oven at 350 for 30 min then dunked them in the buffalo sauce and finished them on the grill. The flats took about 5 min and the drums were ready in 10. I'm really happy I found this recipe! Made these several times and followed the recipe very closely. I took the suggestion from another reviewer and baked the wings for 30 minutes at 350⁰ and transferred to the grill after saucing. Delicious! We've done these wings a dozen times and everyone asks for the recipie.  The thing we do is to cook them way longer than suggested, and maybe more than many think is right, but that's our secret.  We cook them slow for a half hour per side - or more - until the internal temp is above 200.  Are they dry?  Nope.  They're perfect. I expected the vinaigrette dressing and soy sauce to meld well together, but it just ended up being kind of disgusting.  Definitely finding a different way to do my wings in the future. Charred, juicy, sticky and spicy?  Oh yes, very good.  Marinated for about 1/2 a day.  Yummy!!! good wings without too much hassle
