Dad's Potato Pancakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/21304/potato-pancakes/
In a food processor grate potatoes and onion. In a large bowl combine potatoes, onions, eggs, pancake mix, salt and pepper. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Spoon potatoes into skillet and cook as you would pancakes, for 3 to 4 minutes on each side.
Just tried this recipe for the first time. I have never found a potato pancake recipe that I liked 'til this one! It's excellent! My "picky eaters" ate all I made and asked for more. Thank you. This is exactly the recipe I use.  My husband grew up with these, and we love them.  Anyone that thinks these are bland, also must not like French fries.They are perfect, husband is also German GREAT! These were very good. I hand grated the potatoes and squeezed out the water before adding the egg, pancake mix and seasoning. I used an onion that was a little too small so I suggest using a medium to large onion for added flavor This was a very easy recipe, and they turned out great.  Haven’t had potato pancakes in a long time.  5 stars!!! I'm surprised that this tasted better than I would have thought. I just needed a little more salt. I'll try this with some cajun seasoning next time. Yum, yum, yum! Best served fresh, not as good the next day. I used left over mashed potatoes and onion powder. Turned out wonderful. this recipe was simple and delish. I added garlic,parsley,and shredded cheddar as well. thinking crushed red pepper will add nicely also. Pregnancy cravings wanted potatoes but something different but quick. Omg this hit the spot! Who knew simple ingredients that is always in your kitchen makes a delicious “restaurant quality but homemade” flavor!!! I have to make these for hubby when he wakes up! (Currently 3:30 am) lol I used some left over mashed potatoes; I seasoned it as instructed, but I had some left over crispy fried on onions ( the kind you put on green bean casserole). I crushed them up and folded them into the batter.  It was outstanding!!   I cooked them in a pain with butter about 3 min on each side over med heat.  My 7 y/o ate 5 of them.
