Slow Cooker Sweet Chicken Chili
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/213264/slow-cooker-sweet-chicken-chili/
Place the chicken breasts into a slow cooker, and pour in the kidney beans, pinto beans, black beans, onions, green bell pepper, tomato paste, brown sugar, rice vinegar, chili black bean sauce, and sea salt. Stir to combine all ingredients, and set the cooker to High. Cook for 1 hour; stir again, and set the cooker to Low. Cook for 4 more hours. Remove the chicken breasts, shred with 2 forks, and stir the shredded chicken back into the chili. Sprinkle the top of the chili with Cheddar cheese, and serve.
Amazing! Can't believe how easy this is to make and my whole family just loved this meal. Super easy. Just drop in the ingredients and turn on the pot. I didn't do the 1 hr high setting followed by 4 low. Instead, I put everything in the pot the night before and put it in the fridge. Pulled the pot out in the morning and cranked the dial to low. Left it in 8+ hours. Fantastic! How can you call this chili w/ no chilis in it. I used the recipe as a base. Used a can of diced tomato & chilis (hot) & 2 dried chilis w seeds removed blended w/ the previous can. I'm sure it wouldn't be as good w/o the Chinese black bean sauce (2 Tbs). It adds a lot of background flavor. Love this recipe! I originally got it from a friend and I’ve been making it ever since. People consistently ask for the recipe. I buy a rotisserie chicken and use that because I never have it together enough to plan for the slow cooker. So it’s all ingredients in a pot and simmer until the peppers and onions are soft. Try it! It was too sweet and otherwise bland. Had to add more tomato paste, water, cumin, blackening cayenne pepper and red pepper to make it the least bit palatable. Won't be doing this one again! This is one of our family favorites. We've gone vegan now, but this is a dish I really miss! You can make it without the sugar and it's fine. Shredding the chicken and putting it back in the crock pot for a little more cooking time makes it just perfect. I used only 4 chicken breasts, cannellini beans instead of kidney beans (that's what I had), a can of tomatoes with green chilis (because I had them),no black bean paste, and didn't add the sea salt. It was very easy and delicious!  Will definitely make it again and again. Yummmmm! I absolutely LOVE this Chicken Chili! Although I did some adjustments and believe they were great ones. Instead of green pepper I put one of each orange, yellow and red and only one onion. I also added more brown sugar, 1tsp of regular chili sauce, hoisin sauce(incase you can't find Asian black bean chili). 2 cans each of the beans and a can of diced tomatoes. Also for a little spice I added 3 habaneros!  Cooking it as I type! Mmmmmm! This was awesome.  I added some celery and carrots, and an 8 oz can of pasta sauce because I wanted more liquid in the dish.  In lieu of the Asian bean sauce, I used Sriracha.  I also reduced the brown sugar from 1/3 cup to 1/4 cup.  For the rice vinegar, I substituted apple cider vinegar.   Will definitely make this again. I wasn't a huge fan of this recipe. I did not care for dish. It's flavor was bland and unremarkable. I admit it was easy to prepare but I will not be making it again.
