Linda's Lasagna
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/21340/lindas-lasagna/
In a large pot over medium heat, cook beef until brown. Drain off all fat. Add onion and cook until translucent. Add tomato paste, crushed tomatoes, water, oregano, garlic powder, salt, pepper, and sugar. Stir until combined and cook over medium heat until boiling. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 1 hour. While sauce is simmering, blend cottage cheese, Parmesan cheese, and egg until smooth. Set aside. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spread 1 cup of sauce in the bottom of a 9x13-inch baking dish. Cover sauce with 3 noodles. Cover noodles with 1/3 of the remaining sauce. Top with 1/2 of the mozzarella. Place another layer of noodles and one of sauce over the mozzarella; top that with the cottage cheese mixture. Top with remaining 3 noodles and remaining sauce. Bake in preheated oven 30 minutes. Sprinkle remaining mozzarella on top and bake 15 minutes more, until golden and bubbly.
I have become famous for making this lasagna. It really is a fabulous recipe. One thing to note, though, is that cottage cheese will not work for lasagna -- you need to get the 15-oz. container of WHOLE MILK ricotta. Also, a good idea is to bake it for the 30 minutes the night before, keep it in the refrigerator, and the next day, sprinkle the 1/2 pound of mozz on top and then bake for 15 minutes before serving. That way, the flavors gel overnight, but you still get the feeling of eating the lasagna "fresh". This lasagna is awesome, I made it the exact way it was written and it was the best I have ever had, not everyone likes ricotta cheese including me so the cottage cheese was perfect. have made it a few times . I substitute Italian sausage for hamburger and Ricotta for cottage cheese are my changes . So far my granddaughters enjoyed the change in flavor Very easy classic lasagna.  It is moist, cheesy and has nice flavor.  You can make a more complex lasagna but this one is my go to recipe. I’ve become famous for making this lasagna. I discovered this recipe years ago and my family and friends love it, every time there is a reunion they request my lasagna My go to lasagna recipe now.  I use some sausage with the hamburger to get a little stronger flavor. I use ricotta but it’s requested by my kids all the time I love this recipe. It is my go to favorite.Tasty lasagna. Just add Caesar salad and voila dinner is ready.
