Delicious Spinach and Turkey Lasagna
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/213655/delicious-spinach-and-turkey-lasagna/
Preheat an oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook lasagna noodles in boiling water for 8 to 10 minutes. Drain noodles, and rinse with cold water. Heat the olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Stir in the onion; cook and stir until the onion has softened and turned translucent, about 2 minutes. Add ground turkey and cook 5 to 7 minutes more, stirring to break up any large chunks of meat. Stir in tomato sauce, mushrooms, Italian seasoning, black pepper, and garlic powder. Simmer for 2 minutes and season to taste. Combine spinach, ricotta, and nutmeg in a large bowl. To assemble, arrange 3 noodles lengthwise in the bottom of a greased 9x13 inch baking dish. Spread with 1/3 the ricotta mixture, 1/3 of the turkey mixture, and 1/3 of the mozzarella. Repeat layers, ending with remaining mozzarella. Bake in preheated oven for 25 minutes. Cool for 5 minutes before serving.
A tasty, healthy recipe. I listened to previous reviewers and (1) layered chopped spinach over the ricotta instead of mixing it in, (2) combined the ricotta with two eggs and (3) used three cloves of fresh garlic instead of powder. I also sauteed the onions with some diced green bell peppers (to get more veggies in there) and used no-boil lasagna that I had on hand. Results were great! My boyfriend, who is a little picky, really loved it. I did my own revisions using a golden squash as part of the noodles.  I added Vegan cheeses instead of dairy.  It turned out great and I will make this again! Took others advice and added garlic to the onion sauté, omitted the nutmeg and mushrooms, used no-boil lasagna pasta, added a bit of water to soften that. Layered lumps of ricotta with loose spinach leaves and other items, baked 25m w/foil, 15 w/o foil, and broiled for 4 min.  Looks and tastes perrrfect!! This was delicious but I made some tweaks. One  tweak ( twice the abount of ricotta) was needed because  I didn't have enough to spread in each layer had I not doubled the amount, and the other tweaks were for taste. I added 3 cloves of crushed garlic to the onions before sauteeing, and I chopped a bunch of fresh basil to use in each layer and on the very top. It was really delicious! A really yummy and easy to make week night dinner. I used fresh garlic cloves instead of garlic powder. Also substituted with gluten free pasta/ lasagne  sheets. Forgot to buy low fat ricotta - will try this next time. Instead of nutmeg in the spinach I used lemon zest. I used a store bought jar of pasta sauce. I’ll be making it again. Yum! This was delish. I added on my top layer of mozzarella cheese, 5 Italian cheese. I also added a tbsp of sugar to my sauce. Have made this approximately 6 times each time it’s a little different but better. LOVED this recipe!!  I followed some other reviews and added two eggs to the Ricotta and sprinkled on the Spinach on top.  I had jar sauce to use so I danced it up with 1/4 C Garlic, half an onion, & the following spices: italian, oregano, basil, rosemary, onion powder, garlic powder, red pepper flakes, salt & pepper and let that simmer for 2 hours and OMG this was so tasty! Not my first lasagna...this recipe was short on the gravy (Meat sauce) as well as the, nutmeg & spinach mixture. Tasted great, and I will make it again. Thank you !
