Juicy Lucy Burgers
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/213797/juicy-lucy-burgers/
Mix ground beef, Worcestershire sauce, pepper, and garlic salt together in a bowl until well combined. Form into eight thin patties, each slightly larger than a cheese slice. Stack all cheese slices and cut into four squares. Place one small cheese stack in the center of a beef patty; cover with another beef patty and tightly pinch the edges together to seal around the cheese. Be sure to seal tightly, or the cheese will burst through when cooked. Repeat with the remaining cheese and patties. Heat a large cast-iron skillet over medium heat. Cook patties in the hot skillet until well browned, about 4 minutes; they will puff up due to steam from the melting cheese. Flip patties, prick the tops to release steam, and cook until browned on the other side and no longer pink in the center; about 4 more minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C). Serve on hamburger buns.
Minnesota's contribution to the culinary world! Don't forget to let this gem sit for a few minutes before taking your first bite, or you will have molten lava dribbling down your chin. I converted it to the metric system Kinda disappointing. Burgers shrunk up to hockey puck size. Cheese stayed put but...hmmm something not quite right. Just Ok. Not the best juicy burger I have ever made and other than piercing the burgers to let the steam out I won't use this recipe again Not it. The cook actually knows the secret. This isn’t it. I have made these for years, everybody loves them. I use different cheeses, be creative. I grilled instead of using skillet, was good,  I could taste all the ingredients.  But still seemed like something was missing. It was just another burger to me, nothing extraordinary. I might try again and make some changes. I don’t like using salt of any kind, so use garlic powder + pepper instead. I read a cooking tip for burgers that I have yet to try… freeze a stick of butter, grate some into the burger mix, like cheese, then mix & form patties. Also, if you have a grill, cooking on one is better for draining off excess grease. I cook on low & go slow for just a couple of minutes since overcooking meat is disrespectful to the burger AND the cow!! Yum! My patties shrunk quite a bit, but other than that these were great. Fantastic burger! Juicy and cheesy goodness. Followed instructions to the T and it came out perfect. So good!
