Butternut Squash Soup with a Kick
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/213734/butternut-squash-soup-with-a-kick/
Melt butter in a large pot over medium heat. Stir in onion, ginger, and jalapeño pepper; cook and stir until onion has softened and turned translucent, about 7 minutes. Add butternut squash and chicken broth; bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until squash is tender, about 30 minutes. Stir in evaporated milk, coconut milk, sugar, salt, and pepper. Cook and stir 5 minutes more. Pour soup into a blender, filling the pitcher no more than halfway. Hold down the lid of the blender with a folded kitchen towel; carefully start the blender, using a few quick pulses to get soup moving before leaving it on to purée. Purée in batches until smooth and pour into a clean pot. (Alternately, you can use a stick blender and purée soup in the cooking pot.) Ladle soup into bowls and garnish with sour cream and thyme to serve.
Yum!!! I prefer the squash roasted. Split the squash in half, salt & pepper and put 1 TB butter in before roasting 1 1/2 hours. Pour the juices out into soup pot before cutting so you don't lose the liquid. It was great as it was, but the heat was minimal. I will make again with more jalapeno so I can try it with sour cream. Thank you so much for the recipe! I’ve made this soup as written many times and it never disappoints. It is my husband’s favourite. Sometimes I add curry powder and garam marsala as well. Just takes it up a notch. The hardest part is peeling the squash. Very tasty.  Used 12 slices of picked pepper and roasted squash. Too spicy. Next time will reduce it to 4-6 slices. Will try using the coconut cream from the top of the can to sauté the onions. Perfect!  I added garlic.  I also did not have coconut milk, so I added unsweetened grated coconut prior to blending.  I also added heavy cream at the end in the place of coconut milk.  This was a family favorite.  The spicy jalapeno is a perfect complement. Beyond delicious ! This is the BEST butternut squash recipe I have ever found. I love it! I used habanero pepper because that is what I had from garden, and it was perfect. I've been making this for years but now do a vegan version- olive oil instead of butter, vegetable stock instead of chicken, and all coconut milk rather than evaporated. I actually prefer the vegan version! I also prefer leeks to onions. So, so good and easy to play with as the description suggests. Added 1 tsp. Hot sauce instead of peppers. Added 2 tsp curry Garnished with grated cheese, green onions  & croutons. I made this and have a few times since.  I tweaked it a tiny bit after first try according to my family's tastes.  Some are finicky.  I put spices on the table for those that are a bit more adventurous, lol.  I personally loved it exactaly as it was.  But most soups are my weakness, lol. Awesome soup!  Fourth or Fifth batch.  Double it every time.  Add carrots, mushrooms and garlic.  Tonight’s batch has thee small baked potatoes for a mix up.
