Rainbow Clown Cake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/213752/rainbow-clown-cake/
Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 8-inch round cake pans. Beat the egg whites with an electric mixer until frothy, about 1 minute. Add the cake mix, water, and canola oil; continue beating for 2 minutes on medium speed. Divide the cake batter into six separate bowls. Use a toothpick to scoop a dab of food coloring into one bowl of batter and stir; add more food coloring, if necessary, to reach the desired shade. Repeat with the remaining colors and bowls of batter. Scoop spoonfuls of batter into the prepared pans, alternating the colors. Use a toothpick to gently swirl the colors for a marbled effect. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the cake comes clean, about 30-35 minutes. Cool in the pans for 10 minutes before removing to cool completely on a wire rack.
Made into cupcakes. I also did not swirl the colors at all. I wanted a very straight, uniform "rainbow" type effect. This was VERY NEAT looking. I also used the regualr liquid food coloring, not the gel type. If you only have the liquid type coloring, here is the ratio of drops to make each color. PURPLE is 9 R and 6 B. BLUE is 12 drops. GREEN is 12 drops. YELLOW is 12 drops. ORANGE is 12 Y and 4 R. RED is 18 drops. The red will look a bit pink but will turn out bright red when baked. I didn't use enough food coloring so it was really pale It  was not   the best. This  got so many oohs and ahhs when we cut into the cake. Tasted good too. Many times in many color combos! From kids’ bdays to adults, baby showers to football games. People love the colors! Warning: do NOT skimp on the food coloring! You’ll ruin the whole thing if you don’t use good quality paste colors. I personally use the gels from Wilton. Wonderful results everytime. When I say you lose quality if you try to take the tiny bit cheaper liquids, they will not only deprive the cake color vividnesss, they change the batter, and the baking. You’ll throw the baked cake in the garbage for it. Turned out great!!!! Love it I made this for a one-year old's smash cake. I did more even layers instead of the "marble" effect. It was adorable! Very cute to make! i made it but instead of using mix i made it homemade it turned out great but it made it too liquidy. i could still make it though !!
