Oatmeal Pancakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/21384/oatmeal-pancakes-ii/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine buttermilk, flour, oats, egg, oil, sugar, vanilla, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a blender; purée until smooth. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat a lightly oiled griddle or large skillet over medium-high heat. Pour 1/4 cupfuls batter onto the hot griddle. Cook until bubbles form on the surface, 1 to 2 minutes. Flip and cook until browned on the other side, 1 to 2 minutes more. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve immediately. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I need to preface this review by stating emphatically I am a Bisquick pancake girl. It's what I grew up on, it's all I know. NOT ANY MORE!!! I love, love, love these pancakes! They are nice and fluffy and w/a great flavor and texture. I subbed whole wheat flour and Splenda brown sugar blend for the AP flour and sugar (and I only had old fashioned oats) w/amazing results. I also am not a big fan of buttermilk, so I used 1% "regular" milk. I am a home made pancake convert, and healthy ones, at that! THANK YOU for an awesome recipe (DH concurs). My only wish is that I'd had the ingredients to make home made butter & maple syrup to serve along with them.  I made breakfast for dinner last night. My husband loved these pancakes! A lot of ingredients, but really worth the effort. They were the best pancakes I’ve had in a long time. Way better than IHOP. And healthy with the addition of oatmeal. Great result.  I subbed Oatmilk for a dairy free recipe. I don’t have a large blender.  So…. I mixed all dry ingredients in one bowl.  All wet in another. Then combined all together and results were excellent. Flavour and texture perfect, but next time I will use my magic bullet to first make oat flour out of oatmeal to improve texture.  This was simple and delicious.  A definite keeper! I’m guilty of not following recipes to the T.I subbed maple syrup for sugar, old fashioned rolled oats, whole grain flour, 1/4 cup buttermilk, 1/2 cups almond milk and 1tsp meal from this AM, walnut oil, added 1/2 tsp chai seeds.Toasted some coconutIt was good, but not great. I needed fluff and texture ( prob where sugar and folding in egg whites comes in.) I added another 1/4 cup of oats,  1/4 cup toasted walnuts and omitted the salt. I think I've found a favorite recipe. This recipe is excellent.  I don’t order pancakes when I go out for breakfast because nothing compares to these!  They are soft (not rubbery) and so easy to make … just mix them up in the blender. I have made this recipe 100's of times.  Always requested to make again. I split milk in half with oat milk, it should rest for 5 minutes before pouring to allow for oats to absorb liquid as I did not puree it just mixed it in a bowl We loved this recipe...it will be our new staple for pancakes.  I did make some changes.  I used the more convenient instant buttermilk powder with water instead of the prepared and sometimes hard-to-find product.  I also replaced the oil with melted unsalted butter to add more flavor.  The final touch was the addition of cinnamon.  As usual, the pancakes were served with fruit and whipped cream.
