Easy Pumpkin Pie Squares
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/21387/easy-pumpkin-pie-squares/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a medium bowl, cream together butter and brown sugar. Mix in flour. Fold in oats. Press into a 9x13-inch baking dish. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes, until toasted. In a large bowl, beat eggs with white sugar. Beat in pumpkin and evaporated milk. Mix in salt, cinnamon, ginger, and cloves. Pour over baked crust. Bake in the preheated oven for 20 minutes, until set. Let cool before cutting into squares.
Delicious! There's definately not enough crust to cover a pan. I followed the directions exactly and my crust was burned after 15 min. By the end of cooking, it was inedible. But the pie filling was excellent. My recommendation is to double the entire recipe. Bake the crust for only 5 min and add 10-15 min cook time to the pie filling. Once out, let it stand for at least 1/2 hr. Pumpkin sets better over time.  I loved this recipe a few years ago and saved it as a favorite.  This year I accidentally substituted condensed milk for evaporated milk.  I should have known when I had to set aside 2 ounces of the 14 ounce can.  I didn’t notice until after taking the dish out of the oven and wondering why it took so long (40 min.) for the pumpkin to set.   I tasted the square and it was absolutely delicious.  The filling was rich and creamy.  I made a second batch with evaporated milk but substituted the pumpkin with fresh sweet potato.   Yummy! Very delicious & easy Easy. Turned out perfect. Smells good. I used 3 medium eggs. I also used self-rising flour because that’s what I have.  That gives this a smidge more height.  Worked great! I think it is perfect as-is recipe as well. Very easy!  This crust takes 5 minutes to stir, and then press into a buttered pan. (Definitely butter the pan, I did try both ways). While it par-cooks for 10 minutes, the rest of the pumpkin filling comes together in that next 10 minutes.  Very low stress.Grateful that I don’t have to roll-out pie crust and can make these in flat squares that I can share with others. Me and my friend tried this and it was great! I didn't measure the spices and added a lot of cinnamon, and i could still barely  taste it. And maybe next time I will cook the crust 5-10 minutes longer. This recipe is  definitely a keeper!!!! it is WAY easier to make this rather than pie,  and tastes almost exactly the same!!! Yum! I made these as the recipe called out and added 8 minutes extra to the final bake time, just to make sure the center was completely set/baked.  These are delicious and I will definitely be making them again! Thanks for sharing the recipe! Love this recipe as is, and with baked sweet potatoes replacing the pumpkin.  Love it so much I’ve make it multiple times in the last few months with the potatoes (it’s sweet potato season on the farm!). I’ve made them lactose free as well using soy milk/soy milk powder instead of evaporated milk and coconut butter instead of butter.  I’ve also made it with a mix of brown and white sugar, just brown sugar, added vanilla, or melado (sugar cane syrup) as a sweetener.  Today I added some shredded coconut to the crust.   If I have extra potatoes I just add a bit more milk and an extra egg, it takes a little longer to bake.  Definitely an excellent base recipe and a keeper! I have made a couple of times.  I did not change anything on the recipe,  but it definitely took longer then 20 minutes to cook, and I only precooked crust for 5 minutes. Everybody loves it, especially the crust. I have made this recipe twice now exactly as instructed.  I had plenty of crust for the bottom of the pan and I received rave reviews from all.  I wouldn't change a thing.  Thank you
