Banana Pudding
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/21398/banana-pudding-iv/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Beat cream cheese in a large bowl until fluffy. Beat in condensed milk, then pudding mix. Gradually mix in cold milk until smooth, followed by vanilla. otdash Meredith Food Studio Fold in 1/2 of the whipped topping. otdash Meredith Food Studio Line the bottom of a 9x13-inch dish with vanilla wafers. otdash Meredith Food Studio Arrange sliced bananas evenly on top. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cover with pudding mixture. otdash Meredith Food Studio Top with remaining whipped topping. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cover and chill in the refrigerator for at least 3 hours before serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I just have one comment. People who give reviews and have changed the recipe are not helpful at all. For once, I would like to see reviews based on exactly how the recipe is written. This is the best banana pudding recipe! I have made numerous times. Make sure you get INSTANT pudding mix and If you want thicker pudding use less milk (2 to 2 1/2 cups). Love it! I make this every Thanksgiving for 5+ years now. I use whole milk, add a small package of banana cream pudding, and make three layers of cookie/banana/pudding in a large square container. I make this for potluck BBQ’s. It is always a hit and I am always asked for the recipe. I use Biscoff wafers in place of Nilla wafers because I like them better. Love this recipe! So delicious and creamy and pleasing to the eyes!! I used banana pudding instead by mistake, but was so good and used extra creamy, whip cream in tub and more than the recipe calls for! Mmmmm! Crumbled more nillas on top. I don't eat whipped "topping" it's gross. I make my banana pudding with fresh whipped cream.  I suggest you do the same!  Much healthier! This is amazing recipe! So easy and everyone loves it. I sometimes substitute Banana Cream pudding instead to give it a more banana-y flavor, but it is great whichever you choose!
