Cheddar and Vegetable Pasta Bake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/213917/cheddar-and-vegetable-pasta-bake/
Melt butter in large saucepan over medium heat. Add garlic; cook 2 minutes. Add flour; cook and stir 1 minute. Add milk, salt and pepper sauce. Heat to a boil, stirring constantly. Remove from heat; stir in 1 cup cheese until melted. Add sauce and vegetables to pasta; toss well. Transfer to a greased medium baking dish or oval casserole. Cover with foil; bake in preheated 375 degrees F oven 15 minutes or until hot. Uncover and sprinkle with remaining cheese; bake 2 minutes more or until cheese is melted.
I've never made mac and cheese before this, but we LOVE it. We don't use the garlic or hot pepper mainly because I have been out of it every time I make it, but it is one of our go to meals. As the others have said, good base. I substituted for gluten-free options (almond flour and gluten-free pasta), used oat milk, as well as used fresh veggies (bell peppers, jalepenos, onions, peas) instead of frozen. I also doubled up on the siracha in the sauce, and added hot paprika before baking. Worked out so well, I had thirds! You can definitely add even more siracha/hot sauce, however- it flavors the food, but loses much of its bite in the cheese. Right off the top I did make some changes based on the comments here. I used fresh broccoli, cauliflower and carrots which I can get prepared and bagged at my local supermarket. I sautéed them for a few minutes in olive oil before adding to the pasta. Also used half sharp cheddar and half Monterey Jack grated as I had both on hand. Used a  teaspoon of Frank's hot sauce, the rest as per recipe. I served this as a side dish with roasted garlic/Rosemary chicken breasts. Best I got from the family was "great" and I enjoyed so will make it again for sure. Sorry but some recipes are a "starting point or a "base" and this is one of them.  I made this for a pot luck where I had the task of the pasta and vegetable dish.  Yes, it is what I call a base recipe and, as such, it was a perfect base.  By itself I could not have served it to my family or to my friends.  Here are my changes:First, I sauteed chopped onions, red bell pepper and celery with the garlic.  Second, I added Fox Point seasoning (Penzey's miracle for anything vegetables!) at the same time I added the pasta.  Finally, I baked it but added the breadcrumbs and parsley as another reviewer suggested.  It was delicious.  I gave it 4 stars because as written, it would be fine for a beginner or someone who is not an experienced cook but wants to leave the mac and cheese box behind.  Thanks for sharing. Great if you can be creative, like one user said... I really liked this.  It's a great base recipe. After making it the first time, I know just how I'll alter it next time.  I'll use some parmesan and more hot pepper sauce for flavor (I used sriracha). Also, I think this would be amazing with fresh veggies. A nice cheesy pasta. My kids liked it. You can customize veggies to your tastes. I topped with 1/2 c. cheddar and 1/2 c. parmesan cheese which added a bit more flavor. This is simple enough to make and tastes good, although I would make a few changes.  I agree with one of the other reviewers that it CAN be bland, but that of course is where your own creativity comes in.  I mixed bread crumbs and parsley with the cheese topping, and next time I plan on adding black pepper and parsley to the cheese sauce.  I will definitely make this again! I've never made mac and cheese before this, but we LOVE it.  We don't use the garlic or hot pepper mainly because I have been out of it every time I make it, but it is one of our go to meals. While this was a easy recipe, there was no flavor but that in the veggies. The noodles were tender, the veggies still had a crunch to it, I did follow to a T other then the I used mix veggies (green beans, peas, carrots & corn mix) But nothing is this recipe was a wow. Sorry, wasn't a crowd pleaser.
