Brown Sugar and Pineapple Glazed Ham
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/214002/brown-sugar-and-pineapple-glazed-ham/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Place ham, cut-side down, into a roasting pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cut skin off pineapple with a sharp knife and slice off any brown spots or skin left behind. Cut pineapple into 1/2-inch-thick rings and use a round cutter to remove cores. Pin rings onto ham with toothpicks. otdash Meredith Food Studio otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake ham in the preheated oven for 30 minutes. While ham bakes, mix pineapple juice and brown sugar in a microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on medium power until glaze is boiling and slightly thickened. Work carefully because glaze will be sticky and very hot. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour 1/2 of the glaze evenly over ham and pineapple rings. Bake ham for 30 minutes more, then pour remaining glaze over ham. otdash Meredith Food Studio otdash Meredith Food Studio Continue baking ham until a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of ham reads 140 degrees F (60 degrees C), 30 to 60 minutes more. Enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
This is how I usually make a ham and everyone loves it. My boyfriend will ask for me to make my ham and pineapples atleast once a month. I usually use a boneless ham as I get grossed out by bones in any kind of meat. I also will use canned pineapple in pineapple juice if we don't have fresh pineapple. The only other thing I do differently is I put the brown sugar on the ham first then cook it then make more glaze and add it about an hour before done then again about 30 mins. later. I kind of tripple glaze the ham!! Great recipe!! Even though it’s not thanksgiving my grandma makes this very often and it’s so good! Hopefully you guys see this review! The best ham I’ve ever had😋 I always follow the recipe exactly when making it for the first time.  I wouldn't change a thing next time I make this.  I got complimented 4 times during dinner.... The instructions for making the glaze don't really work. I microwaved the glaze at medium for over 40 minutes and it never thickened. I have a good and powerful microwave. I resorted to boiling it on the stove and using a candy thermometer to try to get it to around 250 and even then, it wasn't THAT thick. It was still kind of runny. I would amend these instructions if you can. It all depends on how big the ham is, I had got very huge ham and that took at least 5 hours to cook in the roaster lol but very good recipe :) ham is good but save yourself the time and use your stove top for the glaze instead of putting it in the microwave. doesn’t get hot enough in the microwave. It took forever for the glaze to thicken. I added cornstarch and simmered on the stove..This recipe was terrible!!! it took 2 hours to thicken the glaze , by then the ham was done we used tons of brown sugar added honey and syrup , cornstartch  nothing really helped Awesome 👌 This made a perfect Easter dinner!
