Mom's Applesauce Pancakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/21429/moms-applesauce-pancakes/
Stir pancake mix and cinnamon together in a large bowl; make a well in the center and add eggs, applesauce, lemon juice and milk. Stir mixture until smooth. Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium high heat. Pour or scoop the batter onto the griddle, using approximately 1/4 cup for each pancake; cook until bubbles form and the edges are dry, 1 to 2 minutes. Flip and cook until browned on the other side. Repeat with remaining batter.
One of the reviewers gave the most helpful tip: Do NOT use a "just add water" pancake mix. Use a "real" pancake mix. Also, the lemon juice makes a big difference, IMO. Simple, tasty. I used homemade applesauce. Just  because I was being crazy, and no disrespect to the author, substituted salted caramel pear butter for the applesauce. Something I had canned from Fuyu persimmons. Pretty tasty. These were pretty darned good. I took advice of other reviewers and bought a mix that wasn’t “complete only add water” and went for one that required other ingredients. I bought chunky applesauce and would definitely recommend doing this. Those soft chunks of apple in the pancake were awesome. My pancakes were very fluffy and light.  Definitely could taste applesauce but it wasn't strong. Was told by family to make them again. Not nearly enough apple flavor, and the texture was more dense than I would have liked.  The batter was EXTREMELY thick, and I added a lot more milk (more than double) to reach the consistency that I know works on pancakes.  I’m always looking for something new when it comes to food, but unfortunately, I won’t be making these again.  They were simply OK, not that that’s a bad thing, either, but I have other pancake recipes that I like better. Not a pancake eater but these were pretty good.  Didn't eat a full serving - just too filling. Applesauce was unsweetened so a little powdered sugar may fix that.  I liked better with dried cranberries added.  Going to try putting in the freezer. My husband and I really enjoyed these pancakes! They turned out fluffy, browned beautifully, and were delicious. I made half the recipe and it made 6 pancakes.  I used Kodiak Power Pancake Mix (it's whole grain and high protein so needs help to be fluffy) and used buttermilk instead of the milk and lemon juice. I added maybe 2 extra tablespoons applesauce and more buttermilk - didn't measure, just poured in small amounts till batter reached the right consistency.  So easy to make!  This one's a keeper! Would good server with strawberries, blueberries or other fruit along with the usual butter and syrup. Delicious I’m giving this 5 stars because my 6 year old LOVES them.  I only had half a lemon so I added that plus a splash of white vinegar.  Easy, relatively healthy, and tasty!
