Upside-Down Turkey
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/21422/upside-down-turkey/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Remove and discard giblets. Rinse turkey and pat dry. Place turkey upside-down (with breast facing down) in a roasting pan. Place 1/2 of the butter in the cavity of the turkey. Cut remaining butter into pieces and rub over the outside of the skin. Pour water into the pan and cover with foil. Cook in the preheated oven until the internal temperature of the thighs has reached 180 degrees F (80 degrees C), 3 to 3 1/2 hours.
This was my first turkey. It turned out great!! So juicy and tender! I usd aple juice instead of water, and I made a rub of 1 stick melted butter, salt, pepper, rubbed sage, garlic powder, and poultry seasoning. I also stuck little pices of butter between the breast and the skin. It was delicious. My husband cant get enough of it. Made it last year and it was so moist. Omg this was so tender I didn’t even use my carving knife.  Only thing I added was put it in a open turkey bag placed inside the covered roasting pan, and sprinkled with seasoning salt.  Besides that I didn’t change the instructions.  It was the best turkey I ever made!  I forgot to take a picture though was in a hurry to gobble this bird up! Works well. I do not roast turkey to 180 degrees, however.  This leads to a dry bird. Removing the bird at 165 suffices, as the turkey continues to cook after coming out of the oven.  We turned off the oven and let it sit a bit.We also do not use the water. We salt the outside of the turkey, adding butter inside as the recipe directs. We also add spices outside. We turn the bird over the last hour and remove the foil, basting several times. It's easy to do with oven mitts and a turkey lifter, especially with a proper roasting pan with rack, not a cheapie aluminum one. TIP!!!!!! Use rubber gloves to turn the turkey right side up. (much easier and safer) I have a pair of gloves I use just for flipping the bird! We put it in the oven and left the house.  Came back three and a half hours later and it was done!  No basting.  Never took the lid off and it was golden brown. Super moist and super delicious.  Everyone raved!  I ALSO followed  another cook's advice and used apple juice in the bottom of the pan and rubbed on melted butter with pepper, rubbed sage, garlic powder and poultry seasoning.  Turkey fell apart on transfer.  If you care about appearances more than flavor do not use the recipe.  But, that would be a mistake. :-) Tried it last year and I will never go back!  Added more seasoning and used orange juice instead of water. It's not pretty but so worth it! Ok, so  every year I make a different turkey recipe, and they've all been good, but not over-the-top good.  And they've all been a lot of work.  I wanted an easy recipe this year because I only had one day off for Thanksgiving and didn't want to spend it in the kitchen.  I made this turkey recipe for Thanksgiving this year, but added MEAT TENDERIZER and POULTRY SEASONING to the inside and outside of the turkey, and I added chicken bouillon to the water that I put in the bottom of my Nesco.  I then baked it in my Nesco for 4-1/2 hours.  (We had a 10-1/2 pound turkey).  It was by far THE BEST turkey I have ever made.  And the extra time I baked it caused the meat to literally fall right off the bones...no knife was needed!It will be my "go-to" recipe from here on out. Good This is the basis for how I cook my turkey every year. I usually place 2 sticks of butter in the crevice and rub the bird with oil and spices (poultry seasoning, garlic salt and powder, salt and pepper then a pinch of cumin).  Place it in a Reynold's Turkey bag, breast side down and away it goes.
