Three Packet Slow Cooker Roast
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/214413/three-packet-slow-cooker-roast/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Whisk water, ranch dressing mix, Italian dressing mix, and brown gravy mix together in a bowl until smooth. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place the beef roast into a slow cooker; pour the dressing mix on top. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook on Low until the roast is easily pierced by a fork, 6 to 8 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio
2 thumbs up! Of all the slow cooker roast recipes I have tried... there have been many due to my hectic schedule, this is by far the easiest and most tasty. I added quartered potatoes and baby carrots to the cooker to complete this meal. The coloring of the veggies due to the packet mixes were inviting. The flavor was exceptional. Thanks for such a keeper killer recipe! Best flavor & leftovers make great stew or French dip sandwiches. Whenever I see packets of anything, I immediately think "sodium & preservative bomb". Thanks, but no thanks. Maybe try real spices and herbs. I put sliced white onions in the bottom of my crockpot and placed 5 pepperoncini peppers on top on the roast and let it slow cook. Easy recipe.  Great taste! I use the three-packet method for beef stew as well and it works great. I use a Hamilton Beach cooker that lets you put the liner on the stovetop and brown/sauté.  Then put the liner back in the crock pot and set your timer.  Perfect for this recipe which turned out great.  I only added a Tablespoon of liquid smoke which deepens the taste. Followed the recipe and was happy I did. Great recipe. I took the advice of several others and added potatoes, carrots, onions and mushrooms to the roast with the packets and water and had a complete meal in one pot. Totally botched the recipe and it still turned out great!  (layered onions on bottom of slow cooker and added carrots, placed roast on top, added italian dressing packet, forgot to add water, slow cooked on high for 4 hours).    I can imagine that with the water & the other ingredients it would be even that much more flavorable and tender.  Made gravy by adding cornstarch to the liquid in the slow cooker.  Really good.
