Stuffed Blueberry Toast
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/214486/stuffed-blueberry-toast/
Stir the cream cheese, almonds, brown sugar, and lemon juice together in a bowl until the mixture is soft and thoroughly combined; spread over one side of each bread slice. Place 1/4 of the blueberries onto a bread slice; press down on the berries to keep them from rolling off. Top the blueberries with a cream cheese-spread slice. Repeat 3 more times with remaining berries to make 4 blueberry sandwiches. Beat the eggs, milk, vanilla extract, and cinnamon together in a bowl until blended. Spray a skillet with cooking spray and heat over medium-low heat. Dip each blueberry sandwich into the egg mixture on both sides; fry in the prepared skillet until golden brown, about 3 minutes per side.
I have made this for many years only using texas toast. Just slice horizontally part way thru the slice of bread and put your cream cheese and fruit in side. Wonderful. I made this with Mother's Day brunch for my wife and family, and it turned out great. After reading other reviews, I adopted some of their suggestions and made a few more changes that better suited our likes:  (1) Used 6 pieces of thickly sliced brioche bread (would have used Italian loaf and sliced it thick if brioche wasn't available). Using a very sharp knife, I sliced each piece of the brioche on it's edge to create a pocket.  (2) For the egg wash, I increased the eggs to three, decreased milk to 1/4 cup plus 1/4 cup of flavored coffee creamer. I also increased the cinnamon to taste and included a little nutmeg.  (3) For the filling, I substituted mascarpone in place of cream cheese, used more than double the lemon juice (added nice flavor and made the filling easier to spread), increased brown sugar to our desired sweetness, and substituted chopped pecans in place of almonds.  (4) I spread about 1/3+ cup of the filling evenly inside the pocket of each piece of bread before dipping them in the egg wash.  (5) Used a little vegetable oil for frying and cut skillet time down to less than 2 minutes per side, just until each side browned.  (6) Moved lightly fried toast to a lined cookie sheet and baked at 400-degrees for 5 minutes to make sure egg mixture was fully cooked inside the thick bread slices. Topped with powdered sugar before serving. My wife was impressed and our whole family loved it. Loved it!! So easy and delicious! Followed recipe exactly except left out the almonds!! This was a great dish.  I read all the reviews and made it to fit my family. It was so good.  I recommend that everyone should try it! This was a BIG hit with my family! Kids loved it!! I've made this with blueberries and strawberries, my wife loves both. I made it with no almonds and bananas instead of blueberries. It was great my wife and two girls loved it. Gonna try strawberries and bananas on the next one. I made a few changes due to other reviewers comments.  I made 1/2 a recipe for just the 2 of us using sliced Italian bread.  I added an extra tablespoon of brown sugar and less filling in between the bread so to avoid the excess oozing out.  It was just perfect for us.  Used frozen blueberries that were flash frozen last Summer.  So good! This was good but for my liking I would leave out the almonds next time and add a bit more Brown sugar. I got six sandwiches out of this recipe by just putting the cream cheese on one side. That was actually plenty of "filling." I also used a whole-milk creamer instead of milk to make it richer. You could add flavor by doing this (vanilla, almond, etc.) My children ages 3, 6 and 8 all loved it. Yum!
