Caribbean Slaw
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/214509/caribbean-slaw/
Toss the cabbage, red bell pepper, red onion, carrots, mango, and cilantro together in a large bowl. Whisk the yogurt, mayonnaise, mustard, cider vinegar, agave nectar, salt, pepper, and hot sauce together in a small bowl; pour over the cabbage mixture and toss to coat. Allow the slaw to marinate in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour to allow the flavors to combine.
Saw the comment about this being too dry and flavorless so I added a good bit more cider vinegar. I also used a mayo alternate at double the recipe, used way more of the habanero hot sauce, cayenne, turmeric, and creole seasoning...all to taste with a good amount of salt and pepper. Oh, also 3 small mangos to balance the spice. Very, very good. I'll add this to my recipe box for sure. So, moral is, taste the dressing as you go and add to it if you think it needs more oomph. Enjoy! Tastes exactly like all the ingredients in it as I thought. The yogurt makes it less pungent, but it's really nothing special. Pretty tasty slaw. I might add a bit of heat next time. This was amazing!!  I did add some celery seed, a little extra hot sauce, and more mayo.  The sweet, cool mango offsets the heat of the hot sauce.  It was a side to jerk chicken & Caribbean crab cakes and was PEFRCT! Just make sure the cabbage is FINELY shredded- was even better the next day after sitting in sauce longer. I used it on top of salmon burgers and loved it as well as by itself. Made this last night to go with Jerk chicken and coconut black bean rice, and everybody loved it including my picky DH! I added an extra TBSP of cider vinegar and used honey instead because I had no agave syrup, and everyone raved- the perfect pairing with any spicy entree! Great recipe- thank you! I adjusted a few things because I didn't have all of the ingredients. I substituted about a teaspoon ground red pepper for the hot sauce (we don't like spicey), 1/3 olive oil based mayo for the mayo and yogurt and bagged cole slaw for the cabbage and carrots. My family loved it! Thanks for a great base recipe! I was in a pinch. It was fast, easy and tasted great! We just came back from Jamaica and I was craving the Caribbean flavors we had while there. I made this with just a couple do tweaks. I used just a bit more mayonnaise, substituted sugar for the agave nectar(I'm allergic), and used raisins instead of the other items. I made this for my mother and husband and we did not care for it at all. Made this today with extras I had from my bountiful basket.  I used half of the cabbage to start and used red, yellow, and orange bell peppers that I needed to use up.  I also only had white onion and dried cilantro, not the fresh stuff and honey instead of the agave.  I loved it!  I ended up adding more cabbage at the end because there was quite a lot of dressing still.  Not sure why people say it's dry unless they had a large cabbage?  Anyway, 5 stars!  Great recipe!
