Chipotle Mac and Cheese
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/214502/chipotle-mac-and-cheese/
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil. Stir in macaroni and return to a boil. Cook macaroni uncovered, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 8 minutes. Drain well in a colander set in the sink. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly coat a 9x13-inch baking dish with cooking spray. Place macaroni into prepared baking dish. Meanwhile, heat milk in a saucepan until hot but not boiling. Melt butter in a separate saucepan. Add onion, garlic, and chipotles; cook and stir until onion translucent, about 5 minutes. Whisk in flour, 1 tablespoon at a time; cook about 3 minutes, whisking constantly to avoid burning. Whisk in hot milk, 1/2 cup at a time. Stir in paprika; season with salt and pepper. Bring mixture to a simmer (do not boil), whisking constantly until thickened, about 2 minutes. Whisk in Cheddar and Monterey Jack, 1/2 cup at a time; stir until cheese melted and sauce thick and smooth. Pour sauce over macaroni; stir to combine. Cover dish with foil. Bake covered until bubbling and macaroni has absorbed some sauce, about 40 minutes. Uncover; continue baking until golden brown on edges, 10 to 15 minutes more.
Completely satisfied! Fairly easy to prepare, even with a 12 month old at my feet. Super tasty and has a nice kick! I didn't change a thing on the recipe. Just used the 3 biggest peppers I could find in the jar and there was plenty of heat. Nice and moist too, not dry at all like some baked mac and cheese recipes I've tried. I really liked this. My son thought it was spicy! We have been making this fantastic recipe for years.  Since my daughter started eating a low carb diet we make this using two heads of cauliflower, steamed, in place of the macaroni.  Sooo good. FYI, I wouldn't use pre-shredded cheese because it has cellulose powder which will effect the consistency of the cheese sauce. I would also add a dollop of sour cream to the cheese sauce. It's important to not use much chipotle because it's very overbearing, I'd start with one pepper or use chipotle powder instead.  Adding a light sprinkling of smoked cheddar on top before the breadcrumbs will add to the smokiness of the peppers. I created a nearly identical recipe 10 years ago and let's just say I learned my lesson. Followed all directions and was good!  Even my selective Mac and cheese lover licked it.  Will make in future but will use more chili's next time...need spicier!! Tasted excellent! First time making a bechamel without burning it, or the milk turning. Not too heavy, nor are the peppers too much. GREAT RECIPE. Too much flour made the end result slightly clumpy rather than creamy and cheesy. Would reduce to 3-4 tbs if I made again. So tasty! I followed the recipe as written except for omitting the onions. Very addictive taste as long as you like heat. Yum! I was actually looking for a mac 'n' cheese similar to one I've made in the past. I searched for a recipe that included the keywords "macaroni, sharp cheddar, whole milk," and "flour," but excluded "Velveeta." Bravo! I did leave out the chipotles this time, as is was made for my small kids, but I'd like to try the spicy version for grownups, next time! This is one of the better mac & cheese recipes I have tried. It's full of flavor. I added an additional chipotle out of the can. I also used gluten free penne (corn, rice and quinoa). I used 1c of pepper jack and 2c of Velveeta shreds. It has a nice smoky heat w/o being too spicy.
