Quick Pasta Sauce
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/21455/quick-pasta-sauce/
Gather the ingredients. Heat oil in a large skillet over low heat; add garlic and sauté until tender, about 2 minutes. Stir in crushed tomatoes, basil, salt, and pepper. Simmer, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, 15 to 20 minutes. Serve immediately.
I really didn't expect this sauce to taste as great as it did- I will never buy another jar of sauce. It cooked faster than the pasta and was a very sweet sauce! I did add some oregano and extra basil. The beauty of this is that you can add anything to it and it's great- I added green pepper, mushrooms (drained), and some italian sausage- perfect for the chunky sauce lover. It was awesome!! Thanks so much for this recipe!! This is the first time i have ever made my own pasta sauce and it was a hit! It's a great base recipe, I added a little brown sugar and it was perfect. I also only had diced canned tomatoes but they cooked down nicely. No complaints here! I like it  delicious 😋especially when you put brown sugar and seasoning while stirring before you put it on your meal whether stews 😋😋😋 Nice and simple, I fry 150g of chopped onions before frying the garlic and add a 1/2 teaspoon of cumin power 30 seconds before adding the tomatoes, yummy Quick, simple & tasty This recipe was quite delicious and I’d say If you don’t have crushed tomatoes like me, purée is a great substitute! Tastes like sadness. Watery, bland and lacking much flavor.  Doctoring a jar of anything is easier and tastier. Made as written to start with and this needs more flavor. My recommendations are to switch out the basil to Italian seasoning so that you get oregano and all of the other flavors that go with it and double it at that. This WAS quick and easy so high props there. I added cooked ground beef in the end and it needs this or you end up with a very watery sauce. Great jumping off point but this recipe needs tweaks. Excellent base recipe. Fast and easy to make. I’ve been experimenting with adding ground beef and ground veal, as well as onions or shallots. Very easy to adapt this to your own personal flavor preferences.
