Cinnamon Raisin Stuffed French Toast
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/214599/cinnamon-raisin-stuffed-french-toast/
In a small bowl, mix together the cream cheese, sugar, and 1/8 teaspoon of cinnamon until thoroughly combined. Spread cream cheese mixture onto 4 slices of raisin bread. Top each spread slice with another slice of raisin bread to make 4 sandwiches. In a shallow bowl, beat the eggs with milk and 1/8 teaspoon of cinnamon. Dip each sandwich into the egg mixture on both sides. Grease a skillet with butter, and place over medium heat. Brown the sandwiches in the skillet for about 2 minutes per side.
We have been making and enjoying this recipe for years! It's quick and tasty and very comforting breakfast/brunch food. You can change up the bread for new choices of taste. Excellent!! I added slices of bananas onto of the cream cheese mixture It added a different twist to the recipe which turned out awesome I think adding the honey will cut some of the cream cheese after taste. Other than that, my family really enjoyed it. It's a great Sunday morning treat. I loved it, but my family did not. Turned out ok. It just tastes like cream cheese between two pieces of bread. I will double the sugar and cinnamon in the cream cheese next time. This recipe is a good start, but can be better.  With some changes, including cooking technique.For the custard I used 3 eggs and 3-ish tbsp heavy cream. To that I added vanilla bean, cinnamon and nutmeg. For the filing I used cream cheese, powered sugar and cinnamon. I soaked the cinnamon raisin bread really well in the custard mixture, poking holes in it with a fork to make sure it was worked well into the bread. I put two slices in the pan to cook over medium. When the bottoms were brown and the custard beginning to set, I flipped them and spooned and spread the stuffing on one slice then put the other slice cooked side down on top of the stuffed part. After it cooked through on the bottom I flipped it and finished cooking the top. I pulled it out of the pan and topped it with some homemade cranberry compote and a dash of the powered sugar.Cranberry compote was fresh cranberries, clementine juice, coconut sugar, pure cane sugar and water boiled down until it turns into a delicious syrupy compote. This recipe turned out great!  It was so easy to make. I make this often. Great recipe. I made this for friends and they loved it. I was surprised with how simple it was yet awesome. I would use half the cream cheese mixture next time, but it was a hit!
