Witches' Brew
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/21468/witches-brew/
To make the frozen hand: Wash and rinse the outside of a rubber glove. Turn glove inside out and set aside. In a 4-cup measuring cup, combine the thawed raspberries and cranberry juice. Pour 2 cups of the raspberry mixture into a small saucepan. Sprinkle the gelatin over and let stand 2 minutes. Warm over low heat, stirring constantly, just until gelatin dissolves. Mix back into the reserved raspberry mixture in the measuring cup. Pour raspberry mixture into the inverted glove. Gather up the top of the glove and tie securely with kitchen twine. Freeze until solid, or several days if possible. To serve: Carefully cut glove to remove from frozen hand. Place frozen hand, palm side up, leaning against side of a large punch bowl. Pour in ginger ale and sparkling cider. Garnish with gummy snakes.
I made this last night for a pre trick or treat party at our house for a group of my kids friends. The taste of the punch was good and very easy to throw together although the hand did not work out for me so I'm only rating this 4 stars. I followed the directions as written and ended up with enough raspberry mixture to fill 2 gloves. I froze them for 2 full days and while I was removing the glove a finger on each hand broke off. The kids thought it was still cool to have the chopped off finger floating in the punch bowl with the hand missing a finger. Very Halloween! I think next time I will just freeze water and make an ice hand. I hope they edit the recipe to indicate "latex free" glove. I used vinyl because you just never know who could have an allergy. Turned out great. Recommend making the hand the day before to ensure ot freezes. Love this punch, I added lime sherbet with made it frothy and sppoky! I used cherry jello sinceI didn't have plain gelatin in the house.  It made the punch a deeper red.  The hand had 2 fingers break off but that made it more scary.  In fact, it was so scary for the kids they wouldn't drink it initially.  It was very good and eventually they got over the scariness. I made this for my Gravity Falls themed Halloween party. It turned out perfect and I had enough of the berry mixture for two hands.  Maybe I had a smaller glove.  The punch was delicious and everyone liked it.  Will make again! Turned out awesome. This is great. The glove trick worked great, you really need to be careful while getting the hand out of the glove, but i didn't use the punch that was in this recipe.I took the Jelly, water and red food coloring to make the had, this made a very stiff had in the first place, and when it did get softer, it still stayed in one piece because of all the gelatin. It looked great and I served it at a preteen party.  Many thought it was too sweet. I've made it again three years in a row because the kids thought it looked so cool! Awesome Me and the kids love this one.
