Best Grilled Corn On The Cob 
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/214644/juicy-grilled-corn-on-the-cob/
Pour cold water into a large pot. Stir in sugar and 1/2 cup salt until dissolved. Place corn into the pot and allow to soak for at least 30 minutes but no longer than 8 hours. Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat and lightly oil the grate. Cook corn on the preheated grill, turning every 2 to 3 minutes, until slightly charred on all sides. Brush corn with butter; season with salt and pepper.
Great recipe - I soaked my corn in the sugar/salt water for a couple of hours. I used all the sugar and 1/4 cup of salt. I left the husks intact (peeling them back a little and removing a bit of excess silk) because that's how I grill them so the corn basically stems inside the husk. I'm not sure if we had really good corn or if it was the soak, but my husband looked up at me and said he wished we'd grilled more corn. So, we have a winner here and this will be how we soak our corn from now on..... Pretty good. Let the corn soak for about an hour. I can't believe I didn't print it out; this will be the corn recipe in our house from now on. So simple and so very good. Thank your so much The only recipe deviation is that I cut it in half. Delicious! I'll be brining  corn as long as I'm grilling it. Will definitely make this again. So Completely Unbelievably Juicy!!!!!! Yummy! After rolling the cobs in butter, I sprinkled garlic salt and pepper on them before and after grilling them. Putting them on the grill gives them a chewy, nutty texture that my guest loved. Will definitely make these again! I've made this recipe twice and the corn tastes the same whether you use 1/4 of the salt & sugar or the entire recipe.  Soaking for at least a 1/2 hour and then put it on the grill! i omitted the sugar, i used sweet corn, and it came out fine.  i don't know if the taste was any better or worse than i normally make though.  the saltwater bath certainly kept the corn moist and juicy so that was a definite plus. Amazing recipe- It was yummy I liked the way all the flavors combined!
