Watermelon Martini
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/214802/watermelon-martini/
Combine salt and sugar in a small bowl and pour onto a small, shallow plate. Moisten the rims of 2 glasses with a piece of watermelon and dip the moistened glass rims into the salt and sugar mixture; set aside. Pour watermelon juice, vodka, watermelon schnapps, simple syrup, and lime juice into a cocktail shaker over ice. Cover and shake until the outside of the shaker has frosted. Strain into the prepared glasses.
One of the most delicious drinks you will ever try. I used the "luscious" watermelon Schnapps, not the Pucker. This was incredible. Watch out, because they go down WAY too easily and are stronger than you think. You may actually want to weaken them a bit, because of this. Definitely rim the glasses with the salt/sugar mixture. It adds depth and dimension to this drink. I do NOT, as a rule, enjoy fruity drinks, but because this is made with real watermelon juice, it's not sickly sweet. In addition, you can add lime juice, watermelon juice and a little soda over ice in a rimmed glass for people who don't want the alcohol. I served it both ways and it was well worth the trouble of juicing a watermelon. Leave out the schnapps as it renders a foul medicine flavor I took watermelon and puréed it in my ninja with two tablespoons simple syrup. Then mixed 2 cups of juice, squeeze of lime juice, 3/4 c watermelon vodka, 3/4 cup of watermelonSchnapps. Shake well over ice and pour! Perfect! I have made these 1-2 drinks at a time and they were great !!! but   I was wondering if you could make a head ?  I need to make 4-6 and thought it would be easier to put everything together and store in the fridge until ready to serve. This recipe is awesome.  It was most definitely worth juicing the watermelon.  I used both salt and sugar on the rim of the glass; such a great combination.  Also, to balance the entire drink I used Rose’s sweetened Lime Juice.  I could not find Watermelon Schnapps, so I used Peach and of course Grey Goose Vodka.  I will most definitely do these again.  Oh and we made them on National Watermelon Day August 3, 2023. Tastes like a watermelon Jolly Rancher I made this exactly as directed! Hit the spot on a hot sunny day! Will make again! in fact, made a jug last year... renowned successanother request for same this year.everyone loved it!!!! Changed a few things. Blended watermelon in blender and strained. Used melon schnapps since I couldn't find "luscious" watermelon schnapps. Left out the simple syrup to reduce sweetness. Added tonic water instead, and a little extra (watermelon flavored) vodka. Awesome! :) Excellent! But I doubled the vodka! ??!
