Watermelon Salad with Feta
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/215044/watermelon-feta-salad/
Whisk olive oil, vinegar, and salt together in a large mixing bowl. Add tomatoes, arugula, and red onion; toss to coat. Gently stir in watermelon and feta cheese to serve.
I have had this salad without the arugula or cheese, and it was so delicious! I can't wait to see how it tastes according to this recipe! Wasn't sure what to expect with watermelon and feta, but boy! It knocked everyone's socks off! Refreshing and so tasty!! And easy to make as well. This is the BEST watermelon salad I’ve made, and I’ve made many. Love the addition of white balsamic! I made this twice exactly the way the recipe suggests - it was delicious! One small difference the 2nd time around was using a finer salt  which balanced out all the flavors a little more.  My wife and I both liked the 2nd version better. Delicious, easy and refreshing I've made this twice so far, using a good quality regular balsamic vinegar (that's all I had) and chopped romaine lettuce.  Delicious.    Note that if not using arugla, which doesn't wilt as quickly as a lettuce, make sure you add the lettuce just before serving or you'll end up with a mushy salad like I did the first time I made it.  Tasted great, just didn't look very appealing.  Excellent recipe! Very good refreshing and filling salad.  Like other reviewers I used a bag of spring mix greens instead of arugula and crumbled feta.  Also, I couldn't find "white" balsamic vinegar so I used "DeLallo Golden Balsamic Style Vinegar".  I thought the dressing was a little bland so the next time I will add more vinegar and maybe add some diced cukes or zucchini and kalamata olives.. Delicious salad! Followed the recipe but used champagne vinegar instead of white balsamic vinegar.  It was a big hit for my Sunday night family dinner! This will be a staple for now on! I had a small amount of a yellow pepper that I needed to use up and spinach instead of arugula. Taking it to a potluck so we will see how it goes over. Smells really good though
