Chicken Saag
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/215021/chicken-saag/
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat; add chicken pieces and cook until browned, about 8 minutes per side. Set chicken aside. Place spinach into a large pot with 1/4 cup of water; bring to a boil, cover, and remove from heat. Allow spinach to steam for about 10 minutes; transfer into a blender and pulse until very finely chopped. Set spinach aside. Place onions, garlic, and ginger into the skillet; fry over medium heat, stirring frequently, until lightly browned, about 10 minutes. Pour in tomatoes, ground coriander, salt, cayenne pepper, turmeric, cardamom, and cloves; stir in 1 tablespoon water, and cook, stirring frequently, for 10 minutes. Pour in milk and stir to combine. Add browned chicken pieces; bring to a simmer, reduce heat, cover, and simmer until chicken is tender, about 20 minutes. Stir in spinach and garam masala; cook until spinach starts to stick to the skillet, about 15 minutes. Stir in sour cream and bring to a simmer. Remove from heat and stir in butter.
Awesome flavors! I modified it a bit in the interest of time by using a store-bought rotisserie chicken and my electric pressure cooker. I only used one bag of pre-washed spinach and used 5 tsp of a garlic ginger paste that I keep in the fridge. I chopped the chicken and ended up with about 2 cups, which I added to the sauce and cooked on low pressure for 5 min. The chicken fell apart and blended well. After adding the spinach, I cooked it on low pressure for 8 min. Lastly, I only used 1/8 tsp of cayenne since I was feeding toddlers. Really, really good over basmati rice. Thank you! I will definitely keep tweaking until it’s perfect. Definitely need to at least double your Indian spices I've now made this twice. Per the recommendation of previous commenters, I doubled most of the spices. For ease of prep, I think deboned chicken leg or chicken breast are preferable. I added to he yield by using a 28ounce can of crushed tomatoes.  I followed the advice of another user and used rounded spoons of spice, while using a full rounded tablespoon of Garamond masala.  It turned out exactly like my favorite Indian restaurant back home.  I love this recipe! Very good recipe, but pretty light on the spices. I added slightly more than was listed and it still needs more. i'd double those numbers next time. Delicious! Made as written. No modifications. Really tasty.  Served it over basmati rice and Whole Foods naan.  I am going to add a little more heat (probably chili pepper) next time I make this. Excellent recipe.  Used paneer instead of chicken- deliciuos! I used heavy whipping cream instead of milk for a little more decadence. Fantastic recipe. This was so good! I made the recipe as written except I rounded my teaspoons as other suggested. Next time I will use chicken breast chunks as personal preference. It would also be delicious with chickpeas as another did for a vegetarian option. The sauce is so good.
