Empanadas (Beef Turnovers)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/215231/empanadas-beef-turnovers/
Gather the ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add ground beef; cook and stir until browned and crumbly, about 10 minutes. Add onions and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in tomato sauce, olives, sofrito, sazón, garlic, oregano, and pepper. Reduce the heat to medium-low and simmer until mixture thickens, about 15 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Roll empanada disks on a lightly floured surface until 1/2 inch larger in diameter. Spoon about 1 tablespoon meat mixture into the middle of each disk. Moisten the disk edges with water, fold in half over filling to form a half-moon, and pinch to seal (or seal with a fork). otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat 2 1/2 inches corn oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Working in batches, fry empanadas until crisp and golden brown, flipping once, 4 to 6 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Transfer to paper towels to drain. Enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
In case someone is overwhelmed with the Goya products list in this recipe, it is perfectly fine to use ANY olive oil, ANY tomato sauce, ANY spanish olives, fresh garlic, dried oregano, etc. The only Goya products you would probably need are the Sazon, the sofrito (unless you make your own, there's a good recipe for it here) and the discos (which is the premade dough that comes ready, frozen in round shape and in packs of 10). Yes, you can make your own dough but I like Goya discos, they are good, convenient and cheap. I added some adobo Goya (not the chipotle sauce but the powdered adobo which is a blend of spices like garlic powder, salt, cumin, etc) because I found the picadillo a tad bland. To make these appetizer size I cut each round of dough in two semicircles, filled, folded and sealed edges with a fork. You can freeze these before frying, then fry when needed without having to thaw it. My son loves them filled with pizza sauce, mozarella cheese and pepperoni. We call them "empanadillas de pizza", or "pastelillos de pizza". You can fill them with just cheddar cheese, or with guava paste, cooked shredded chicken... well, whatever you are into. Just make sure you don't burn yourself, the filling is very hot and if you don't seal them right they might leak on you and OUCH! LOVE THEM, YOU CAN ALSO MIX THE GRND BEEF WITH SAUSAGE. I couldn't find the Goya discs anywhere so I made my own dough, but my family absolutely loved these empanadas!   I would highly recommend them to anyone! This is a great recipe! Found discos at Walmart, frozen. (Also found them in save a lot, price rite, price chopper) I made these with some frozen pigeon peas instead of olives. We aren’t big olive fans. I doubled the recipe and the left over meat mixture I added to yellow Spanish rice. (Aroz con gandules) I froze most of the empanadas before frying to eat with another meal or midnight snack. LOVE THIS RECIPE! ITS AMAZING! We didn't use all goya ingredients for like garlic, sauce etc we used other brands ... but it was amazing. Very delicious. Better than some we bought from an Argentinian bakery. But I don’t live somwhere where Goya discs are easily found so I used 1 can of Grands biscuit dough which yields 8 biscuits or 8 large empanadas. I used a plastic empanada press so I wouldn’t have to manually pinch the edges. Don’t forget to drain the meat of grease after you brown it. The recipe left that out. The filling can be made 1-day ahead. I fried 2-3 empanadas at a time in a 4-qt pot. I have a family of 4. Two empanadas per person and a side of Spanish rice was a satisfying meal. I added a couple of my own things. A little cilantro, chili, and whole diced Anaheim pepper with seeds. Yummy. I admit I do like a little spice to my food.
