Home-style Tacos al Pastor (Chile and Pineapple Pork Tacos)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/215235/home-style-tacos-al-pastor-chile-and-pineapple-pork-tacos/
Bring 2 cups water in a medium saucepan to a boil over medium-high heat. Add guajillo and pasilla chiles. Reduce heat to medium-low; simmer until chiles soften, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a plate; remove and discard stems and seeds. Meanwhile, strain pineapple; reserve juice and pineapple chunks separately. Coarsely chop 1/2 onion; slice remaining 1/2 onion and set aside. Combine guajillo chiles, pasilla chiles, pineapple juice, chopped 1/2 onion, vinegar, garlic, chipotle, and cumin in the bowl of a food processor; purée until smooth, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a saucepan over medium-high heat; bring to a boil. Cook until chile paste loses raw onion taste, about 2 minutes. Season with Adobo; cool. Combine pork cubes, cooled chile paste, and pineapple chunks in a large glass or ceramic bowl with a lid or a large resealable plastic bag; toss to coat (cover bowl or squeeze out excess air, and seal the bag). Marinate in the refrigerator at least 2 hours, or up to 24 hours. Heat oil in large skillet over medium-high heat. Strain pork and pineapple; discard marinade. Cook pork and pineapple in batches in skillet until dark golden brown on all sides and cooked through, about 15 minutes; transfer to a large serving plate. Serve pork and pineapple in warm tortillas with sliced onion, cilantro, and lime wedges.
Amazing - a bit spicy and sweet but with subtle complexity to the flavor. I would give this 4.5 stars if I could but I'm rounding up since I can't.For the sauce I used 5 fresh Anaheim and 2 dried California chillies instead of gujillo (both are fairly mild in heat), 5 large cloves of garlic, 1 tsp. of garlic powder, a 7 oz. can of chipotle chili in adobo, 1 tbsp. canola oil, about 1/4 cup of extra adobo sauce and I put salt and pepper on the roast before coating it with sauce. I vacuum-pack marinated the meat for 7 hours and instead of stir frying I sous vide cooked the pork roast for 20 hours at 143 degrees in the marinade. The tacos turned out incredible but the meat with a bit of sauce and pineapple was delicious to snack a la cart. The meat had a slight kick from the chipotle so it you like a lot of heat add more of those or maybe add a serrano or two with veins. This dish is going in my main rotation. This was delicious! Definitely worth the time it took to prepare. When I make it again, I’ll probably reduce the amount of pineapple. Otherwise, very tasty! Added just a touch of honey to the sauce to take a little of the heat off - just a tablespoon or to your taste. It was big hit with the entire family. We just love this recipe!  After making a few times, these are my modifications to suit my family's taste (The recipe is still 5 star without them)  I add about 1/2 can of chipotle chiles in adobo sauce and double the pineapple juice and chunks ( ie 2 20oz cans).   I marinade the pork overnight and then cook it in crockpot the next day.  Fresh tortillas, pickled onions, avocado, lime, radish, cilantro = Heaven!    Even better, I throw about half of it gallon ziplock and freeze for another meal, too. Absolutely scrumptious Made this for my family and friends for Sunday dinner and everyone raved about how great it was I already had pork tenderloin in the crockpot with some spice, a dash of liquid smoke, pineapple and black beans when I found this recipe. Added 2 tbsp chipotle chilli and adobo after reading recipe and a tbsp of brown sugar. Used mostly for ideas on serving the tortillas themselves. Served with small warmed tortillas with pineapple chunks, sweet white onion, the pork shredded and chopped with the reserved pineapple juice added to make it juicy, fresh cilantro and lime. The side was broccoli slaw with honey mustard dressing and celery seed. Loved it so much had again the next night with home made corn tortillas. That's was even better. I can't believe that I made these at home. They are restaurant quality for sure! I served mine with the lime, cilantro, and onions that the recipe called for, plus some thinly sliced radishes, pico de gallo, and avocado. An absolute hit and worth the time and effort. The only thing I changed was to add a pinch of salt to taste after the pork had cooked because it needed a little boost. Definitely make these tacos! They're amazing. It turned out like the thing I have dreamt of. I never like the Americanized taco that covered with cheese. We went to the Hispanic festival and decided to try the real taco. I went back to the long line to get more and determined to hunt for the similar recipe. This is the closest one. Thank you so much Goya. I guess there is no Goya branded salt so it's not on the list. Just add salto to your liking. After the first attempt was a success, I usually double or triple the recipe and freeze the rest. I use the fresh pineapple and add salt. I even make my own tortillas now !!! This is very good and easy. My family has been buy Al Pastor at a local Hispanic grocery store that was very good but they changed the recipe they were using. So I decided to make it myself. It was easier then I thought it might be and the flavor was really good. For sure I'll make it again.
