Slow Cooker Baked Potatoes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/215314/slow-cooker-baked-potatoes/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Prick potatoes with a fork several times, then rub with olive oil and season with salt. otdash Meredith Food Studio Wrap tightly in foil and place into the slow cooker. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook until tender, on Low for 7 1/2 hours or on High for 4 1/2 to 5 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve with your choice of toppings and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
Baking potatoes in the slow cooker sounds great! However, one reviewer said she had a roast in the oven all day, at a low temp. It is just as easy to add foil wrapped potatoes to the 5-hour oven baking project. They cook just fine at the lower temp and long baking period. I'm 74 years old, do it all the time, as did my Mother years ago. Works great...saves time, space, etc. You can oil the potatoes before putting in the foil if you wish. Doesn't get any easier for a bake potato. Thumbs up! Won’t heat my kitchen. Tried this in a test run knowing I would have company for dinner the next week and not be home in time to bake anything. (Will never eat/serve a microwaved potato!) “Baked” on low while I was gone, then air fried for a few minutes to crisp the skin…success! Easy peasy, hardly any mess to clean up, and enjoyed by all 😋 A keeper! I love that is hands-off cooking. Just place in slow-cooker and come back later to perfectly cooked potatoes.  My potatoes were huge, and even so, they were done in about 4 hours on high. I'll definitely be using this method again! I used the slow cooker function on my instapot aura pro multicooker. They took longer and the texture was off .I think it was the multicooker. So delicious. I  like my skin crispy so I never cover in foil and they are crispy like in the oven. Followed directions, 5 hours on high. Best Ive ever made them and my 10 year was impressed! Perfect for when you don’t want to have the oven on in 90+ degree weather! So yummy
