Kickin' Spicy Turkey Beer Chili
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/215307/kickin-spicy-turkey-beer-chili/
In a large pot over medium heat, heat the olive oil, and cook the turkey until no longer pink; sprinkle the turkey meat with paprika, salt, and black pepper. Stir in the jalapeno peppers, onion, garlic, celery, green pepper, and chipotle peppers, then cook, stirring often, until the turkey meat is broken into crumbles and the onion is translucent, about 15 minutes. Stir in the diced tomatoes, tomato sauce, chili beans, dark beer, Worcestershire sauce, chili seasoning, and liquid smoke flavoring. Reduce heat and simmer for at least 2 hours, stirring occasionally.
Great recipe. I like my chili somewhat spicy and hearty and using less peppers did the job for me. I followed the previous reviewer's suggestions and it came out great! Thanks for the easy and tasty recipe! This  is the first time I thought the chili I made was absolutely delicious. Thank you!!I did make a few changes. I used  5 cloves of garlic instead of 3, I used water instead of beer, I added a swish of molasses ( maybe 1/4 cup), and I did not use liquid smoke or chipotle. I used 1.25 oz. Of plain old chili powder instead of the packaged chili seasoning in the recipe. After seeing the finished product, I added one more can of beans. I used a combination of kidney and pinto beans instead of chili beans. It sounds like I changed everything, but it was really similar to the original. We REALLY enjoyed it!! Excellent. I think less onion would be better (maybe 25% to 33% less).  It is very spicy and flavorful overall. It could also usemore meat (or veggies), since it was a bit soupy with these quantities. We used cauliflower instead of beans  since not all of this family eats beans...that turned out to be an easy substitution and added some nice texture. Super! I'm sure this recipe can be enjoyed exactly as presented, but I made a few changes.  - Replaced taco season with New Mexico red chile powder.  (4) TBsp - eliminated liquid smoke - cut the chipotle in 1/2 Awesome! I made this chili tonight, and my husband and I really liked it! He loves spicy food and has complained that other chili recipes don't have enough flavor, but he loved this. I just made 2 slight modifications to the recipe - I removed the seeds from the jalapeños, because I don't like as much heat as he does, and I used medium chili beans instead of hot because that's what I happened to have on hand. I precooked the turkey with the paprika and the onions and garlic on the stove, then dumped everything into the Crock-Pot on high for 4 hours. Since I was doing the slow cooker and we like our chili thick, I drained the juice from the diced tomatoes. It was still a little thin for our taste, so next time I'll probably halve either the beans or the tomato sauce. Overall though, great recipe! Turned out delicious!  I used scallions instead of white onions and added mushrooms. A well balanced chili with the perfect amount of heat. Perfect during football season. Really excellent flavor - won "people's choice" award at my office chili cookoff.  Tweaks I made included: using Young's Chocolate Stout for the beer, adding 3 chicken japaleno and cheddar sausages (removed from casing; crumbled), 3 jalapenos instead of 4, 1 can of beans instead of 2 (which I think would have been way too soupy), and a cinnamon stick for the first few hours in the slow cooker. I made this according to the recipe. My husband loved it, but I think this recipe has made me decide that I do not like chipotle peppers in my chili. I love them in other recipes, just a personal preference to be aware of before diving in! Good chili-I used the crockpot method and it turned it well.
