Slow Cooker Vegan Chili
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/215311/hearty-vegan-slow-cooker-chili/
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onions, bell peppers, and garlic; cook and stir until onions start to brown, 8 to 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Transfer mixture into a slow cooker. Stir in tomatoes, black beans, garbanzo beans, kidney beans, tomato paste, spinach, corn, zucchini, yellow squash, chili powder, cumin, oregano, parsley, salt, and pepper until thoroughly mixed. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour the tomato sauce and vegetable broth over the ingredients. Cook on Low for 4 to 5 hours. Check seasoning. If chili is too thick, add more tomato sauce and vegetable broth to desired thickness. Cook on Low for an additional 1 to 2 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio
This was delicious and easy! Also easy to modify. I used only green peppers (others too pricey right now). I added a small can of chopped green chiles for a little zip, and used Great Northern beans instead of garbanzo (my kids don't like garbanzo beans). I also use V8 juice instead of tomato sauce, and found that just one can of tomato paste makes it plenty thick. This will be a regular at our house! Thanks! This vegan chili was A M A Z I N G !  I made a few changes to it, completely eliminated step 1 and just threw everything in the crockpot all at once!  This is The ONLY chili I'LL be making from now on!!!  . Delicious! Very hearty and so flavorful. You won’t miss the meat at all! I served this with vegan gluten free corn bread for my daughter. 5! Lasts a long time. I made it for a chili contest and won! Big hit even with people who eat meat. Just a little prep in chopping peppers and onions and then everything into the crockpot.  Couldn't be much easier.  The only change I made was using pintos instead of black beans (I don't like black beans).  I'm a carnivore but have periods of fasting for religious reasons (no meat or animal products).  This recipe is packed with traditional chili flavor and has a great hearty consistency.  Even for a carnivore, this is a tasty and satisfying chili.  There MAY BE a slight difference in texture without a meat, but it's hard to even notice.  If someone didn't know and had their eyes closed, I doubt they'd guess this was vegan.  I'm not about to give up meat, but for periods when I can't eat it, this is an outstanding option. Looking forward to eating these when it’s done. Taste test is very promising 😀! It was my first time making this recipe and the family loved it. It had so much flavor. My husband wanted to make sure we had so leftover for tomorrow lol. Always a huge hit in the family! I followed the recipe aside from the seasonings (I did my own thing) and it’s great. Pic taken with about 1-2 hours to go. I recommend for an easy chili. This is such a great recipe. Family favorite no matter the season. Been making it for years. I've even made it at the Fire Station. Guys loved it.
