Simple Deep Fried Turkey
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/215412/simple-deep-fried-turkey/
Heat oil in a large stockpot or turkey fryer to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Make sure the fryer is located outdoors in a safe area, preferably on dirt or pavement, and far away from buildings, wooden decks, or other objects. Keep a fire extinguisher handy, just in case. Ensure that the turkey is completely thawed. Cut any extra skin away from the neck area and make sure neck hole is at least 1 inch in diameter. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pat the bird completely dry with paper towels, then rub liberally with salt and pepper on both the outside and the inside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place turkey into a drain basket, neck-side first. Working slowly and carefully, gently lower the basket into the hot oil to completely cover the turkey. otdash Meredith Food Studio Maintain the temperature of the oil at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and cook turkey for 3 1/2 minutes per pound, about 35 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Carefully remove basket from oil, and drain turkey. Insert a meat thermometer into the thickest part of the thigh; the internal temperature must be 180 degrees F (80 degrees C). Allow to rest for 15 minutes before slicing. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I've done this , essentially , several times , and it's always been very good ..(HINT: when you buy your bird, be sure to buy an extra package of turkey thighs/legs!... to make the gravey !!! .. You'll not have any 'pan drippings' with this deep-fry technique, so you'll need to 'pan fry in stove's oven' those thawed legs/thighs to prepare your grandmom's favorite gravey recipe !Now : Back to the bird :I want to strongly STRESS that there must be NO ICE , NO FROZEN area/region in the bird whatSO EVER ... Forgetting that can actually result in an EXPLOSION when bird is lowered inth the very hot oil ! EVEN IF THE FLAME IS OUT! So, do follow the advice here, made more emphatic by this lil note of mine!! "There's nothing like knowing the consequences of a dangerous act quite like KNOWing what the consequences might be! 1) NO ice/frozen part of bird , 2) DO IT OUTDOORS , and especially 3) NEVER ON YOUR PORCH OR DECK!. 4) MAKE SURE the level of oil needed is known, and that there's aat LEAST 5 inches between the top of the oil level and the top of the pot ! .. the oil WILL RISE as bird is lowered into it ... 5) SHUT OFF THE FLAME of a flame-fed system whenever inserting the bird OR removing it! ... lest oil dripping over the edge of the pot IGNITE ... ( Did we say 'Fire Extinguisher rated for Oil fires ??? oh yeah, we did!! )This is serious business, so pay attention!Alternative: use one of the newer ' Electric Turkey Deep Fryers' !! 'ButterBall make It's juicier if you don't thaw it first I've done this , essentially , several times , and it's always been very good ..(HINT: when you buy your bird,  be sure to buy an extra package of  turkey thighs/legs!... to make the gravey !!!  .. You'll not have any 'pan drippings' with this deep-fry technique, so you'll need to 'pan fry in stove's oven'   those thawed legs/thighs to prepare your grandmom's favorite gravey recipe !Now : Back to the bird :I want to strongly STRESS that there must be NO ICE , NO FROZEN area/region in the bird whatSO EVER ...  Forgetting that can actually result in an EXPLOSION when bird is lowered inth the very hot oil ! EVEN IF THE FLAME IS OUT!   So, do follow the advice here, made more emphatic by this lil note of mine!!  "There's nothing like knowing the consequences of a dangerous act  quite like KNOWing what the consequences might be!   1) NO ice/frozen part of bird , 2) DO IT OUTDOORS , and especially 3) NEVER ON YOUR PORCH OR DECK!.    4)  MAKE SURE the level of oil needed is known, and that there's aat LEAST  5 inches between the top of the oil level and the top of the pot !  .. the oil WILL RISE as bird is lowered into it ... 5) SHUT OFF THE FLAME of a flame-fed system whenever inserting the bird OR removing it! ...  lest oil dripping over the edge of the pot IGNITE ...   ( Did we say 'Fire Extinguisher rated for Oil fires ???  oh yeah, we did!! )This is serious business, so pay attention!Alternative:  use one of the newer ' Electric Turkey Deep Fryers' !!   'ButterBall make It was my first time deep frying a turkey. it turned out great! Next time i will inject it with fresh garlic butter... easy peasy. I love deep frying turkey, to me, its better then oven roasted.  I fry 4-5 turkeys a year, friends and family love it. Cooked it for a bachelor party, turned out great. Can't beat the crispiness, I have my son lower it in the pot though I'm not strong enough :)
