Dad's Leftover Turkey Pot Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/215447/dads-leftover-turkey-pot-pie/
Gather the ingredients. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Place frozen peas, carrots, and beans in a saucepan with celery; add enough water to cover and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until celery is tender, about 8 minutes. Drain. otdash Meredith Food Studio While vegetables are simmering, melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and cook until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add flour, salt, pepper, celery seed, onion powder, and Italian seasoning and whisk until a paste forms, about 1 minute. Slowly whisk in chicken broth and then milk until incorporated; bring to a simmer and cook, whisking constantly, until sauce thickens, 3 to 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove thickened sauce from the heat; add cooked, drained vegetables and cubed turkey and stir until filling is well combined. otdash Meredith Food Studio Set out two 9-inch pie dishes. Fit one pie pastry into the bottom of each dish. Spoon 1/2 of the pot pie filling into each dish, then lay remaining pie pastries over top. Pinch and roll the top and bottom pastries together at the edges to seal. Use a sharp knife to cut several small slits in each top pastry to allow steam to release while cooking. Place pies on baking sheets. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Check the top crusts for browning; if they are browning too quickly, cover with aluminum foil. Continue to bake until the crusts are golden brown and the filling is bubbly, 15 to 20 more minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove from the oven and cool for 10 minutes before serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash-Meredith Food Studio
Awesome Recipe! So quick and easy but since I had time I changed a few things up. I chopped fresh carrots but used frozen peas. Instead of chopped onion I used pearl onions and instead of green beans I used corn. I melted the butter and sauteed the celery, carrot, garlic and onion along with bay, thyme, sage, parsley, a tsp of tumeric for color, and the rest of the ingredients but I omitted the italian seasoning and onion powder. When I dumped in the flour I let it brown a bit before adding the milk and chicken stock. I added the thawed veggies, I just ran them under cold water and strained them. I used some pulled turkey I had frozen from thanks giving and it came out awesome!!! Thanks! I added more onion, a green and red pepper, chopped fine and sautéed with the onion, and leftover gravy to the white sauce!  Delicious! Made this for dinner tonight and it was a hit.   Easy to make,  remember to wait the ten minutes or it will be runny! Love this recipe.  Got it from a friend with helpful notes in the margins.  Have made it several times using leftover stuffing in place of both crusts.  Pressed the stuffing into the pie plate.  Then pressed the top on a piece of parchment and flipped it onto the top.  Need to fill a lit less when using the stuffing for the crusts. This is one of my family's favorites. It's also great with leftover chicken, or rotisserie chicken, or even low sodium canned chicken. I have been making this recipe for about 6 years and everyone lovesit! Lately I have been using leftover cooked chicken and gluten free flour and a phyllo crust for the top and it is wonderful. My husband really liked this recipe. It was very good. Mine seemed a little dry so I added a can if cream of chicken soup and a quarter cup of chicken broth. It came out great. I also baked it topless crust. Very good
