Vegetarian Pumpkin Spinach Chili
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/215669/vegetarian-pumpkin-spinach-chili/
Combine the tomatoes, pumpkin, vegetable juice, okra, broccoli, carrot, zucchini, onion, pumpkin pie spice, sugar, vinegar, chili powder, salt, and pepper in a slow cooker; cook on High until the vegetables are tender, 3 to 4 hours. Stir the vegetarian ground beef crumbles, fava beans, and spinach into the tomato mixture; continue cooking until completely warmed, 20 to 30 minutes more.
I had a lot of pumpkin puree, so I looked for some recipes. I love how you can place everything in the crock pot and then forget about it. It has a very different taste, and plenty of spice. We couldn't find fava beans, so I used garbanzo beans, and they tasted really good! I couldn't even taste the veggie meat, but it's healthy and was definitely in there! This tastes good on a cool fall or winter night. Make this often! I add extra spices to meet our taste buds I used real ground beef instead of veggie ground round, and doubled the chilli powder as per some recommendations, but other than that, I went with the recipe exactly, and I loved it. I found it had a lot of flavour, and the rest of the family did as well. Needs much more chili powder - very bland as written.  But the concept is good and I'll make it again. I love this recipe, my family looks forward to it every Fall.  Though I make it without including okra, zucchini and carrots. This tasted weird, probably because it had way too much pumpkin pie spice. If I make it again, I'll only do 1 tbsp at most. Otherwise it was fine, but that ruined it for my husband and me. This is good stuff.  A unique flavor combination and nutritional powerhouse of a recipe. I had my doubts, I admit, but it came together beautifully. I omitted okra because ew, and I used about 5 cups of vegetable broth instead of the veggie juice. The consistency is perfect. Thanks for a great recipe! I really did not like the mix of flavors with this recipe.  My husband said that it tasted better the next day, but I really had a difficult time eating it (I gave it two, instead of one star because my husband found it edible).  It looked like it had potential, but I really don't know what I would do to even doctor it up! I wish there was a rating of negative stars.  This soup was the most horrible stuff I have ever tried to eat.  I was excited because it looked tasty and different.  Well, it's certainly different... I literally couldn't eat it, and I will usually eat stuff that turns out badly because I'm too cheap to waste food if it's edible.  This did not qualify as edible, in my opinion. I was a bit disappointed with this. I think it has potential though.  I adapted things a bit: I used fresh tomatoes (skins removed) instead of canned, fresh pumpkin instead of canned. I used butter beans because i couldn't find fava beans.  I thought the pumpkin pie spice was too strong.  I was going to omit the meatless crumbles but decided to add them in hopes of taming the pie spice and salvage it.  Unfortunately I anticipated loving this and double it to freeze. It is very healthy so i gave it 4 stars.
