Skillet Ham, Cabbage, and Potatoes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/21560/skillet-ham-cabbage-and-potatoes/
Heat butter in a skillet over medium heat; stir in onion. Cook and stir until the onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in cabbage. Add water, cover, and simmer gently on low heat for ten minutes. Add potatoes and stir well; cover and simmer for 10 more minutes, adding additional water if needed. Sprinkle seasoning salt and paprika over cabbage and potatoes; simmer, covered, until cabbage is soft and potatoes are fork-tender. Mix in ham; simmer until heated through.
This was very, very good. The only thing I did a little different was put the ham in with the onions and the butter....my thinking was that the ham would season the cabbage and potatoes. It was DELICIOUS! When I told my kids what I was cooking they said they wanted peanut butter sandwiches, but I made them taste it. They each ate a huge portion and said, "Mom this is so good! I didn't know I liked cabbage!" Thank you for an excellent, easy recipe!!! I changed out the ham for a hot sausage and added neck bones for flavor, but I wanted to add a turkey neck but couldn’t find any :( Anyway it came out great!! I did not add onions this time but if I make the soup, next time I will with carrots and potatoes too! Great Fall/ winter dish. Simple and quick to make. I used house made seasoned salt. Good tasting and  satisfying  meal. Four of us really enjoyed this dish.I made it according to the recipe except for adding the ham with the onions and skipping all the seasoning. I put salt and pepper on the table but no one used them. They said it was perfect as is. This is a great way to use up the Easter ham! Fried ham and cabbage are always good. Added bacon to ours as well. Delicious I followed this pretty closely. I thought my cabbage was small, but this made six servings for me. I used chicken bouillon instead of water and added garlic, caraway seeds, celery seed, pepper. The bouillon has plenty of salt, so I didn’t see any reason to add more. While this was good, I think it was better the second day. It is fairly inexpensive and I love all the ingredients, so I will be making this in the future. I cooked the ham with the onions like the suggestions said and it was really good! I will make again. I followed the advice of others and added the ham with the onions.  I also added a few shakes of caraway seeds, thinly sliced carrots, and threw in another cup of cubed ham.  It looks like it serves more than 4 people and the nutrition is good.  A keeper!  Next time I may try using kielbasa!  (Oh yeah....delicious too!!) This is a great dish but I fried it instead of simmering. Did everything in my electric skillet with about a half stick of butter. Yummy!!! This is good, but with one small change becomes awesome.  I added one tablespoon of grated Parmesan and it really lifts it.  This will be a regular on our menu.
