Grilled Jalapeño Poppers
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/215701/grilled-jalapeno-poppers/
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium heat and lightly oil the grate. Mix together cream cheese, Cheddar, Parmesan, and garlic powder in a bowl until the mixture is thoroughly blended. Lay jalapeño pepper on a work surface and cut a lengthwise sliver from the side of the pepper, exposing seeds and white membrane. With the handle of a teaspoon, scrape out seeds and membrane, leaving the hollow pepper. Repeat for the rest of the peppers. Chop up pepper slivers and mix into cheese stuffing. Stuff each pepper with cheese mixture and wrap each stuffed pepper in a half bacon slice. Secure with toothpicks. Grill stuffed jalapeños on a less-hot part of the grill until peppers are hot and juicy and bacon is browned, 30 to 40 minutes.
These are great. But SUPER HOT! I also cheated and cooked them in the oven. Turned out great. I also added garlic and onion powder to the cheese mixture. Great recipe. Will make again They were very good.  I had some garlic and herb cheese spread so I used that and 1/2 the cream cheese.  I cooked them in the air fryer and they were great!! Excellent every time WOW! What a great recipe!! So tasty! The only thing I did different was put them under the broiler to finish cooking them. I do wish there were ending directions for the grill temp and browning the top. Otherwise perfect appetizer! Wow!! These are delicious!! Best jalapeno popper recipe I've come across. I think I've been using this recipe about 3 - 4 yrs now. First time making them I followed the exact recipe (Which is delicious on its own) but I add onion powder to the recipe now. Also,I am a very avid hunter and when dove season roles around on Sept. 1st here in MO, you can bet your bottom dollar I put a single dove breast on top of the cheese filling before wrapping in bacon then they go straight on the grate if my Weber grill. Oh so so good :) These are tasty little morsels.    The only changes I made was to bake them in the oven,  and  I slightly precooked the bacon but I wish I had cooked the bacon  just a little bit more. Loved!!  Even fam members who have a spicy issue ate them up.  Hint:  I turned off the center burner and put the poppers on foil over the off burner. Much easier clean up. About 25 min. These were awesome !!!  Did them on my grilla grill smoker . First we ever made poppers.  Jalapenos are like box of chocolate you never know what your going to get. I ate four that wasnt hot at all and last one felt more like fire lol. I will absolutly make them again.
