Apple Cider Stew
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/216032/apple-cider-stew/
Combine the beef stew meat with the flour, 1/2 teaspoon salt, the black pepper, and 1/8 teaspoon thyme in a bowl; toss to coat evenly. Heat 2 teaspoons oil in a pot; cook the stew meat in the hot oil until completely browned, 5 to 7 minutes. Pour the apple cider over the beef, reduce heat to medium low, and simmer the mixture until the beef is tender, about 1 hour. Add the carrots, potatoes, apples, onion, water, celery, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon thyme to the pot; continue cooking at a simmer until the vegetables are tender, about 30 minutes more.
This was the best stew that I've ever eaten. I did make a few changes but nothing major. First of all, I tossed the beef with flour and spices and then put in the slow cooker. I did not wait until beef was cooked before adding the juice mix to the beef. I added Worcestershire sauce, savory, more thyme, dried basil and 2 beef bouillon cubes to the cider before putting the juice in my crock pot. I let the broth and beef cook for 1 hour before adding my veggies. I used baby potatoes, sweet potato, brussel sprouts in addition to the ingredients in the recipe. I let this cook on high for another 3 hours and it came out AMAZING. I will be making this often. Thank you for the recipe. It’s a very nice recipe, though I made some tweaks. I had read that the flavour was too weak, so I added a beef stock cube, left out the water and put in a whole teaspoon of pepper. The result was flavourful and had a bit of a kick which I personally like. I'm not usually a big stew fan, but this was great. I used part of a pork butt -that's what I had-instead of beef. I kept the other ingredients pretty much the same and followed the instructions(mostly).  Cut the pork into cubes about the size of stew meat and browned them. I think next time I'll put the potatoes in earier, they were still a bit hard. But no matter, the flavor was great and the meat juicy. Fantastic! Easy! Refreshing change from the same ol' same ol' and my family loved it. Good but I could have used a stronger taste. Outstanding!!  The only thing I did differently was to use 1/2 cup of white wine to deglaze the pan because who doesn’t want to scrape up all those delicious bits with a little wine? So, instead of adding the full cup of water as instructed I only added 1/2 cup of water.  This was by far the most flavorful stew I have ever made. I did not find this to be overly sweet with all of the cider nor did I find it to be bland in anyway. Definitely a keeper. I made this during a Nor'easter, so I used my oven to cook it low & slow, at about 270F for 8 hours in a dutch oven. I used 5 McIntosh apples (they're my favorite apples), added extra carrots & celery, & added about 1 teaspoon of dried Tarragon. I skipped the step of browning the meat. I checked & stirred the stew about every hour, & added more cider when too much liquid had evaporated. The result: tender beef infused w/ wonderful apple flavor & delicious vegetables in tangy yet savory broth. Slow cooking thickened the stew without having to add flour. I made this with 1 lb of cubed pork and 1 lb of hot Italian sausage. Also thickened it with a jar of pork gravy. The combination of sweet cider and the savory sausage made for an exceptional dish. Wow, it’s so amazing! I doubled the recipe besides the meat so that there would be plenty! I added the same amount of thyme though(just forgot to add it the second time) and a sweet potato instead of extra carrots (ran out). I wish I would have had more apples... they, the broth and the meat were the best!! Sooo good! The soup is genius, and the beef goes surprisingly well with the broth. Don’t be afraid of the sweet.. it works— it is an apple cider soup after all! A keeper in this household. (I had to use 1 cup of apple juice and the rest water with beef bullion.) My husband couldn't stop raving about it.  Will definitely be my go to stew recipe.
