Turkey BBQ Sandwiches
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/216094/turkey-bbq-sandwiches/
Spray the inside of a slow cooker with nonstick cooking spray, and place the turkey legs into the cooker. In a bowl, mix together the brown sugar, yellow mustard, smoke flavoring, ketchup, cider vinegar, hot pepper sauce, salt, black pepper, and red pepper flakes until the sugar has dissolved. Pour the mixture over the turkey legs. Cover the cooker, set to Low, and cook 8 to 10 hours. Remove the turkey legs from the cooker, separate meat from bones and tendons, and shred the meat; return the meat to the sauce for serving.
I was looking for a great recipe to use up a ton of turkey legs we had in the freezer and I'm so glad I found this one! So easy to make and we loved this sauce. It's definitely got a bit of tang to it, but I wouldn't change a thing. Really great served with a side of coleslaw. excellent i need this right now with my family on vacation Excellent recipe for turkey lovers, and something really different than roasted turkey. I’ve been cooking turkey thighs this way for a few years now, always a big hit with my family. This was delicious. I will definitely make it again tweeting it here and there. I had forgotten to take the skin off before putting in the slow cooker because the legs were still partially frozen but it wasn't greasy. The sauce was a little too thin but very good. 8/18/15 My rating is based on the taste of the sauce alone!!  I may never buy BBQ sauce again the taste of it is so delicious.  I have the turkey and sauce in the slow cooker now and the time can't pass fast enough for mom and I to have dinner.  I used three turkey legs since that is how many came in the pack.  I doubled the sauce to make sure there would be enough for the additional turkey leg.  Thank you for sharing this recipe. JP8/19/15 My my this was absolutely delicious. Rave reviews from family and coworkers.  I took some for lunch to share -- they truly loved this BBQ Turkey. So much so they are requesting it again. They suggest I make it every couple of months.  We have a holiday party every year in December if it is an afternoon party I am to make this dish.  I will definitely use this BBQ sauce on ribs and chicken. Yummy!  JP incredibly easy. be prepared to have some tendons and such if you use legs. i used 4 legs and 2 thighs and doubled the sauce. very tasty. Easy, easy, easy! The sauce is really good. It was very thick, but cooked down with the turkey. I really enjoy the smokiness/heat of the sauce. It's not overly sweet like some BBQ sauces. I would make this again! Good recipe to start, although I found the first batch to be a little bland and too mustardy...so, for the second batch, I added a few things to make it a great one!  I used a variety of mustard; dijon, spicy brown and yellow for a total of just under the 1/4 cup called for.  I added a little extra ketchup along with a sprinkle of cayenne pepper, about a Tablespoon of Worchestershire sauce, about a Tablesppon of Crytstal hot sauce in addition to the Jalapeno pepper sauce, a large clove of fresh chopped garlic and about a quarter of a finely chopped yellow onion.  The result was a delicious blend of a little sweetness with just enough spice to make it interesting!  I used leftover Thanksgiving turkey, white and dark meat, and cooked on low in the slow cooker for about 3 hours before serving.  A big hit with the guys helping to remodel my basement the weekend after Thanksgiving.  Even my husband, who is not a big fan of turkey, loved it!  Will definitely hold on to this one for future turkey leftovers! I use breasts instead of legs, add a can of black beans and a package of frozen corn, and serve in tortillas.  Delicious!
