Spaghetti Tacos
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/216053/spaghetti-tacos/
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook angel hair pasta in the boiling water, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, 4 to 5 minutes. Drain well. Return pasta to the pot. Pour in spaghetti sauce and mix thoroughly until reheated. Place taco shells onto a microwave-safe plate, then fan out into a circular shape so the edges of the taco shells overlap slightly. Microwave on high until warm and crisp, 30 to 45 seconds. Spoon pasta mixture into warm taco shells. Sprinkle about 1 teaspoon Parmesan cheese onto each taco.
I made these after my daughter wanted them (because of the TV show), but the entire family enjoyed them. We've made them several times. There is something so tasty about the flavor of the corn taco shell and the spaghetti together. The contrast of textures is very nice, too. I added shredded cheddar cheese because that’s what I had and it melted from the hot sauce. Was delicious! my family has been making these for years as a result of me and my older sister asking our parents to as kids because of icarly, absolutely love them 10/10 I'm not sure what exactly I was hoping for when I made these, but they were exactly what they said they were... Spaghetti Tacos. I usually love texture variances like this in a dish however, these were just not great. This sounds good i going to make this for my boyfriend i hope he will like this recipes i like it As a kid who grew up watching iCarly, I wanted them so bad but my mom wouldn't make them so me and my friend made them at her house. All I can say is Spencer had the right idea when he took leftovers and put it in a taco shell! I totally forgot about them and can proudly say they are kid friendly! I want to make it again after making one change of not microwaving the taco shells but everything's GREAT! I'd recommend it. One great idea! Do it! good Have have made these for my kids too. Pretty much for the same reasons.... The TV show. I sprinkled the taco shells with garlic powder before I baked them. Then sprinkled parm cheese on top. I think I liked it more than the kids.
