German Texas Chili
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/216088/german-texas-chili/
Heat the olive oil in a very large skillet over medium heat, and cook the onions and chipotle peppers until the onions are translucent, about 10 minutes. Place the hot sausage and turkey into the skillet and cook until brown, chopping the meat up with a spoon into crumbles as it cooks, 10 to 15 more minutes. Spoon the meat mixture into a large slow cooker, leaving excess grease behind in the skillet. Stir the crushed tomatoes, Italian-style diced tomatoes, beer, garlic powder, kosher salt, black pepper, cumin, chili powder, paprika, and brown sugar into the meat mixture until thoroughly combined. Tie the cinnamon sticks and cloves into a piece of cheesecloth, and drop the bundle into the slow cooker. Set the cooker to Low, and cook 6 to 8 hours. Remove the cheesecloth spice bundle before serving.
This was a very savory, spicy, tasty chili. I used extra lean ground beef instead of the turkey because that's what I had in the house and a bottle of ale because I didn't have beer. I've never added sugar or cinnamon to meat before. It really was delicious. This is a keeper. I put it over white basmati rice. Sorry, but that's not really chili. Cinnamon sticks and cloves???? Frank X. Tolbert would be rolling in his grave I thought this was a delicious chili recipe. I personally prefer slightly sweet and spicy chili, and this one fit the bill. I had never added beer to a chili recipe before either, but I honestly liked the flavor it added. I did add a little less chipotles though, because 6 are way too much for any dish. I added 2 chipotle peppers, and 2 teaspoons of sauce. Also I upped my chili powder to a 1/4 cup. I also did not have whole cloves, but I did have them in powdered form, so I added a few dashes. I also added some smoked paprika, which was delicious. I will make this chili again, but I will tweak it a bit.  **EDIT**After serving it to my family, it was a HUGE hit with them. I changed my rating from 4 stars to 5 stars. My hubby begged me to save the recipe. I made this as written except I halved it. I used crushed tomatoes. While it tastes good, I only wish it looked half as good as it tasted.... This was a very savory, spicy, tasty chili.  I used extra lean ground beef instead of the turkey because that's what I had in the house and a bottle of ale because I didn't have beer.  I've never added sugar or cinnamon to meat before.  It really was delicious.  This is a keeper.  I put it over white basmati rice. This was a very savory, spicy, tasty chili.  I used extra lean ground beef instead of the turkey because that's what I had in the house and a bottle of ale because I didn't have beer.  I've never added sugar or cinnamon to meat before.  It really was delicious.  This is a keeper.  I put it over white basmati rice.
