Spiced Maple Pumpkin Seeds
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/216025/spiced-maple-pumpkin-seeds/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper. Melt butter in a large skillet over medium-low heat. Stir in seeds and cook, stirring constantly, until seeds turn slightly brown in color, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and drain off any excess butter. Stir in cinnamon, nutmeg, and maple syrup until seeds are thoroughly coated with spices. Spread seeds out onto the prepared baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven, stirring every 10 minutes, until crisp and golden brown, 30 to 45 minutes total.
I'm a pumpkin seed purist (roasted w/ sea salt & EVOO) so I enjoyed trying out new recipes this afternoon, after some goopy, messy jack-o-lantern carving. I chose this recipe (for the sweet) and another one that was more spicy. Truth be told, after they cooled, I mixed the 2 batches together for a co-minglng of savory and sugary. However, as this recipe stands, I enjoyed it, but really recommend going 300 deg. instead of 350, b/c some of my seeds got sticky and burnt. The smell wafting through my house while these roasted -- DEEEEEVINE! I followed the recipe exactly, although I did have to take them out earlier because they were popping and getting ready to burn.  I have an oven thermometer to check my oven temp and I know it was exactly 350.  The worst part is the lack of flavor.  I had no desire to eat them and my husband, who eats everything, said he would eat them to not waste food but not to make them again.  I had taken them to a party and found the same thing- my other pumpkin seeds made with a different recipe disappeared.  These just sat there untouched after the first few bites.  I would not repeat this for any reason. Loved the smell during the baking process but the cook times are way off. I checked every ten minutes, after 20 minutes I thought: only a few more minutes and bam after 25 there was a burnt smell coming out of my oven. So I recommend either lowering temp or adjust cook time I was thankful for this recipe. I have a stuffed mini pumpkin recipe that need some texture / contrast of soft and crunchy while mingling sweet and savory. These were a perfect top to an already amazing dish! Can’t stop eating these! OBSERVATION: I baked half on parchment on a perforated pizza pan, and half on a bare greased baking sheet. The ones on parchment taste sweeter. Really nice recipe.  Salt added to the recipe really rounded out the flavors. Loved these! It's hard to find a recipe for sweet pumpkin seeds instead of savoury. These did not last long in our house! First batch ended up burnt... Prob needed less time in the butter & in the oven: FYI! Be forewarned I am a huge maple fan, so this recipe sounded amazing.  The flavor of the nutmeg was way overpowering.  Half would have been plenty.  After having the seeds in the oven at 300 for 10 min, I stirred them and realized the recipe stated 350 degrees, so I turned the oven up.  I set the timer for only 4 minutes.  When I opened the oven, they were burned! They burn very easily. And we didn't even cook them for the whole time.
