Sausage and Sauerkraut
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/216081/sausage-and-sauerkraut/
Gather the ingredients. Place sauerkraut, caraway seeds, brown sugar, and apple into a large saucepan over medium-low heat, and bring to a simmer. Reduce heat to low, and cook for 2 hours, stirring occasionally. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease a 9x13-inch baking dish. Place bacon and onion into a skillet over medium heat, and cook until bacon is almost crisp and onion is beginning to brown, about 10 minutes. Stir the bacon mixture into the sauerkraut. Brown kielbasa sausage in remaining bacon grease in the same skillet until sausage begins to brown, 10 to 15 minutes; stir into the sauerkraut mixture. Spoon the sauerkraut and sausage mixture into the prepared baking dish. Bake in the preheated oven until bubbling, about 1 hour.
Why do people like Dee say they made a recipe but the completely change all the main ingredients? Then they say it's not good. I made it and it's very good. I don't like caraway seed, so I left that out, but that was optional. Serving suggestions by the original poster are exactly right on. I've been making this for years now. We use venison sausage, various flavours depending on what we've made. I've done the entire full 3 hours....fabulous. And I've expedited the process, and still pretty darn yummy! I have made this recipe many times(every New Years Day for 35 years+).I like it just as it is but I have "tweaked" to my taste. I used Mild Italian sausage links cut the same 1 inch(normally Johnsonville). Love the caraway seeds flavor but cut back to about half TB spoon. After browning I place in a covered crock and bake at 350 for 1 hour. I love sauerkraut  but my husband doesn’t and this is the best recipe that I’ve found… A real hit at our house.. TYSM recipe said to cook sauerkraut mixture 2 HOURS on the stove and then another HOUR in the oven with the browned sausage. Did as recipe said but  only cooked 45 minutes in the oven. Came out brown and very over-cooked. Someone needs to review this recipe. Possibly the recipe is for an old style sauerkraut ??? I only simmered it for about 40 minutes, then baked it for an hour. It came out nicely.  I added one extra apple.  One honey crisp and one Gala.The only reason not 5 star was how time consuming it was. Did not turn out at all. It looks horrible and doesn’t even taste that good! This was the best sausage and sauerkraut recipe I ever tasted. I added 1/2 cup of applesauce (traditional) to the sauerkraut after 20 minutes while simmering. I omitted the caraway seeds because I do not have any experience with the flavor. I am a full-time RV'er, and my simmer setting is not as low on my propane stove as conventional stoves. Therefore, the sauerkraut mixture only took 70 minutes for the apples to soften the way I like it. Keeping the lid on while simmering will generate enough moisture to keep from burning on the bottom of the pan. Stir every 10 minutes. I loved the flavor of browning the kielbasa sausage in the leftover bacon grease after cooking the onion and bacon together. It did not sound healthy at first. However, the sausage browned quickly and did not appear to absorb any of the grease. at the same time, the mixture was baking at 350, the lowest setting on my propane oven. I boiled four pealed medium-sized russet potatoes cut into two-inch chunks until soft. I then mashed them by hand with a fork. I added some butter and half-and-half, then hand-whipped them with a fork ( no mixer) until they were soft and fluffy. I served the sauerkraut over the mashed potatoes with cream corn and Grandma's frozen biscuits. Baked in the convection microwave oven. The flavors combined were sensational! My family and neighbors loved it, and I have already decided that I will increase having sausage and sauerkraut from a couple of times a year to once or twice a month. Thank you so much! Dennis L I added a cup of water at the 30 min and 1 & 1/2 hour mark. Other than that, I followed the recipe as written.  Very tasty. Definitely include the carraway seeds. Excellent base recipe.  Used a green apple, a yellow onion. added a sprinkle of pink peppercorns because I like them, then I tossed in a small bay leaf.  I only cooked the sauerkraut in the pot for an hour because 2 hours seems like a lot.  I fried the  bacon and onion separately so nothing would burn.  Basically, I followed the recipe with a few tweaks for my personal taste.   I served it over mashed potatoes.  Outstanding sausage and sauerkraut!
