True Bangers and Mash with Onion Gravy
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/216071/true-bangers-and-mash-with-onion-gravy/
Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F (95 degrees C). Cook sausages in a skillet over medium-low heat until browned, about 5 minutes per side; transfer to an oven-safe dish and keep warm in the preheated oven. Place potatoes into a saucepan over medium heat and cover with water; bring to a boil and simmer until potatoes are tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Drain and allow to steam dry for a minute or two. Mix in 1/4 cup of butter, milk, dry mustard, salt, and black pepper; mash until fluffy and smooth. Set aside. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a skillet over medium-high heat. Add onions; cook and stir until translucent and just starting to brown, about 8 minutes. Pour in beef broth and red wine; bring to a boil and simmer until reduced to half its volume, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and black pepper. Serve sausages with mashed potatoes; pour onion gravy on top.
Amazingly delicious! My family raved about this meal that is full of flavor from every angle. I used Johnsonville Brats and 3 lbs. red potatoes unpeeled. Although the gravy is thin it is very rich and soaks into the potatoes in a delightful way! Amazingly lovely recipe...just like my English childhood.I made it in a different order...I used cauliflower instead of potatoes because I am doing keto lifestyle...I chopped up cauliflower and put it on to cook just like the potatoes in the recipe.Then cooked the sausage in the same pan with the onions and left the sausage in as I made the gravy. It all came together perfectly. Mashed the cauliflower exactly as recipe stated.All was ready at the same time.I did add some peas to the gravy because thats just how we Brits are..we love peas!If interested I used the Irish o'garlic by Johnsonville...very close to British sausage.This recipe is now a permanent resident on my rotation. Thank you so much for sharing. SOooo yummy! I didn’t have red wine, so used 2 cups of water with two packets of dissolved apple cider mix. The gravy, the onions, the potatoes, the brats.... Heavenly! And my 9-year-old son said it was filling! Laaaa! The angels are singing! I’ll definitely make this again. Thank you for the recipe! Perfect comfort food!! I changed up the order of prep. Cooked the sausages on med/high heat so they got nice and brown..just put them off to the side, not really nec to heat up the oven. Added a bit of butter to the pan and softned and lightly browned the onions. I used my own homemade beef broth which I'm sure helped with the awesome flavour! Once I got the gravy simmering I started the potatoes; as it does take well over 10 min to reduce the gravy..more like 45. Just throw the sausages in the gravy for a couple of minutes to warm them up before serving. I served with pan fried brussel sprouts. Try making your own bone broth peeps, it's so easy and delish, you'll never use bouillon cubes again! :) I made this recipe for an Irish themed work potluck and it got rave reviews.I changed around the order of things for timing sake. I put the potatoes on to boil first. While I did that, I put the wieners on (I used Johnsonville Beer 'n Bratwurst Brats. They were delicious. After the Brats were done, I put some butter in the same pan and sautéed the onions in the Brat drippings. All those delicious drippings would be a shame to go to waste. I put the wine in to burn off the liquor for about 5 minutes first, then the beef broth. After it reduced by half, it tasted DELICIOUS, but I was a little afraid people would complain how thin it was, so I removed some of the liquid and beat in some cornstarch before returning it to the gravy. I didn't feel it needed any additional salt, but I did add some freshly cracked pepper. All together it was really darn good. We all decided the gravy could be used for a number of things, including over a steak, which I think is a divine idea. Maybe with a few mushrooms? Yes please!! First time trying bangers and mash, and I am glad I came across this recipe. the wine is a great addition to a traditional beef broth based gravy. I also added some thinly sliced red pepper with the onions for a little added color. Make sure you do cook down the wine well so it does not overwhelm the flavors. I put the bangers back in the pan with the onions and juices to heat up. Served it hot with the mashed potatoes, with some cubed up Kerrygold cheese on the side. Since my family appreciates veggies, I made some roasted brussel sprouts for a side dish. Awesome recipe, great way to celebrate St. Patrick's Day week, even though I am Italian, we are all Irish on St. Patty's Day! Can't forget a nice cold beer with the meal! Giving this recipe five stars, even though I made a slight change to save time. I lived in England for a while, and this recipe is PERFECT!!! It's everything I remembered. My change in the timing was to cook the sausage first, then get the onions cooking in the sausage juices while I started the potatoes boiling. Also, to save time on cooking down the gravy, I added 6 cups worth of beef bouillon, but I halved the water and the wine. This made it cook down much faster so that it was ready when the sausages came out of the oven and the potatoes were done. AWESOME RECIPE!!! My husband and I loved this dinner, I only wish I had steamed some cabbage to go with it. My very american and very picky daughters wouldn't eat it, but thats not the food, thats the kids. I also thickened the gravy, after the 10 minutes to cook it down I noticed it was as described and a bit too thin for my taste. I only added about 3T of flour to slightly thicken. Two cups of wine for the gravy, 4 cups of wine for the cook....Thats the way to do it! This hit home with the Irishman in our household who seems to be genetically wired for ANYTHING Irish and can pinpoint a good Irish dish from a bad one. I made this for breakfast on St. Patrick's Day and was able to find Irish Bangers at Whole Foods at the last minute for the occasion. That's what I get for procrastinating. I think otherwise, you'll have to plan ahead and order online from a retailer on the East Coast if you want to use traditional Irish Bangers. I didn't skin the potatoes because they hold all the nutrition of a potato. The onion gravy was BOMB! I usually have to hide ANY vegetables from my husband, being strictly a steak and potatoes guy and all, but he willingly ate several extra bites past his point of "FULL" all the while oozing with great compliments regarding the onion gravy. I think next time, I might try to stew the bangers in some Guinness for a bit before moving them into the skillet and reserving the Guinness reduction for the onion gravy. YUM!!! OMGosh - This was really good!!! I first used the smaller pork links, but added Bratwurst. The potatoes were less done - had to use only electric appliances because our propane line was being replaced, so had to microwave, & mixed them in my KitchenAid. They had some small chunks, but were very good like that. I wondered about the mustard powder, but followed the recipe & it was marvelous! Lots of onions,which I chopped fine. Seemed a lot, but was perfect, as the wine/beef broth sauce tasted savory. I didn't have enough beef broth, so I used half wine, half broth. I served this with a small loaf of Brennan's Irish Soda Bread from this site, which I cooked in my convection/toaster oven & it was all so good. One of my best meals. The family raved about it! I will definitely make this again! I first tried this in a pub in Orlando, FL, and I was addicted for life! Finding a suitable sausage is essential; the milder, the better. I want to try this recipe with a mild Italian sausage, too.One question. I know nothing about wine. What is a good red wine to use? It was good, although I added garlic because I saw it in another recipe and I add garlic to everything. To those who said it was bland - isn't that the definition of English food? Add spices to the gravy. I added a bit of Worcestershire and  dash of balsamic vinegar (which I saw in another recipe). It's still kinda bland. Last time I made onion gravy, I ended up adding a packet of dried oniom soup and it was perfect. I'm still cooking,  so might o that again. To Kenneth - what are you thinking??? There is NO SUCH THING as too much gravy. If you don't use it today, there is always tomorrow. Or next week. . . And about the peas - do you really need a written invitation? Just make some peas as a side dish! So tasty, yet so simple! My market had English bangers, so decided to give it a go.  They were smaller, 12 links per pound, so I cooked them all. Only real change I made was I used chicken broth rather than beef as I had an open container of it & needed to use it up. Since the sausages are pork, I figured why not? Did not add red wine (had none). I  cut my onions into longer pieces because I like them that way. It came together easily and the flavor is lovely! Comfort food I’ll be making again. We liked this easy, tasty dish. As recommended by other reviewers, I halved the amount of beef broth and red wine, and used cornstarch to thicken the gravy. I should have also only used 1 large onion, however the flavor of the gravy was still good.I got some pork sausage from the butcher, which we didn’t care for at all. It had a weird flavor. Next  time I will get Johnsonville Irish garlic sausage if I can find it. Otherwise, I’ll just get Johnsonville brats.I think that if the sausage was better, this would’ve been a tasty meal. I will definitely try it again with a different sausage! Way too much gravy, so I halved it. Otherwise it was simple and easy. This was very tasty and delicious.  I didn't  chop the onions,  I  sliced them( the picture didn't show chopped). Didn't use as much wine and added a little arrowroot (to make the gravy thicker).  I will  definitely make again. I do not know but this recipe to me seemed too bland. Also, my most important qualm is with the amounts of liquids for the "gravy". I think it was too much liquid of both the broth and the wine. Also, make sure you get a good or decent red wine otherwise the outcome could disappoint. I had no dry mustard so I used the same amount but of actual Dijon mustard. It gave the mash potatoes a different taste that accounts for variety. If I make this again, I would use less of the liquids and definitely keep the bit of corn starch to thicken the sauce. Great recipe. My kids even raved about it and asked it be in the weekly recipe rotation. I substituted the mustard powder with garlic powder because I'm the only one who likes mustard. This will be a keeper though. Recipe calls for a lot of gravy but anyone with some common sense can figure it out. I will be making this one quite often.
