Booger Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/216153/booger-cookies/
Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a baking sheet. Beat the margarine and 1/3 cup confectioners' sugar with an electric mixer in a large bowl until smooth. Beat in the egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, and the almond extract until completely incorporated. Mix in the pudding mix until smooth. Stir in the flour until just incorporated, then fold in the chocolate chips, mixing just enough to evenly combine. Form the cookie dough into 1-inch balls, and place onto the prepared baking sheet. Use your thumb to make an indent into each cookie. Bake in the preheated oven until the edges are golden, 10 to 14 minutes. Allow the cookies to cool on the baking sheet for 1 minute before removing to a wire rack to cool completely. While the cookies are cooling, prepare the filling by stirring 1 1/2 cups confectioners' sugar in a bowl with 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, milk, and food coloring. Add additional milk as needed to make the mixture smooth. Spoon a little of the green filling into each cooled cookie, and top with a candy kiss.
These were a big hit with my niece and nephews! Green Booger cookies for Halloween and they taste great! And now that I know what they look like when they're done, I can make the next batch look like eyeballs by using vanilla pudding mix and white chocolate chips, colored frosting in the thumbprint and a chocolate chip in the center. Plus a little red frosting drizzled on the white cookie part to look like a bloodshot eyeball!!! Oops yes I used real butter, but always use it anyway. Oh and since not being a milk person, I used 2 Tablespoons of Pumpkin spice coffee cream! Took them to our church carry-in supper and they were a huge thumbs up except the name. ha  Happy Halloween everyone....patsy made as is and grandkids loved them There was too much icing on the cookies when I made them but other than that it was amazing and really good. I have a very similar recipe that I bake all the time and love. I just think that maybe adding on the green frosting not only adds too much sweetness but makes the cookie look weird. On the bright side they still taste amazing. We made these cookies for St. Patrick's Day and they were a hit. Substituted the frosting listed with a cream cheese frosting to add a more flavorful punch. Who can resist a cookie with this name.  Easy and quick enough to make with kids. Very fun and can be adapted to make other colors for other occasions. Kind of like a light green sugar cookie with candy on top. Followed the recipe and got about 36 cookies.  Will definitely make again. My kids love to help me mack these cookies. We make them for neighbors, teachers, and friends who always request more. Less flour and one and a half packages of pudding mix and cook a bit longer Made these fun cookies today for my daughter's neighborhood Halloween party tomorrow!  They are yummy and super cute!  I did substitute butter for the margarine!  (Haven't used that stuff in years!)  I'm visiting the family in Colorado so my baking skills are being tested!  I had to increase the heat a bit and they took a little longer to bake.  My grandson gave them a thumbs up so I'm happy with this recipe.  Thanks!
