Cioccolata Calda (Hot Chocolate Italian-Style)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/216167/cioccolata-calda-hot-chocolate-italian-style/
Mix the cocoa powder and sugar together in a small saucepan. Stir the 1 1/2 cups milk into the saucepan until the sugar has dissolved. Place over low heat; slowly bring the mixture to a low simmer. Whisk 2 tablespoons of milk together with the cornstarch in a small cup; slowly whisk the cornstarch slurry into the cocoa mixture. Continue cooking, whisking continually, until the hot chocolate reaches a pudding-like thickness, 2 to 3 minutes.
This is WONDERFUL hot chocolate! It reminds me of the hot chocolate that they drink in the movie Chocolat. It is very thick and creamy but that's why I like it. I added three TBLS of sugar because I like my chocolate sweeter. It was the perfect amount as suggested by another reviewer. I also added two dashes of Cayanne pepper, and three dashes of cinnamon to give it that little extra kick of heat and to cut the chocolaty flavor just a bit. It was really good. I know the recipe says it makes two servings but it filled my big mug and I drank it all. If you want that extra creaminess, use either 2% or whole milk. Also, dipping sponge cake in it is heaven! This recipe did not thicken to a pudding like consistency. There was entirely too much chocolate powder and not nearly enough sugar, the flavors were all out of whack and uneven. Was a very disappointing cup of hot chocolate. Did not work. Consistency was perfect! Adding salt, vanilla, and sugar for my own preference. I loved it! I’ll admit, I altered a couple of things, and I hate to be that person. But it wasn’t insanely different. I don’t consume dairy, so I used oat milk. And I did do a dash of salt. I love the consistency and was fine with the taste as it was! But I did warm up and add about a tablespoon of pure maple syrup, just to bring a tiny bit more sweetness. It did take longer than 3 minutes to thicken, but I’m willing to admit that could be the fault of the oat milk. Try it out! It’s delicious… I was unable to get it to thicken even way past the cook time. I even tried extra corn starch after like 10 mins with no change and that didn't do anything either. The flavor was still pretty good, though. I might try again next Winter. Not as sweet as I would like, I guess I can experiment and add more chocolate, do like the consistency This recipe is so delicious! Absolutely loved it and was very amazed at how thick it got so quickly! Highly recommend, but I would add more sugar. It was very yummy, thick and creamy, but I think lacked some ingredients. As other reviewers have said, it tastes much better if you add a pinch of salt, a tsp of vanilla, and an additional 1/2 tbsp of sugar.
