Main Line Chicken Chili
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/216490/main-line-chicken-chili/
Place the chicken meat, kidney beans with half their liquid, black beans with half their liquid, onion, green pepper, tomato paste, stewed tomatoes, mango salsa, rice vinegar, bay leaf, smoked paprika, salt, chili powder, and black pepper into a slow cooker, and stir well to combine. Set the cooker to High, cover, and cook for 1 hour; stir the chili. Turn the cooker down to Low, and cook for 3 to 4 more hours.
Very good, and a very unique recipe. I already had cooked leftover chicken and was using freshly cooked beans, so I skipped the crockpot method and went stove top instead. Followed the recipe exactly in every other way and wouldn't change anything. I used home made mango salsa- 'Nicole's Mango Salsa' from this site. This recipe is not spicy hot though, so add in jalapeno's if you like it hot. Shredded Monterey Jack cheese, tortilla chips, green onions and sour cream to top finished it perfectly. Well done on your very original recipe, Mary. Thank you! Loved this. Made this several times and here's my perfected recipe changes. Increase to 2 lbs of chicken, drain/rinse the beans, increase to 1 cup of salsa (I used Kroger Private Selection peach/mango this time, but usually use Mrs. Renfro's mango habenero). Add a chopped ripe mango and three minced habenero peppers -- this is what really kicks it up. Add vinegar at the end of the cooking time. Serve with Mexican blend shredded cheese, sour cream, avocado, and tortilla chips. My observations: the veggies need more time to cook than the beans and chicken.  Next time I'd give the veggies a good 2 hour head start.  I also never "cook" the beans - heating them up in the stew an hour or 2 before serving would be the most "chili proper" approach. I also found the seasoning quantity a bit anemic.  2-3 T of chili powder gave me a better bang. I really wonder what white beans (instead of kidney/black) would do.  All in all, not bad This is a great recipe.  I just made it tonight on the stove instead of the crock pot and it came out wonderfully.  The only changes I made, other than cooking it on the stove, were that I added another can of tomatoes because I had too much chicken, and also some oregano. It only took about an hour from start to finish. This was a home run with my family so I'll be sure to make it again. While I thought this was "OK," my husband's opinion was quite the opposite. He thought our chili was too bean-y. Not being a fan of beans in general, he commented that even ten beans would be overpowering (I just can't win lol...). I am therefore basing my rating solely on what I thought of this since my husband is obviously biased. :) I guess I'm just a purist at heart. I prefer traditional (beef) chili with good texture, ample spice and a little zing to keep things interesting. This was by far the most unique red bean chili recipe I've ever tried (and it definitely had texture AND zip), but it just didn't WOW me. NOTE: Since it was not specified what type of salsa to use (i.e. the jarred tomato-based stuff or fresh), I opted to use my local Italian market's mango salsa. Their salsa is made fresh daily and contains NO tomatoes. It's a mixture of chopped mango, jalapeno, red onion and cilantro - that's it. I thought about purchasing a jar of Newman's Own mango salsa, but because I wanted to top my chili with it too, fresh was the way to go. Chopped cilantro and red onion (and a dab of additional salsa) were perfect garnishes. Serving our chili over a bowlful of cilantro lime rice made this a filling meal. I'm not convinced this should replace my go-to chili recipe, but am glad to have given your recipe a try nonetheless. Thanks and happy cooking, Mary! XXOO. :-) I just made this. Delicious and easy. I used peach/mango salsa and a hotter pepper. It had a nice balance of sweet and savory. Really enjoyed this but just a tad to much tomato flavor in the liquid.  Great flavor over all though and topped with some purple onions and cilantro...I loved it!  The rice vinegar kick appears with every bite in a good way ;)  Thanks Mary! Good chili.  I used already cooked ground turkey, and much less, as there was plenty else going on in this chili.  Very nice flavor with the mango salsa; it was a perfect addition and made me happy since I have leftover mango salsa!  I added in a few more black beans since I had a little more than a can in the freezer.  I also used the crockpot--left it on low all day and had dinner when we got home from work.  Very easy and delicious.  thanks for the recipe! I have made this a couple times. It is a little sweet side and not spicy (but you could add tabasco!)  I do not keep any bean "juice."  I rinse them and add some water to the pot.  We love it as a low fat high protein meal!This time I used a coconut mango sauce from Fresh Market instead of the salsa.  Muy Bueno!
