Cranberry Sangria
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/216447/cranberry-sangria/
Place the sugar, tea bags, lemon slices, cloves, cinnamon, nutmeg, ginger, and water into a saucepan, and stir until the sugar has dissolved. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer for 10 minutes. Remove from heat and let mixture cool. Strain out and discard the spices, lemon, and tea bags. Pour the white wine into a large jar or covered container, and mix with the tea mixture. Stir in apples and cranberries; mix in the apple brandy. Chill in refrigerator 24 to 48 hours. Serve cold.
I made a huge batch of this for a holiday party. Everyone loved it and were very impressed that I made it. I did not use the amount of fruit the recipe called for but I do think at least some is necessary. The apples lend a nice touch and the craisins create a lovely ruby red color at the bottom of your glass. Cooking the tea mixture also made the house smell really festive. Great recipe! I could not find cranberry tea, so I used cranberry juice and cut the sugar significantly. Topped it with sparkling wine.  Thanks for the awesome recipe! I made this for Thanksgiving and had to make a few adjustments due to lack of ingredients. I used 1 1/2 cups cranraspberry juice in place of the tea and water. I cut the sugar to 1/2 cup. I had frozen cranberries instead of dried. Came out delicious! My family is now telling me that this is what I am bringing to all family functions. Made this for Thanksgiving, it was a big hit! This was the hit of Thanksgiving this year!  I used half the sugar just because a whole cup seemed like a lot ( I usually do that with everything).  I used cranberry apple tea, and two travel sizes (like airplane size) of apple brandy. It came out delicious and everyone liked it, even those that normally don’t drink alcohol.  I will definitely make it again! This was delicious - though a bit too sweet for some of us. The spices were awesome. Next time, I might reduce the apple brandy to help cut the sweetness or switch to a really dry white wine. Have been making this for a few years, Everyone’s favorite, Always asked for the recipe. I use cranberry hibiscus tea, instead of apple brandy I use Apple Whiskey ( I double the amount of Whiskey! Excellent. I substitute Splenda for white sugar and look for other sugar--free ingredients.  The sugar-free ingredients do not change the taste of the sangria. I loved this and so did my guests! It was the perfect blend of fruits and liquor. I'll definitely make this again.
