Greg's Southern Biscuits
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/216438/gregs-southern-biscuits/
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Lightly grease a baking sheet with 1/2 teaspoon of lard. Mix together the flour, salt, baking soda, and baking powder in a bowl. Grate the frozen butter and 2 tablespoons frozen lard into the flour mixture with a cheese grater; stir lightly 1 or 2 times to mix. With your fingers, make a well in the middle of the flour mixture, and pour the bacon drippings and buttermilk into the well. With just the tips of your fingers, stir lightly and quickly to just bring the dough together before the butter and lard melt. Dough will be sticky. Scrape dough out onto a floured surface, and gently pat the dough flat. Sprinkle the top of the dough with flour, and fold it in half; pat down, fold again, and repeat until you have folded the dough 4 or 5 times. With a rolling pin, roll the dough out to a square about 1 inch thick. Cut the biscuit dough into rounds with a 2 1/2-inch biscuit cutter or the floured edge of a drinking glass by pushing straight down (twisting the cutter will seal the edge and keep the biscuits from rising). Lay the biscuits onto the prepared baking sheet so the edges just touch. Bake in the preheated oven until risen and lightly golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes.
Disclaimer, This is my recipe. I just wanted to pass on some tips. First off. Stick to the recipe, please don't alter it, then rate it, as its no longer mine. Do not over work the dough, flatten out gently, dust lightly with flour, (will be sticky) pat gently and then fold again, repeat, you should only do it 4-5 times max, any more and your dough will comes out flat, dense, and chewy. If they don't turn out like that, you more than likely overworked the dough, or need fresh baking powder/soda These rise about an inch on avg.Remember the key is, handle the dough as lightly and as little as possible. A Tip: To make buttermilk just add a 1 tbs of white vinegar to a cup of milk. Let sit for 5 minutes, and you now have buttermilk. To keep the lard/butter from clumping, grate directly over the flour moving it around as you grate and give a little stir if you see it clumping. BTW Grandma always sifted her flour, I did not, I've eaten a lot of country food. This is the best biscuits I've ever had. If yours don't turn out delicious, please try again, as something went wrong. It's worth it. Btw- These biscuits should be soft in the middle and have a very light crunch on the top. Grandma's words about biscuits, it largely comes down to feel and texture of the biscuit when it is kneaded perfectly with the right moisture to flour ratio and that comes only with a little practice. Enjoy! WARNING: this is NOT health food, Please judge solely on taste. Epic awesomeness! Didn't change a thing and achieved lovely results! Wow! Idk, I haven't made them yet! Phenomenally, flaky goodness!I used kosher salt to give wonderfully flavorful bursts of crunchy, salty, crystalline surprises throughout. I added two pinches of sugar, and used heavy whipping cream because I was out of buttermilk. Buttermilk probably helps to keep the biscuits from crumbling quite as much as they did with the heavy cream.These were fluffy, flavorful, and moist. I can’t wait to make them with buttermilk.Thank you for the recipe! These are very similar to biscuits I learned to make, the difference being I always use only lard in biscuits, no butter, though I'll admit it can add some flavor. The addition of bacon drippings was new to me, and I totally love it! (As a Southerner, I believe bacon in anything gets a thumbs up!) I did want to note that in the video when the woman is using the cutter/glass she twists it, a BIG no-no! You said as much in the directions, though. I also always keep dipping the cutter/glass in flour as that helps keep the dough from sticking to the cutter/glass. How I WILL use butter is to melt a few tablespoons and, right as the biscuits come out of the oven, use a pastry brush to slather some butter on the tops. YUM!! Very good. I change it up to what I think is a little easier due.  to using less ingredients plus a better outcome (for me anyway). I useself-rising flour because it's pre-mixed to include a blend of hard and soft wheat as well as a leavening. Finally! The southern biscuit recipe I've been looking for all my life. Two things, though: the dough was not sticky, it was gloppy; and needed more salt. Next time, I'll reduce the liquid to 3/4 C and add more if needed, and increase salt to 1 t. Thank you! 1 full cup of buttermilk makes it work idk why they thought only 3/4 cup would work but anyway Great recipe!
