Pumpkin Empanadas
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/216489/mexican-pumpkin-empanadas/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line baking sheets with parchment paper. To make the dough: Whisk flour, sugar, salt, and baking powder together in a large bowl. Cut shortening into flour mixture until it resembles coarse crumbs. Stir in warm water, 2 tablespoons at a time, just until dough starts coming together. Knead dough a few times in the bowl. Transfer dough out onto a floured surface. Cut dough in quarters, then cut each quarter into thirds to make 12 equal portions. Roll each portion into a ball. Cover with a cloth and allow to rest while you make filling. To make the filling: Mix pumpkin, sugar, eggs, cinnamon, salt, ginger, and cloves together in a large bowl until smooth. Roll each dough ball out on a floured surface into a thin, 6-inch circle. Spoon about 1/3 cup filling into the center of each dough circle. Fold dough over filling to make a half-moon-shaped pie, then crimp the edges together with a fork. Place onto the prepared baking sheets. Brush the tops with beaten egg. Bake in the preheated oven until the filling is hot and crusts are golden brown, about 20 minutes.
A correction is needed it the Directions. 1/4 tsp baking powder needs o the dry ingredients. I almost missed putting that in! These turned out great. I used one large can of pumpkin, instead of 4 cups. just like an other reveiwer had mentioned. Everything else I kept the same, but next time I am going to try the cinnamon in the pastry dough! I think too much shortening the dough was nowhere pliable to roll out properly to fill with the pumpkin. It was more like a dough for a pie crust. I spent a lot of time on that and every time I try to roll it out it just crumbled in my hands. The recipe calls for 4 cups of pumpkin. I'm lucky if I used 1.5 cups. Wasted a lot, unless you want to make 3 dozen empanandas. The recipe calls for too much cloves too. Cut it in half. Overall disappointed. I made this recipe with a few changes. I boiled cinnamon sticks and 2 T of anisé and 1 cup brown sugar. I omitted the sugar in the flour, and used the spicy water instead. Delicious! The recipe was ok, the problem I had was they turned out too thin, crumbly and not enough dough. Tweaking it what I will have to do. Maybe increase the dry ingredients and maybe use unsalted butter. It's a great experiment for me, I just know nobody anywhere in my area have they made anything remotely close to this good tasting recipe. It was great and easy to follow directions Loved this recipe!! Definitely use the dough recipe, reminded me of my grandmother’s recipe. Now I will share with my grandkids. Thank you! It was delicious,  but I added cinnamon,  a little clove and anise to the dough.  Mmmm!! This is a great recipe!   The spices made the pumpkin SO tasty and not overwhelming.  These brought back memories of my youth and my family.   Sadly, I  have no recipes to look back to.
