Instant Pot Southern Cabbage
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/216619/southern-cabbage-for-the-pressure-cooker/
Cook and stir bacon in an open 8-quart pressure cooker over medium heat until tender, 4 to 5 minutes. Do not crisp bacon unless you prefer it that way. Add butter and stir until melted. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add cabbage to bacon-butter mixture and pour in broth. Season with salt and pepper; toss cabbage until coated. otdash Meredith Food Studio Secure the lid, place the regulator on top (depending on the type of pressure cooker you have), and turn heat to high. When the regulator begins to rock or the cooker reaches full pressure, lower temperature until the regulator is gently rocking (15 pounds per square inch). Cook for 3 minutes. Immediately remove the cooker from heat. Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions. Unlock and remove the lid. Transfer cabbage to a serving plate; serve hot. otdash Meredith Food Studio
EASY & oh so yummy! I did substitute smoked sausage for the bacon & browned 3 mins. each side with some butter, garlic & a few dashes of Worcester Sauce. Added my chopped cabbage & only 1 cup of stock. I also quartered a few red potatoes lightly seasoned with kosher salt & added them to my PC steamer basket. Served up with allrecipes' Grandmother's Buttermilk Cornbread! HUGE hit with my hubby! Thanks EyeSpy for this recipe! Great improvement /  modification by drizzling a little balsamic vinegar on top of your individual bowl. Was good as is, slightly al  dente by following recipe. I gave the original recipe 4 stars because it’s super easy and tasty. With a few additions, it is even better. I used 3 strips of bacon (left over from another recipe) and then tossed in a ring of kielbasa to brown, along with a large sliced onion. As per others, I added a few shakes of Worcestershire sauce and also a few shakes of herbs de Provence. I also only used one cup of broth and that seemed a bit much at the end so I let it simmer with the lid off for about half an hour to reduce. Flavor was fantastic! Needs a few spices to ramp up the flavor. One of my favorites for winter time. I added a handful of frozen onions and peppers and cooked my bacon till almost crisp. Then added sausage, and a can of chicken stock and pressure cooked in a ninja xl for 10 minutes..turned out great…I fried out a can of corned beef hash separately to put on top. One pot meal with cornbread. I did not have bacon so instead added ham. Usually, I make cabbage and the leftovers go into the fridge until they are thrown out. Leftovers did not go to waste and the family is asking me to make it again. Additionally Added 1/2 teaspoon liquid smoke, 1 tsp kitchen bouquet, and tsp red pepper flakes. We like it with a little spice Fantastic! My kids love it too! Love this recipe. So simple to make, but I made this on the stove instead of the insta pot.  Cook the bacon in my large pan. After it’s done the way you like it add everything else. I like my cabbage crispier  so I didn’t cook it as long. You can reduce the amount of butter to make the dish a little healthier. I will be making this quite a bit, great for my healthy lifestyle that I try to maintain. I made this in my instant pot and it was  delicious.   I used smoked turkey sausage instead of bacon and did what another reader did— browned the pieces in butter, Worcestershire sauce and garlic. I used only 1 can of broth.   My husband really liked it too and this meal was low carb for his diabetes.   We both thought it was very good.
