Mom's Fabulous Chicken Pot Pie with Biscuit Crust
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/216758/moms-fabulous-chicken-pot-pie-with-biscuit-crust/
Gather the ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Melt butter in a skillet over medium-low heat. Add onion, celery, and carrots and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 15 minutes. Stir in peas, flour, parsley, and thyme and cook, stirring constantly, until the flour coats the vegetables and begins to fry, about 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Whisk in chicken broth and half-and-half, and cook until the sauce is thick and bubbling. Stir in cooked chicken, and season with salt and pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Transfer chicken, vegetables, and sauce into a 7x11-inch baking dish. Arrange biscuits on top of the filling. Beat egg yolk with water in a small bowl. Brush mixture over the biscuits. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until the biscuits are golden brown and the pie filling is bubbly, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and let rest for 10 minutes before serving. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
My husband is currently eating his fourth bowl of this stuff, no lie. I actually made the whole deal in my cast iron skillet--sauteed, simmered, added biscuits and stuck it in the oven. Turned out perfectly and made a neat presentation, as well. This is so good. Family and husband approved. I wish there was a place to add notes on saved recipes. I made several changes that I want to remember for next time I make it. Made very few adjustments.  Definitely use 1.5  of a rotisserie chicken for  the best flavor.  I also slightly sautéed the Chicken with the mixed vegetables before adding the liquid.  I would recommend splitting the flakey layer biscuits in half and overlapping them slightly for the crust.  Absolutely divine! I have to double and triple the sauce because my husband loves it so much he always complains that there’s just not enough (after he licks his bowl clean). (And I add broccoli). 😋 Perfect Delicious! My only gripe is that it requires many, many measuring cups and spoons and dishes. delicious
