Savory Sea Scallops and Angel Hair Pasta
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/216757/savory-sea-scallops-and-angel-hair-pasta/
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add angel hair pasta and cook, uncovered, for 4 to 5 minutes or until al dente; drain. otdash Meredith Food Studio While pasta is cooking, melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Stir in garlic and cook just until fragrant and softened, about 1 minute. otdash Meredith Food Studio Slice any scallops over 3/4-inch thick in half so they'll cook evenly. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir scallops, basil, and parsley into the skillet. Cook and gently stir just until scallops feel slightly firm when pressed with a finger, about 2 to 3 minutes. Scallops will become tough and chewy if overcooked. otdash Meredith Food Studio Reduce heat to low; stir in lemon juice and season with salt and pepper. Pour in cream if you like a thicker sauce and cook just until the sauce begins to simmer. otdash Meredith Food Studio otdash Meredith Food Studio Ladle scallops and sauce over hot pasta and sprinkle Parmesan cheese over top. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
I really enjoyed this recipe and have now made this twice with only a few minor changes. I used only a small amount of butter and a bit of olive oil to saute the garlic and added some scallions. I also used both both scallops and large uncooked shrimp cooked with a bit of white wine and fresh squeezed lemon juice. Instead of cream I added a wedge of laughing cow lite cheese to thicken the sauce along with the freshly grated parmesean cheese. In a separate pan I cooked asparagus and a small amount of angel hair pasta cooked together with more basil and parsley and lemon juice. Once that was cooked I cut up the asparagus and added that along with the pasta to the scallops and shrimp. The second time I made this I used risotto and added the asparagus to the risotto. Both were delicious. I will definitley be making this often. Thank you Jim! Not a big fan of this, particularly the method but also seems to be missing a key ingredient or three. I’ve since tried another recipe which is much better in my opinion - simply seasoning the scallops and searing them first, then removing from the pan whilst making the sauce and adding back in after the pasta is mixed in the sauce. This will ensure the lovely, crispy side to the scallop remains. It also needs something more to sauce - either white wine or some sort of stock (I’ve used chicken stock even) in the beginning of the sauce to deglaze the yummy browned bits of the scallops. The cream is absolutely necessary without, I prefer it no matter what. Tastes nicer with capers and lemon zest. If you have none of those ingredients, this recipe will be okay but it’s just rather mediocre. I switched things up a little. I added a little chicken bullion instead of salt with the whipping cream and a little parm. Also sauteed julienned zucchini and sun dried tomatoes. Served over linguini instead. It was fabulous! I made this recipe as written. It was wonderful, going to try it tonight with shrimp. This came out great. My wife loved it. Yummy! Added cherry tomatoes and bacon. So good!
