Butternut Squash and Turnip Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/216700/butternut-squash-and-turnip-soup/
Heat the butter and olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Stir in the butternut squash, turnips, celery, onion, and garlic; cook and stir until the vegetables just begin to brown, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, heat the chicken stock in a large pot over medium heat until simmering. Transfer the vegetables to simmering stock, and add the bay leaf, honey, pepper, nutmeg, coriander, cayenne pepper, and salt. Continue simmering until all the vegetables are softened, about 20 minutes. Remove the bay leaf before serving.
I used more butternut squash and turnips than called for, subbed vegetable stock for the chicken stock, and omitted the honey. Great soup! Absolutely delicious! I have made this soup several times and it is a very healthy, filling soup! Thank you for the recipe. Absolutely delicious. I used some frozen mirepoix, 2 apples, and my own garden herbs de Provence instead of the suggested herbs ( which I did not have). Added some red pepper and puréed with stick blender. Absolutely delicious. It was great! I omitted the honey and like other reviews I added 1/4 cup heavy cream before it was puréed. Nice recipe. Decided to puree after it cooled off. It seemed to make it taste better. Don't get me wrong, tasted good at first, but it definitely improved it in my opinion. Family and neighbours enjoyed it. it is unbelievable! I  pureed it and served hot over some lefover shredded chicken. Will make again! This soup is delicious!  I love the spices.  It came out just perfect.  I pureed some of it as some of the other commenters mentioned they did..only because I love pureed soups.  But it's nice as is, too.Update: 2nd time making it, I did not puree the soup.  I think it's better without doing that!  Such a good recipe. I made this for my vegetarian daughter and she LOVED it!  This a  really interesting recipe the combination of flavors and spices that are surprisingly great together . Will definitely make this again ! This soup was delicious.  I fried up bacon to use for grilled cheese sandwiches first, and then sauteed the veggies in the bacon grease (no added oil or butter).  I also used cumin instead of coriander.  After cooking, it went into the food processor with about 6oz of cream cheese.  Awesome...one of the best soups I've ever tasted. I love squash and I love turnip, so this was the ideal soup for me.  I also added carrots because I love those in soup too. I didn't have all of the required spices so I used half a teaspoon of garam masala.  It was yummy.
