Good New Orleans Creole Gumbo
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/216888/good-new-orleans-creole-gumbo/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Make the roux: Whisk together flour and 3/4 cup bacon drippings in a large, heavy saucepan over medium-low heat until smooth. Cook roux, whisking constantly, until it turns a rich mahogany brown color. This can take 20 to 30 minutes; watch heat carefully and whisk constantly or roux will burn. Remove from heat; continue whisking until mixture stops cooking. otdash Meredith Food Studio Make the gumbo: Place celery, onion, green bell pepper, and garlic into the work bowl of a food processor, and pulse until all vegetables are very finely chopped. Stir vegetables into roux, and mix in sliced sausage. Cook over medium-low heat, stirring constantly, until vegetables are tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine water and beef bouillon cubes in a large Dutch oven or soup pot and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Stir until bouillon cubes dissolve, then whisk roux mixture into the boiling water. Reduce heat to a simmer and mix in sugar, salt, hot pepper sauce, Cajun seasoning, bay leaves, thyme, stewed tomatoes, and tomato sauce. Simmer soup over low heat for 1 hour; mix in 2 teaspoons of file gumbo powder at the 45-minute mark. Meanwhile, melt 2 tablespoons bacon drippings in a skillet over medium heat. Add okra and vinegar and cook for 15 minutes; remove okra with a slotted spoon, and stir into the simmering gumbo. Mix in crabmeat, shrimp, and Worcestershire sauce, and simmer until flavors have blended, 45 more minutes. Stir in 2 more teaspoons of file gumbo powder just before serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO
You should be ashamed of yourself. Family recipes are suppose to be just that, kept in the family. But I'm fo sho glad you shared this one. This is what gumbo is suppose to be.Just the right amount of kick but not to spicy. This will now be passed on down to my family. Thanks Doc!!! Exactly as I remember it growing up as a child in Louisiana! 10/10 will make again. I made this. I didn't use Worcestershire sauce of any kind nor did I use Gumbo file. It was all from scratch but I added okra and tomatoes after making the roux along with the celery,bell pepper and onion. My family loves it!!  I also added chicken and crab legs. I removed bacon completely from the recipe and added shrimp broth and a little less beef broth. I also used whole wheat flour and only used crab, shrimp and fish. Added extra Tabasco sauce as well. A great way of making the roux the right color is by baking the flour till you get the right color. America's Test Kitchen has a great video about it. You still get that nice smokey flavor without having to stir for 40 minutes.I always buy head-on shell-on shrimp and use the heads/shells in the broth. The rest of the recipe is great but I boosted the amount of spice and bay leaves and a few other things for a stronger flavor. A lot of  prep but well worth it
