Sassy Tailgate Sandwiches
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/216837/sassy-tailgate-sandwiches/
Cut all rolls in half. Place roll bottoms in 9x13-inch pan. Place equal amounts of ham on each roll bottom. Top with Gruyere. On each of the roll tops, spread a generous amount of the cream cheese spread. Return the tops to the bottoms making sandwiches. In a separate bowl, mix together the butter, Worcestershire sauce, onion and Parmesan cheese. Pour over your sandwiches and let sit for at least 20 minutes. (You can make these ahead of time and allow to sit in fridge overnight.) Place sandwiches, covered in foil, in a preheated 350 degrees F oven. Bake for 20 minutes or until warmed through. Enjoy!
Great recipe and super easy to make. My only suggestion is that if you made them beforehand and cover them overnight or a few hours, to use foil or plastic wrap sprayed with Pam. I covered my Pyrex baking dishes with the plastic pyrex covers and the tops stuck to the cover ... so they didn't look super pretty. One of my go to recipes for any gathering occasion.  Always a requested favorite. Easy and delicious!!!  I've made other versions, but this is my favorite and has the best flavors!!! Flavors I had forgotten about in my childhood, tasted so familiar and you don’t care about the calories, I made them for my first time, Christmas of 2022 and ran out to fast, I’ll be making and eating this recipe for a long while but I’m going to tweak it here and there to make it my family treat!!! Love it!! I've made these numerous times and they are always a big hit!  I usually use Swiss cheese, because it's a little more budget friendly.  I always have requests for the recipe! I baked it until the bottom was crisp. About 25 minutes. Major success for Monday Night Football!!!! My family loves this recipe! You can use it just as is. And, it's delish!! We like it with cheesy potato soup! Also - Great for parties, or for a Meal Train. I made it for a family in need and they loved it. It's a great make-ahead meal.You can also make changes - change the cheese, type of meat, omit the cream cheese, etc. It's so versatile. Try it!! Tasted great but were very soggy.  I didn’t need nearly this much ham or cheese. I let this sit almost all day and it was great. It reminded me of a fast food comfort meal that was cheap on a budget. Great make ahead and you can switch it up. Good for a party!
