Marinated Grilled Shrimp
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/21694/marinated-grilled-shrimp/
Stir together olive oil, tomato sauce, garlic, and red wine vinegar in a large bowl. Season with basil, salt, and cayenne pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add shrimp to the bowl; stir until evenly coated. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes to 1 hour, stirring once or twice. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the grill to medium heat. Lightly oil the grate. Thread shrimp onto skewers, piercing once near the tail and once near the head. Discard marinade. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook shrimp on the preheated grill until opaque, 2 to 3 minutes per side. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
These were very nice. I was expecting outstanding flavour for five stars though and this just didn't make it. Next time I would add sweet chilli sauce, more tomato and garlic. Fresh basil is a must! UPDATE: I have now modified this recipe to suit our family's taste and I have to say that it is worthy of 5* now. Instead of tomato sauce, I used a whole can of diced tomatoes, doubled the garlic, more basil, 1/4 cup sweet chilli sauce, 1 tblsn of red wine vinegar, 1/4 cup oil and pulsed the lot in my food processor. Verrryyy nice. This is my go to grilled shrimp recipe. A crowd pleaser to be sure. I made a few changes that make this recipe even better. First l use tomato purée rather than tomato sauce. The purée adheres to the shrimp better than sauce. I love garlic so l use 6 minced garlic gloves instead of 3. Also l don’t discard the remaining marinade choosing to use it to baste the shrimp on each side during the cooking process. It adds a nice zing to the shrimp. Be careful while basting the skewers as the olive oil will cause the fire to flare up. Temper the flames to control the char.I use only 1 pound of shrimp as opposed to 2 the recipe calls for. Use wild caught shrimp if available. I find 10-15 or 16-20 count per pound the best shrimp to endure the intense heat of the grill. Cook 3 minutes a side and you’re done.Share with family and friends. I serve these over penne pasta with a parmesan/manchengo sauce. It's very very good together. Everyone loves it. One of our favorites! I spiralized zucchini, added strawberries and a vinaigrette to serve with this. refreshing. I used Italian seasoning instead of basil Made it as written, but in half with less shrimp. Delicious and easy. I made this with the changes listed by Aussiemum1. It was outstanding. I also saved a cup+ of sauce and simmered while shrimp were cooking. Sauce was very tasty to pour over the shrimp and brown gaba rice. I have made this recipe several times and every time I serve it the shrimp disappear.  I have a question, has any one tried this marinade on other seafood besides shrimp, if so what have they tried it on?
