Beth's Meatloaf
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/217080/beths-meat-loaf/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x5-inch loaf pan. Lightly mix beaten eggs, milk, bread crumbs, onion, salt, black pepper, and sage together in a large bowl until thoroughly combined. Gently work in ground beef until mixed; press the meat mixture into the prepared loaf pan. Bake in the preheated oven until the meatloaf is no longer pink inside and the juices run clear, about 50 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of the loaf should read at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C). Meanwhile, mix together ketchup, brown sugar, and dry mustard powder in a bowl until the sugar has dissolved. When meatloaf is cooked, spread ketchup mixture on top and return to the oven; bake until the glaze is set, about 10 more minutes.
Incredible! I always try the recipes "as is"at first. Although I made it as the recipe instructed I put a pack of Lipton Onion Soup Mix by accident because i usually make my meatloaf that way. The taste was awesome and the meatloaf was melt-in-your-mouth. I've tried many meatloaf recipes and this has been my favorite so far. It's easy, not greasy, very flavorful (the sage really works), works cold as well as warm, and reheats great.What's different from most is the lack of ketchup or in the mix and only on the top, so it's sort like the joy you get when eating cake and get a bit of frosting instead of one homogenous bite throughout. A keeper! I can barely boil water but my partner loves meatloaf so I gave it a shot. He said it was great!Thanks for the recipe! This is a pretty good basic recipe.  I had two pounds of beef so that's what I used, and I only used a half cup of milk because it seemed pretty wet.  (I did sauté the onions with some bell pepper and garlic.)  This resulted in a meatloaf texture I prefer - so many recipes have too much bread/bread crumbs, etc.  I would say the glaze was a little too sweet for me.  Next time I will use tomato sauce instead of ketchup.  Definitely bookmarking this recipe! Great meatloaf! Easy to do easy clean up afterward. I did add a few shots of Worshester sauce to the recipe. It is a very good fairly fast dinner. Will be making this again. My husband loves this meatloaf.  I make extra to make meatballs no sauce. The best meat loaf the family has ever eaten! We did not change anything in the ingredients. MMMMMM That is the best meatloaf I have ever tasted.  My husband raved about it, too. Thank you, Beth!!! I use this recipe with plant based burger (think Beyond burger) and my meat eating husband loved it! He loves the sauce topping.I don't change anything, it's that good.
