Make-Ahead Moroccan Lamb Stew
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/217108/make-ahead-moroccan-lamb-stew/
Combine cinnamon, cumin, salt, ginger, cloves, nutmeg, turmeric, and curry powder in a large bowl. Add lamb to spice mixture and mix until well combined. Melt butter in a large pot over medium heat. Add onion and sauté until soft and just beginning to brown, 5 to 10 minutes. Add spiced lamb; cook and stir until browned and crumbly, 6 to 8 minutes. Add consommé, garbanzo beans, beef broth, chicken broth, diced tomatoes, sweet potatoes, carrots, lentils, apricots, and honey; bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and simmer until vegetables and lentils are tender, about 30 minutes. Season with pepper.
This is one of the most delicious soup/stew recipes I have ever made! I've made it several times, and I always make extra to freeze a family-sized portion. Making the spice mixture in bulk is a great idea. It saves a lot of time and we love Moroccan lamb burgers using this mixture too. I have also found this recipe to be very forgiving. I've omitted items, added stuff like kale and zucchini, tweaked the spices when I was out of one, and substituted dried cranberries, figs and raisins for the apricots in a pinch. I’ve also used less broth to make it more hearty, and served it over rice and couscous. Enjoy! Very flavorful, however... tasted like a beef stew with all that beef stock/  consomme. That made me sad.  I'll make a lamb  broth next time and try veg broth. I kept it the original recipe. Makes the whole house smell awesome. Served with warm naan bread. I'm sure this will also be good with ground beef. This recipe is easy, which I like. However we both added a tsp of harissa to our bowls and more salt. It could have used twice the spices. When I heat up the leftovers I’ll probably spice it up a bit. It’s very filling and healthy! I served it with grilled naan bread. we love this - am making again!  the best is to add the spices to your ground lamb and put in the fridge overnight! Love this and have made it several times! Served over white rice this was so good on a cold night.  It is comfort food for sure! I'm usually cautious about recipes with these spices - I just can't tolerate "heat". This combination is perfect! Flavorful & not overwhelming! This is now a fave - so easy to make!! Very tasty. Made in the instant pot. After the meat/onion/garlic was cooked on sauté mode, added the liquid and chick peas/potatoes/carrots/lentils and did pressure cook on high for 30 minutes. Turned out great. In my opinion it only needs about half the stock and consommé, I like a thicker stew. I used Mike’s Hot Honey instead of regular honey. Added garlic, which I don’t cook without 😊. This gets rave reviews from our family. I’ve substituted homemade Pho broth for the consommé and it came out delicious! We serve with a dollop of sour cream or Greek yogurt which balances nicely with the warm spices. It in our rotation for sure, with some saying they could eat it every week…lol. Thanks for the great recipe!!
