Roasted Pork Loin
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/21766/roasted-pork-loin/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Crush garlic with rosemary, salt, and pepper in a mortar and pestle to make a paste. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pierce meat with a sharp knife in several places and press garlic paste into the openings. Rub pork loin with the remaining garlic mixture and olive oil. Set into an oven-safe pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place pork loin into the preheated oven, turning and basting with pan liquids every 30 minutes. Cook until the pork is no longer pink in the center, 90 minutes to 2 hours. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). Remove roast to a platter and keep warm. Place pan onto the stove over medium-high heat and pour wine into it. Heat wine and stir to loosen browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Simmer for 3 to 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Slice pork loin and serve with pan juices. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO
My whole family really enjoyed this recipe. The pork was very tender and the sauce was probably the best part besides the wonderful aroma while cooking. I too reduced the cooking time to 1 hour and fifteen minutes and I even had a little over three pounds of pork loin. I also put the garlic/rosemary rub on the meat early in the morning and let it sit covered in the fridge all day. I used very little olive oil, just enough in my mini food processor to hold the rosemary and garlic together, around 2 to 3 tablespoons. My other recommendation would be to double the amount of rosemary/garlic mixture, especially when using more than 2 pounds of meat. I served this along with roasted potatoes and sauteed green beans with almonds........yum! Easy and great with sauce. My pork loin was 2 lbs but I cut a lot of fat off of one side. 1 hour was too long - next time I will check at 45 minutes. I only used 2 tbsp of oil. Thank you. Wish I found this decades ago, best cooking ever on a pork roast. Only thing I added was 15 minutes at 450 degrees F in the beginning to get the crackling started. The rub is a get flavor but the cooking time and method in this recipe will result in a very overdone pork loin. I usually wrap my pork lion tightly to hold in moisture then open and baste a couple of times at the tail end of the cooking even though recipes call for cooking uncovered because I just get better results (moist and tender). A pork loin of approx 2 lb’s would be done in less than an hour. I would recommend checking the temperature and basting at round 35-40 mins to get an idea of how far along you are the again every 5-10 mins or so depending on the temperature reading you got. Tried this tonight. Had a 3+ pound pork loin. Placed in a 350 degree oven for 60 minutes (not 90 to 120 minutes) and it was overcooked. Believe me, my over doesn't run hot, I have an oven thremo in it. It was 145 degrees in less the 60 minutes. Otherwise, it had a nice taste, but I suggest you check the internal temperature beyond 30 minutes at 350. Very dry, and while many think pork should be dry, there is no reason for that. Going to take the left overs and either make some gravy or just shred it and add BBQ sauce for sandwiches. I tried the super simple recipe with great results! the aromatics smell While it was baking was incredible. I used a remote cooking thermometer And set it to the recommended 145 degrees. The timer went off right at 57 minutes. My roast was 2.2 lbs. served with small potatoes that I roasted along with it and a side of asparagus. Delicious! This is DELICIOUS! Followed the recipe to the dot, and then covered the pork with a layer of sliced onion. The gravy I made with a bit of corn starch to make it thicker and a dash of herbes de provence because the wine I used was really strong. Served it with mashed potatoes and sauté buttered carrots and chopped onions. Hubby said it was restaurant quality and I loved it! Almost finished it all by myself. I made this for Christmas dinner instead of the usual ham. It was a big hit, and while easy was very festive looking! I used fresh rosemary instead of dried, added some dried sage, olive oil and dry vermouth to the paste, and also took the advice of another cook here and marinated the meat for a few hours in the paste. I used a roasting rack in a pan and threw in some fingerling potatoes tossed in olive oil for the last half hour of cooking, removing the aluminum foil and upping the temp to 375. I removed the potatoes to the serving platter and deglazed the roasting pan with white wine, which I mixed into a roux with a little chicken stock, and I let the meat rest on a grooved cutting board for 10 min and used the accumulated juices in the gravy. To serve I sliced the roast onto a serving tray with the potatoes arranged around the meat, poured a little gravy over it, served the rest in a boat. A very elegant yet easy meal!! If you don't care about making the gravy it is really hassle free, but since the meat is resting anyway (and I also steamed some green beans during that time) you might as well. Looking forward to seeing how the leftovers hold up. NOTE: I don't have a meat thermometer; my roast was just over 3 lbs and I cooked it for a good 2 hours to be safe. Came out perfect. I plan to make this again -- we are cutting out carbs in the new year and this would be just fine without the potatoes, maybe with some brussels sprouts instead :-) "I pureed 4 cloves of garlic, 1/2 of the rosemary, and enough olive oil to bind it together. I rubbed my pork loin w/ the paste, then put in a ziploc bag in the fridge for a few hours to marinate. YUM" I cooked this loin in a roaster oven with vegetables. I placed baby carrots (about a pound), chopped potatoes (about 2 pounds), 2 chopped onions, and a couple of chopped garlic cloves tossed with olive oil on the bottom of the roaster and then placed the pork with the rub on top. I had to cook the pork loin 70 minutes, perhaps it took longer because of the extra ingredients, but I used to meat thermometer to check for doneness. I removed everything from the roaster when the meat was at the proper temperature and then made the sauce according to the recipe. The meat came out tender and with a deliciously savory rub, and the vegetables were a wonderful accompaniment. I reheated the meat three times for subsequent meals and it still was tender and savory. Very moist & FULL of taste! Made it for my husband for valentines day! Here's some tips!1.) Always use your meat thermometer, if your loin is not moist, you probably overcooked it, all ovens and bake times vary...you paid good money for your meat, so cook accordingly! If you buy a loin that is packaged as one, but opens into two, Seperate them & roast side bey side. Stick the thermometer in the largest lion. I always take mine out at 165 degrees.2.) I used Sherry as my wine. I poured the sherry in the pan with my loin, and afterwards added a little chicken stock and cornstarch for EXCELLENT gravy!!!3.) While you have out the Sherry, reduce some mushrooms in Sherry, YUM!This is a recipe that is too tasteful and easy to pass up!!!! Best pork lion I’ve ever made. I really liked this recipe. I have a problem with my pork roast coming out dry. This recipe is easy to follow and helped me make a delicious meal for my family. Easy and tasty 😋 The rosemary is a little overpowering, but the meat was succulent.  (I used a Meater wireless meat thermometer. ) Thanks for the recipe. this was easy and everyone loved it!So tired of people telling all the changes and rating- rate the recipe as is or post your own version so we can all be negative to you! geez!  If you hate garlic then do not try a recipe that calls gor garlic and dis on it! I followed the recipe and did not like the rub and especially didn't like the wine finish.  Don't get me wrong, I love rosemary, garlic and especially wine but I won't use this recipe again. We just made this and it was wonderful!!! We added fennel to the spice mix because we love the flavor, picked fresh rosemary from our bush in the kitchen!We put it in a 9" heavy cake pan, uncovered. After the first 30 minutes, turned it over, but not much to baste with so we added some wine and butter.Total time was a but over 1.5 hours, and by that time the drippings had burned.Next time I would add some water and watch it close than every 30 minutes. We took it out at 155 degrees. it was perfect!!! I did the recipe as directed. I didn't have wine in the house, so that is the only ingredient I didn't use. This pork loin turned out spectacular
