Ginger Marmalade
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/217783/ginger-marmalade/
Divide the ginger in half, and chop half into cubes; shred the other half with a box grater or in a food processor using the shredding blade. Total ginger should equal 3 cups. Place the ginger into a large saucepan with water over medium heat, bring to a boil, and reduce heat to a simmer. Cover the pot, and simmer the ginger until tender, about 1 hour and 15 minutes. Add more water if needed to keep mixture from drying out. Pour the cooked ginger into a fine-mesh strainer, drain, and retain 1/2 cup of the ginger-flavored water. Place the cooked ginger in a bowl with the retained liquid, and cool at least 4 hours or overnight in refrigerator. When ginger is thoroughly cooled, place into a large, heavy-bottomed pot, and stir in the sugar; bring to a boil over medium-high heat, and boil hard for 1 minute, stirring constantly. Stir in the pouch of liquid pectin, reduce heat to a simmer, and cook for 7 more minutes, skimming foam from top of marmalade. Sterilize the canning jars and lids in boiling water for at least 5 minutes. Pack the marmalade into the hot, sterilized jars, filling the jars to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a knife or a thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids, and screw on rings. Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil over high heat, then carefully lower the jars into the pot using a holder. Leave a 2 inch space between the jars. Pour in more boiling water if necessary until the water level is at least 1 inch above the tops of the jars. Bring the water to a full boil, cover the pot, and process for 15 minutes. Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool. Once cool, press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Store in a cool, dark area.
I made this on the weekend and it is the most flavourful ginger marmalade that I have ever tasted. I made one minor change to the directions on this marmalade because I have been making jam for years and years so after I added the pectin, I removed the pot from the heat and stirred and skimmed for 7 minutes instead of turning the pot to a simmer and cooking an additional 7 minutes with the pectin added to the pot.This is what I do with the other jams and marmalades that I have made. I also didn't use the hot water bath in the recipe. I sterilized my jars by washing them in hot soapy water and rinsing in clean water, then I placed them in a pre heated 225 degree oven for 10 minutes. I washed the lids the same way and boiled them for 1 minute to sterilize. I poured the hot marmalade into the warm jars and immediately put the lid on and tightened. I have used this sterilization method for years and found that it is so quick and easy. This recipe made 2 1/2 500ml jam jars for me. Really quite marvelous. Although it calls for 3-1/2 cups of peeled ginger, the real goal is to get 3 cups of cubed (or grated) ginger. For me, this was between 1-1/2 and 2 pounds worth. I did freeze my ginger overnight, based on a previous review, hoping to minimize the problem of its being too fibrous. I also resorted to simply chopping the ginger quite finely in a food processor rather than y cutting it into tiny cubes or manually grating it.I'm new to jam-and-jelly making, and my success on previous recipes is rather mixed - sometimes my jam sets up, other times it ends up so case-hardened it can't easily be spread. My reading on the subject indicates that a proper set is a pretty complex dance between sugar, pectin, acidity and heat, and that modifications to any of these factors may cause problems. Based on this, I did a "drop test" about every 2 minutes into the cooking, dropping a spoonful of the liquid onto a glass saucer that had been stored overnight in the freezer, looking 1 to 3 minutes after that to see if this sample showed signs of setting. For me, seven minutes wasn't sufficient. At 12 minutes, it still didn't seem to be showing any sign of setting, so I added the juice and zest of one large lemon, and cooked it for another three minutes. After that, it seemed to working.After I put it into jars and processed it and let it cool, I was concerned that it actually hadn't set, but after several days, I found that it had achieved a soft set. I will probably be doing a bit more experimenting on my next  batch - maybe trying a different type of pectin, or adding more lemon, and putting it in at the beginning of the process. But I do count this, my first try, as a success, and positively love the marmalade. I followed this recipe to the letter. The marmalade didn't set up, so the next day, I emptied the jars back into the pot, heated it up and added another sleeve of pectin, simmering for 10 minutes. I re-processed the jars, and the marmalade again did not set up. For all the work of peeling and chopping so much ginger, this is a huge disappointment. Loved this recipe. Followed it without any adjustments to ingredients. I did adjust preparation of the ginger root. After I read a British article on ginger I froze the peeled ginger for 24 hours before use. Freezing helps break down the fiber of the root. Worked like a charm. I liked how easy it was to make. I used a powdered pectin instead of the liquid packet.  I realized that I was able to amp up the zesty flavor by adding more of the left over water from simmering the ginger. Which I did. I also added the juice and zest of two Meyer lemons which gave the flavor more depth.Keep in mind the final consistency is more jam than jelly. Over all very pleased with the results and flavor! Great recipe,I grated all ginger using coarse microplane(food processor grater clogged too easily) boiled jam for longer than recipe to jam setting point,then bottled and sterilised as per recipe. It set beautifully and looks divine. Absolutely love this.  Never ate ginger like this before.  Sweet with a little bite. Although I would call this jam not marmalade it is an excellent recipe. I don't use a box grater as this makes the ginger stringy. I use my food processor only. Also I save the ginger water for drinks and save the peels for later. When I have finished with the ginger water, I mix it with other juice. I boil the saved peels and repeat. Thanks for the recipe. Also I store it in any container as I use it quite quickly and it is fine in the fridge. Marmalade and cordial! I kept the liquid after you strain the fruit, mixed the liquid half and half with sugar and make a delicious cordial! You could also use it as a sweet hot tea.  Instead of liquid pectin I used 2 tablespoons powdered pectin. I didn't cool the mixture either, just strained it after cooking, added the powdered pectin, boiled a few minutes then added the sugar and hard boiled for another seven minutes. It turned out really well! I will make it again for sure. First time making jam or marmalade and this turned out FABULOUS!  After reading reviews I decided to food process all the ginger into little bits rather than making a grated+cube mix.  I boiled it until I only had a little liquid left to make sure the ginger was starting to get tender (this took over an hour as stated in instructions, regardless of the ginger being in bits)l and not larger chunks).  I let it cool as instructed then made my pectin mixture, since I bought Sure-Jell pectin powder instead of liquid.  Then, I added 4 cups of sugar instead of 5 and let that simmer for a really long time on low until the liquid from sugar decreased then added my pectin.  I let that simmer for a while.
