Ranch Chicken Tacos
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/217890/ranch-chicken-tacos/
Combine ranch dressing, sour cream, 1 teaspoon taco seasoning, and salsa in a small bowl. Cover and refrigerate until serving. Toss chicken with remaining taco seasoning. Cover bowl loosely with wax paper or plastic wrap. Microwave chicken until chicken is heated through, about 2 to 3 minutes. Warm tortillas in a skillet for about a minute on each side to make them pliable. Place a scoop of chicken on the tortilla and top with lettuce, tomato, green onion, olives, avocado, cheese, and a spoonful of the ranch dressing mixture.
My husband loves anything with "ranch" so I decided to try this. However I had a different take on it. I didn't warm the chicken in the microwave and made these into wrap sandwiches with flour tortillas vs. making these into tacos. I used pico de gallo vs. salsa and "Taco Seasoning II" from this site vs. a packaged seasoning mix. I left out the olives and instead thought what works best with ranch, lettuce and tomato - Bacon of course! So I added a few slices of bacon to each wrap along with the avocado slices and shredded cheddar cheese - YUM! This recipe is really for the sauce as chicken tacos are not exactly hard or unique and the toppings you choose are based off the individual preferences. I chose to slow cook the chicken with the seasoning in the crockpot vs microwave.  You can also boil or saute if that is preferred. Going back to the sauce; it’s really good and is the reason I chose to try this. Glad I did! Depending on the heat level of the salsa - the combo with the ranch + sour cream (and I like mine hot!) creates a cool burn.  I will definitely make this sauce again! Thanks Joan! Other than using homemade taco seasoning and cooked skinless chicken breasts instead of rotiserie chicken, I made this recipe as written. The directions were easy to follow and the results was a very tasty meal. I will definitely make this again. These are great! Quick, easy and yummy!  My 3 points of cooking. Great recipe. First time to make this. We really enjoyed it. The only changes I made to the sauce was to use hot (instead of mild) salsa, added some red pepper flakes (leftover from the previous pizza night) and the rest of a package of 'real' bacon pieces. I also added a couple spoonfuls of tomato puree (because I had some extra in the fridge) to the chicken mixture. Puree or not, mix the taco seasoning with the chicken to give the moisture from the chicken time to rehydrate the seasonings in the taco seasonings, otherwise you might get crunchy pieces at mealtime. Overall, it was a good recipe and I'd definitely make it again. We didn’t find these tacos to be anything special. Just average tacos Easy and good, make adjustments to your liking
