Grilled Pork Loin Chops
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/218075/grilled-pork-loin-chops/
Whisk honey, soy sauce, Worcestershire sauce, brown sugar, garlic, ketchup, ginger, onion powder, cinnamon, and cayenne pepper together in a bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour 1/2 of the marinade into a large resealable plastic bag; add chops, coat with the marinade, squeeze out excess air, and seal the bag. Marinate in the refrigerator, turning occasionally, for 4 to 8 hours. Refrigerate remaining marinade in the bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat an outdoor grill for medium heat, and lightly oil the grate. Remove pork chops from marinade and shake off excess. Discard the marinade from the plastic bag. Grill chops on the preheated grill, basting with some of the reserved marinade until meat is browned, no longer pink inside, and shows good grill marks, 8 to 10 minutes per side. A meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of a chop should read at least 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour remaining reserved marinade into a saucepan over medium heat, bring to a boil, and reduce heat to a simmer. Cook marinade until slightly thickened, about 5 minutes, stirring constantly; serve sauce with chops. otdash Meredith Food Studio
These were tasty and my husband & daughter really liked them...however, as written this is a 4 star in my book due to the ginger. The ginger amount really needs to be decreased unless you love ginger. As written, the ginger overpowers. Next time, I will decrease the ginger. With this change they should be perfect. Let me just tell you…..this was an amazing recipe. My guys absolutely keep raving about it. Fun fact I only marinated it for 20 minutes and they flavors popped. This will have to be an every other week thing. Boys are still drooling over it 😊 The juiciest pork chops I've ever had....great recipe!! Love the mix of sweet and spice. This is a go-to recipe for me wonderful taste best ever I have made this for years and it is SO flavorful. Other than pulled this is the only way I eat pork now. This is our favorite pork recipe.  Reserve a portion of the marinade and cook it to use as a sauce over the cooked pork.  I use pork tenderloins rather than chops and serve with cooked apples.   Delicious !!! You might want to increase the onion powder to 1 teaspoon and the2 cloves of garlic to 3 cloves. ENJOY This was AMAZING!  I didn't change a thing, and it was spectacular!  Half of the marinade, thickened, was just the right amount to spread on the chops for serving.  Thank you for a real keeper of a recipe!I was told they were the best pork chops ever eaten! Flavors are amazing! This is my new favorite pork chop recipe. Cooked it as suggested and it came out perfect and juicy. The only things i changed was using about a teaspoon and a half of fresh ginger. The first time i made it there wasnt nearly enough marinade for the porkchops, the baste and the reduction, so tonight i quadrupled the marinade so i can actually have some for the delicious sauce. 10/10
