Momma Pritchett's Grilled Pork Chops and Apple Pear Topping
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/218073/momma-pritchetts-grilled-pork-chops-and-apple-pear-topping/
In a large bowl, mix together 1 cup brown sugar, soy sauce, orange juice, brown mustard, honey, Worcestershire sauce, black pepper, and cumin until thoroughly combined and sugar has dissolved. Place pork chops into the bowl and spoon marinade over to cover. Let stand at room temperature for 45 minutes to 1 hour. Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil the grate. Remove chops from marinade and shake off excess. Discard remaining marinade. Grill chops on the preheated grill until browned, showing good grill marks, and no longer pink in the center, about 8 minutes per side. Squeeze lime juice over chops as they grill. An instant-read meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of a chop should read at least 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). Melt butter in a large skillet over high heat, then stir in 1 tablespoon brown sugar and cinnamon; bring mixture to a boil, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Stir in apple and pear slices and cook, stirring often, until fruit is coated with butter mixture and softened but not mushy, about 5 minutes. Transfer apple and pear slices to a grilling basket. Cook fruit slices on the grill until browned, about 5 minutes. Serve grilled fruit with pork chops.
Mouth-watering, juicy pork tender loin. I made this for myself and the kids and was sad I didn't have another adult there to enjoy this fabulous meal. This is the type of recipe you do to impress the in-laws. Will surely make this again! Apple and pears were sweet but delicious. Counered with some lime, paprika and red pepper in the pork chop marinade. Let chops marinate for a little more than an hour. Will marinate longer next time. There will be a next time. Very tasty, although way too much marinade as observed by others. I made 4 pork chops and reduced marinade by half - kind of a waste of ingredients unless you had plans for the rest of it. I cooked on my George Foreman and my 3 and 5 year old grandkids loved them. I cooked the apples and pears in skillet as directed but didn’t put them on the grill - they were delicious anyway! I am saving this recipe for barbecue weather as I think they will even be tastier! Thanks! YUMMYY...Super easy and DEELISH !! This is delicious!  I thickened up some of the marinade for a great sauce. Also, I didn't have pears but I did have pineapple. So good! This was a fabulous recipe! My whole family really enjoyed and I will be making again Quite good, but wayyyy too much marinade.  Even half the quantities would be plenty enough.  Will probably make it again. yes!  Fruit and pork was wonderful. I didn't have any cinnamon  so I used Allspice instead. I will definitely be making this one again. My hubby is a picky eater and loved this recipe. Thanks for sharing. Really delicious. I used a pork tenderloin. Not sure about grilling the fruit or drizzling the lime juice. I did and I’m not sure that added anything. Fruit was good right out of the sauté pan. Everyone came back for seconds and extra topping.
