Asian Marinated Pork Chops
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/218072/asian-marinated-pork-chops/
Place soy sauce, brown sugar, garlic, ginger, cumin, and red chili paste in a large, heavy resealable plastic bag. Smash the bag a few times with your fingers to mix all the ingredients thoroughly and dissolve the brown sugar. Place pork chops into the marinade and seal the bag. Allow to marinate for 30 to 45 minutes. Preheat an outdoor grill for medium heat and lightly oil the grate. Remove pork chops from marinade; discard marinade. Shake off excess marinade and grill pork chops until browned and no longer pink inside, 5 to 7 minutes per side. The chops should show good grill marks and an instant-read meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of a chop should read at least 145 degrees F (63 degrees C).
My wife made this for our family of 5 - all of our kids loved it. My opinion may be biased, due to the fact that it was made by the most amazing, beautiful, loving and caring woman who also happens to be a fantastic cook, but these chops rock. Cant wait to have them again! :) Lots of flavour in this recipe. It was almost too strong for our families taste. Next time I will make it with half the cumin and 1/2 or 3/4 cups of soy sauce. It was great although our family has different taste. Use boneless chops. I've tried different marinades for pork chops but this the best  it's simple and quick but be sure  you use  a meat mallet with a waffle edge . Pound both sides until a little tender This was absolutely delicious! We followed the recipe exactly and it was gobbled up by my family quickly.In the future, I may add a bit more brown sugar, but that's personal preference. Definitely try this recipe exactly before adjusting it to your personal preference.  You won't be disappointed. So tasty!!  I don’t know what I was thinking but read Thai red curry paste instead of called for roasted chili paste. Turns out it made the dish fabulous!!  I’ll try with called for ingredients next time but actually, may continue with Thai red curry paste!!  I marinated a few hours, scraped off marinade then grilled. Reduced the marinade on stove and used as a sauce and it was great!! No changes to ingredients except I used 1-1/2" thick chops so I cooked them 7 minutes per side.   Divine! The reason for four instead of five is that I think I can do it better next time. I was in a bit of a rush but I think I can tighten it up and make it better. To which I am cooking the recipe again tomorrow night because it's really, really good, This marinade is amazing!!! I too sort of improvised the measurements and none of these ingredients compete.  Will definitely make again. Going to try it with chicken! Everyone loved this.  Even my daughter ate it and she hates pork.  I added about 1/4 cup of vegetable oil just because I had a lot of pork chops and needed it to cover all of them in the bag.  I also didn't have the chili paste so used cayenne pepper instead. These were great! I left out the red chili paste bc I didn't have any and added a sprinkle of cayenne in its place but honestly couldn't even tell it was there. I used all the other ingredients although I did adjust the amounts. I used one part soy sauce to one part brown sugar(half cup each) and a tsp. of cumin. Everything else the same. Cooked them in the slow cooker in all that goodness and spooned the sauce over white rice.  Mom and son both loved them! Definitely a keeper. Can't wait to try it with the red chili paste. I can only imagine the depth of flavor it will give!
