Marinated Pretzels
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/21829/marinated-pretzels/
Break the pretzels into a large bowl. Blend olive oil, ranch-style dressing mix, garlic powder, and dill weed in a medium bowl; pour the mixture over pretzels. Let pretzels marinate for 1 hour, tossing approximately every 10 minutes. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spread marinated pretzels on a large cookie sheet. Bake in the preheated oven for 8 to 10 minutes. Allow the pretzels to cool, then serve.
I make these all the time but the cook time and meaurements are different. I use about 3/4 of a pound bag of pretzels, 1 package of ranch, 1 tablesspoon garlic powder and 1 tablespoon of dried dill and definitely not olive oil! Use vegetable oil and use just slightly over 1/2 a cup. Cook at 250 and stir to coat every 15 minutes for 1 hour. I promise they will be perfection. I have made them for years and they have been a hit, each and every time. I really enjoyed this recipe! This recipe is super yummy as is. I remember my grandma used Reddenbockers (sp?) popping oil as the main oil instead, but EVOO works, too. Easy recipe just like grandma used to make! I made them with the ranch, 1 Tbl. Garlic powder and 1 TblDill. I used 1/2 cup canola oil.  I let them marinade for 1 hour and then put them in the microwave for 3 minutes but stirring after every minute. Delicious! Made it according to the recipe the first time, and brought it to a party for friends to try.  The general consensus was positive and they are definitely good with a cold beer.  I fwlt it was too heavy on the garlic.  I have since made them two more times, both times lessening the garlic powder from 3 T to 1 T and then adding 2 T of other salted spice mixes.  Tried Penzey's Fox Point - excellent.  Also tried We Dat's Original - also excellent.  I'm going to continue to experiment, using these ratios, as these pretzels are turning out great.  I've have been baking for 15 minutes at 250 degrees to avoid over browning.  Thanks for posting this recipe!  I encourage others to try it and experiment a little! Taste great with honey wheat pretzels. My entire family loved this recipe as is! I followed the recipe exactly. In my opinion, there was too much oil and way too much garlic. If I were to do these again, I would use vegetable oil, 1 tsp garlic and cut the dill in half. These are going in the trash. My favorite pretzels! Reduce oven temperature to 250 and baked for 5 min
