Greek Couscous Salad
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/218225/greek-couscous/
Pour water and chicken broth into a saucepan; stir in the garlic and bring to a boil. Stir in pearl couscous, cover the pan, and remove from heat. Allow couscous to stand until water has been absorbed, about 5 minutes; fluff with a fork. Allow couscous to cool to warm temperature. Lightly toss couscous, chickpeas, sun-dried tomatoes, olives, and feta cheese in a large serving bowl. To make the dressing: Mix white wine vinegar, lemon juice, oregano, and black pepper in a small bowl until well combined. Pour over couscous mixture; toss again to serve.
This dish was great. I have made something similar before with orzo instead of couscous but couscous is outstanding and looks very pretty on the plate. I did use whole wheat couscous, and because it is dark the other ingredients didn't stand out as much. Regardless, it was pretty to look at and delicious. I also used all chicken broth (3/4 cup) , no water. As is, this is a very light lunch but if you cook some chicken breasts strips on the side seasoned with salt and pepper you can make this a more filling dinner entree. I say "salt and pepper" because the flavors in this couscous are complex enough and a heavy seasoned chicken might be a bit too much. Of course, it depends on your own personal taste and that of your family. Opa!! I really loved this. But - next time, I'll add some chicken from a rotiserie chicken and some red onion - and maybe a little more feta cheese. It was very tasty! I did like it.  I didn't have the chickpeas, sun-dried tomatoes or olives (which I am not a huge fan of), so I can't say what that flavor profile would have been then, but I know what they all taste like individually.  I think the salty/sweet would be interesting, but I only had what I had. I subbed 3/4 of a can of rotel diced tomato which gave it a kick and did everything else the same.  Like a said, I did like it, and certainly may give the full recipe a try once I have the complete ingredients. Excellent.  I did not have garbanzo bean but used a can of kidney beans.  I also used a can of Rotel spicy tomatoes.  Super good. This meal was so delicious, a new family favorite. Great recipe! I made some changes because of what I had on hand. I substituted Quinoa for the Couscous,  used all lemon juice instead of the lemon juice and white vinegar, omitted the cucumbers (though I wish I’d had some as I’ve made it before with the cukes and it was delish!), and added some different varieties of cherry/pear tomatoes - quartered.Fast and easy, and very yummy! So quick and easy to make but really quite tasty. Took advice about using all chicken broth/no water. Only other change I made was using red wine vinegar because that's what I had on hand. Will definitely make again. Excellent texture and flavor. Everyone loved it! I can't say I love this recipe but it's okay. Used tri-color couscous because I already had it on hand. I used a full can of garbanzo beans rather than measuring out a cup. I didn't measure the feta, just added a bunch til it looked good. And I used vegetable broth instead of chicken because I don't eat meat. I'm not sure what I don't love about this honestly, but I don't think I'll make it again.
