Romanian Apple Cake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/21838/romanian-apple-cake/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9x13-inch pan. Cut the apples into 1-inch wedges; set aside. In a large bowl, whisk eggs and sugar together until blended. Mix in baking soda, oil, cinnamon, and vanilla. Stir in flour until just incorporated. Fold in apples and walnuts. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven for 55 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Allow to cool slightly; this cake is best served warm or at room temperature.
This recipe is wonderful! I live in Holland and they do not sell vegetable oil like they do at home in America, so I had to use corn oil and it turned out perfectly. I used Braeburn apples since our choice of apples are not the same as they are in the states. I think using Braeburn apples was far better than the typical American apples I've grown up eating. This cake is even better the next day when kept in an air-tight container; it actually makes the cake more moist. I used the walnuts like it called for, but I made this again a week later and did not use them. I'm not a fan of nuts in recipes, but I think this recipe is perfect with the nuts but even better without them!! Simple ingredients, easy to make and absolutely delicious. I couldn't ask for any better! ***After consulting my neighbor who happens to have moved to Holland from Romania, she told me that this in it's traditional Romanian form does NOT involve walnuts at all. Just thought I'd pass that bit of information along.*** Love this cake, made it as written, I've been making this cake for decades and it always turns out perfect.  Yes the batter looks lumpy and thick but as it bakes and the apples release their moisture the cake cooks up absolutely moist and delicious.... Good but not as moist as I'd hoped. Made this to the T for my wife and it was Super Delicious and easy to prepare. Highly recommended This is almost the same exact as my mom's recipe. Growing up, she would make this for us. Except the apple were cubed into small pieces. Being romanian, I appreciate and love this simple cake. As an American, I understand that this may be too plain of a cake for some. This is not a overly sweet cake. But simple and good for the fall and winter season. Loved it! Followed recipe with the addition of 1 tsp. of salt.  Nice and moist and not too sweet.  Did not add the nuts but will try adding raisins and/or dried cranberries next time. Will definitely make it again. Very nice apple cake. I did add a pinch of salt and grated some ginger into the apple for a bit of spice. Made it today and it came out great. I did add a pinch of salt to balance the flavors.  Next time I would slice the apples a bit thinner and use a touch of the sugar and cinnamon used in this recipe to coat the apples while they sit waiting to be added. I used a 10 inch round spring form pan. And baked for about 47 minutes. When mostly cooled I added drizzled a glaze over the cake The only reason I didn't give this five stars is that it NEEDS SALT.  I made a note to myself to put in some salt based on another critique, but I forgot.   Now I am SURE it needs salt.  I would be too embarrassed to serve this to connoisseurs but luckily it's for some folks who appreciate any home-cooked food.  Also, make sure to check with a toothpick no later than 50 minutes.  I checked at slightly less than 50 and it was already done.  Phew.  I added frozen cherries and cut down slightly on the apple and this is a delicious combo.
