Ice Cream Cupcakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/218314/ice-cream-cupcakes/
Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease or line 24 cupcake or muffin cups with paper baking liners. Stir cake mix, water, oil and eggs in large bowl until moistened. Beat with a mixer on medium speed for 2 minutes or whisk by hand for 2 minutes. Drop 2 tablespoons of batter into each cupcake cup. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the cake comes clean, about 8 to 10 minutes. When the cupcakes have cooled completely, cover and freeze until hard, about 4 hours. Spoon about 1/2 cup of the softened ice cream into each cup and gently pack it into the cup. Cover and return to the freezer until frozen, about 4 hours. Frost the cupcakes with the prepared frosting and serve.
I am the submitter of this recipe and I noticed AR changed a few things from my original submission so I wanted to add a few notes: If you make an entire box of cake mix, you will have a substantial amount of batter left over. I made mine into a 8" cake. Watch the time on the cupcakes. Follow the cake mix directions on the back of the box (don't use 3 eggs unless yours says too). Ice cream shell would be great for a frosting substitute on these if you prefer! Delicious!  I did find that 2 tablespoons of cake mix was too much and I had to cut the tops off the cake portions after they were frozen and before adding the ice cream. Other than that followed directions perfectly. I did half vanilla and half chocolate chip mint. Yummy It was great the ice cream was nice and it was easy to make This was really good.  I decided to try a different approach the second time around.  I split a box of cake mix between 2 13 x 9 pans.  After they cooled I wrapped them in plastic wrap and frozen them over night.  The next day I placed one in the bottome of a 13 x 9 pan then spread almost a gallon of softened ice cream on that.  I topped it with the 2nd frozen cake.  I wrapped the pan with plastic wrap and refroze.  When I served it, I served a slice with whipped cream, chocoate sauce and a cherry.  Everyone LOVED this both ways I made it.  :)  Thanks for a great idea. I am the submitter of this recipe and I noticed AR changed a few things from my original submission so I wanted to add a few notes:  If you make an entire box of cake mix, you will have a substantial amount of batter left over.  I made mine into a 8" cake. Watch the time on the cupcakes.  Follow the cake mix directions on the back of the box (don't use 3 eggs unless yours says too).  Ice cream shell would be great for a frosting substitute on these if you prefer!
