Lengenberg's Boiled Potatoes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/218445/lengenbergs-boiled-potatoes/
Place potatoes in a large pot and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain. Sprinkle on parsley and serve hot.
As recipes go this isn't much of a recipe - but I do have to say, you need more than a pinch of salt when cooking potatoes. Just like my German oma used to make them. Absolutely perfect! This is a perfect example of what I have said about German food since I started reading German recipes. I was stationed in Germany in the early 60's and ate most meals away from our mess hall. German cooking is very basic, for the most part. It is based on simple ingredients and marvelous cooking technique. Simple and delicious! Also, "a pinch" is a very imprecise measurement. Perhaps "eine Prise" (a pinch in German) is larger than here. The point is to salt the water.  There are many cookbooks that have been translated from the original German to English. In our country we have a tendency to bastardize everything and call it authentic. We need to spend more time with recipes from real German chefs like Chef Uli! Just my two cents from an American Germanophile. Great recipe! I know this seems very simple and elementary, but I’m gonna be honest here. I have been roasting, pan frying, microwaving, even deep frying potatoes for so long, I had kind of forgotten how I used to boil potatoes.?? The instructions here were perfect, and just what I needed! For those of us that love to cook and cook all the time, it’s sometimes easy to forget that some of us actually do need instructions for some of the basics every now and then?.? So it is just boiled potatoes with parsley.Please don't waste a cook's time. Post when you learn how to. Delicious! I remember my mother making potatoes like this to go with various meals. I normally would peel the potatoes before cooking, but this time I just cut into chunks (after scrubbing). So much easier. I did add some 'I Can't Believe It's Not Butter' and more than a pinch of salt. Only had dried parsley now, but it will be better with fresh. That's all that this simple dish needs. I had it with some kapusta (cabbage and saurekraut) and kielbasa that I made. I can't belive I just learned how to cook potatoes like this. My kids (and their parents) loved them. I've made them 3 times in a week. No complaints here! Pretty simple potatoes, but I did add some pepper to mine as well. I grew up eating "Parsley Potatoes." I love it. The only difference was that we always had melted butter to pour over it. That's how I make it. Exactly as written then melt some butter (or I Can't Believe It's Not Butter) and pour on as little...or as much...as you want. Great recipe and great simple, hearty food from our German ancestors. My daughter who normally does not eat potatoes  loved this recipe! Thanks for sharing this we all enjoyed them!
