Caramel Macchiato Banana Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/218541/caramel-macchiato-banana-bread/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray a 9x5-inch loaf pan with cooking spray. Whisk flour, baking soda, baking powder, cinnamon, and salt together in a bowl. Mash bananas in a large mixing bowl with a fork until almost smooth. Stir in coffee creamer, sugar, oil, eggs, and instant coffee granules until coffee granules have dissolved. Gradually stir in flour mixture, about 1/2 cup at a time, until batter is almost smooth. Pour batter into the prepared loaf pan. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center of the loaf comes out clean, about 1 hour. Allow to cool before removing from pan, about 30 minutes. While the bread is cooling, melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Mix in brown sugar and vanilla and bring to a boil, stirring to dissolve sugar. Reduce the heat and simmer syrup for 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool to a warm but liquid temperature. Pour glaze over cooled banana bread. Serve when glaze has set.
I'm the submitter of this recipe, and I thought I'd give a few tips and pointers! First, this recipe is very versatile. I tried many different measures of the coffee and sugar and they all worked just fine, I settled on the final measurements just as a personal preference. If you like strong coffee flavor, you can easily add more coffee granules. If you like it more or less sweet, you can add more or less sugar. It's up to you! Also, I always use really ripe bananas. The blacker the better! As for the glaze, I've never had a problem with it, it always comes out just fine. So here's my advice. Make sure you PACK the brown sugar. If you are having problems with the glaze separating, then you might not have enough brown sugar, you can try adding a touch more. Make sure you bring it up to a full boil and simmer for at least 2 minutes (that's usually what I do). I let it cool only long enough for it to stop bubbling, then pour it over the loaf. I just tried tonight adding the vanilla after boiling, and that works great too. Good luck! And I hope you enjoy this bread as much as my family and friends do! I really enjoyed this bread.  I feel like you could add raisins or nuts this as well.I didn't have the Caramel Macchiato creamer.  I made my own "creamer" with milk and caramel sauce.  I also had issues with the topping separating.  I am pretty sure it was the "butter" I was using.  You really need to use real butter.  I added a bit of milk to my mixture and that solved the problem for me. Overall, it was moist and tasted great! Horrible waste of ingredients and effort. No banana taste. No coffee taste and dry. If whole wheat bread were a cake, this would be it. I followed the directions exactly. The glaze was good. Ok. Dianne the submitter of this recipe is 100 % right when she said that this recipe is very easy and versatile. I messed up this recipe after coming up 1/3 cup short of sugar and put the Ingredients for the glaze into the cake before I realized my mistake. I went ahead and made the glaze and finished the banana bread.  It turned out delicious and a big hit with my colleagues. Can’t wait to make it again! It was great! I made it gluten free, by substitutingPresident's Choice Gf all purpose flour for regular wheat flour. I used Southern Butter Pecan flavour for the coffee creamer. Tender and delicious! Really moist and good! I love banana bread and cake and I also love the carmel macchiato creamer so putting the 2 together I just had to try and I really liked it. I will definitely keep this recipe 😋 I've made this bread twice. Both times, I had to bake it 70-75 minutes instead of the hour stated in the recipe. It's a nice mix of banana and coffee, but I can't taste the caramel - which is a shame, since I had to buy a quart of creamer for just the 1/2 cup needed, and it was nearly $4.00! Also, the recipe calls for just "brown sugar" in the glaze; I used dark brown, which is what I keep in the house, and it was a bit much. I don't know if I'll work with the recipe and try it again, but it was a nice idea, and thanks for sharing! Each time I make this with ripe bananas that need to almost be tossed out, everyone loves it.  I agree it can use the extra banana and is very versatile. I followed recipe as is, and although it’s nice and moist, I didn’t find anything special about the banana bread, like I was hoping with the creamer and instant coffee added.
