Aunt Ruth's Crab Cakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/218693/aunt-ruths-crab-cakes/
Stir together crushed crackers and water in a large bowl. Let stand until softened, about 1 minute. Fold in crabmeat, egg, mayonnaise, and mustard. Add seafood seasoning, Worcestershire sauce, salt, and pepper; stir gently until evenly mixed. Form crab mixture into 3/4-inch-thick patties and place on a tray. Heat vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook patties in hot oil until golden brown and hot in the center, about 2 minutes per side. Drain on a paper towel-lined plate before serving.
Just made these for an appetizer for tonight's dinner...YUMMY! These are so good and easy, especially since everything is already in your fridge or cabinet! I followed the recipe exactly as written - the only thing I changed was to bake these instead of frying. Bake at 425 for 12 min., turning crab cakes halfway through cooking time. My whole family agreed these were as good as and possibly even better than served at restaurants. Chock full of crabmeat and very little filler. I would recommend using the Old Bay seasoning...gives the crab cakes that extra kick!Excellent! I posted a picture for the recipe. WAY too salty.  Don't quite know which ingredients to cut back on. Otherwise, the proportions were great to taste the crab, not fillers. My granddaughter and I made these for our Christmas Eve luncheon.  Big hit!  Kept to recipe, only change was I made 13 minis instead of 4 big ones.  I had already used half my crab for a quiche and I wanted everyone  to be able to have a tastes.  Can’t wait to make again and make normal size. My first time making crab cakes, and they were wonderful and perfect and SO easy and quick!!!  So grateful for those reviewers who included some tips. I used panko, lemon juice, added sautéed sweet onion, and broiled them, then drizzled them with a little melted butter. They looked just like the picture! Thank you!  Can’t wait to make them again! Followed the recipe precisely. First time ever to make crab cakes. They were DIVINE. Will make them again and again. I doubled the recipe because I could tell from the ingredients that everyone was going to want "one more".  I think the next time I make it, I will cut back on the mayonnaise and the lemon juice.  I also added a few extra crackers to the mixture as well.  They were wonderful! Delicious and easy to make. I broiled them for 10 minutes instead of frying. Also I put a pat of butter on each one when they came out of the oven. Wow! I followed the recipe exactly as written! Holy wow, are these good. To those who said they fell apart, I found the bigger ones fell apart and the smaller ones stayed formed. Will totally be making this on a regular basis. I made this recipe with lump crab meat. They were delicious and will rival some of the best 4-5 star restaurants. Perfect!  Simple and dominated by crab, like crab cakes should be!
