Chipotle Macaroni and Cheese
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/218698/chipotle-macaroni-and-cheese/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 3-quart casserole dish or 13x9-inch pan. Blend 2 cups half and half, chipotle pepper, bouillon cubes, and garlic in a blender or food processor until well-blended. Pour into a large saucepan; add onion powder, black pepper, remaining 2 cups of half and half, and corn starch. Stirring constantly, bring to a boil; boil and stir until very thick, about 1 minute. Remove from heat. Gradually stir in cheeses until melted. Add cooked pasta and stir until blended. Pour mixture into the prepared dish and sprinkle with desired topping. Bake until browned and bubbly around edges, 25 to 30 minutes.
Amazing. Added a bit more Chipotle peppers just for kicks and it turned out to be the perfect amount of spice! Also added some green bell peppers, onion tomato and bread crumbs on top right before baking to give some more diversity to it. Came out perfect. Thanks for the great recipe. My new go to mac and cheese! I followed the recipe exactly and it was wonderful!! Just spicy enough without being overpowering.  I will make this again! Some of my family cannot do a lot of spice so I substituted the chipotle peppers with Mrs Dash Southwest Chipotle seasoning blend. The whole bottle. It adds amazing flavor and smokiness. It’s a friend and family favorite!!  I even catered a wedding of 200 with this recipe. Not a noodle was left!!! Pretty much an ideal side dish for some nice bbq brisket My family loved it! No changes made but I will add additional chipotle peppers next time as my children wanted it spicier. I only used 4 of the 5 suggested boullion cubes, and it was still overwhelmingly salty. The flavor overpowered the chipotle. Next time I'd only use 2 cubes. Also, they tore up my food processor - I would add them straight to the cream mixture on the stove rather than blending. Chipotle is of course to taste, but if it's a flavor you enjoy I'd do at least two. It’s Hatch pepper time! One of our favorites, what a great twist on Mac and cheese! I made this recipe as written, and it was okay, but not great. It was better after we added crispy onions, but I don't think I'll make it again.
