Turkey Carcass Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/218804/turkey-carcass-soup/
Place turkey carcass into a large soup pot; pour in water and bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce heat to a simmer, and cook until the remaining meat falls off the bones, about 1 hour. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove turkey carcass from the pot. Remove and chop any remaining turkey meat. Discard carcass. otdash Meredith Food Studio Strain broth through a fine mesh strainer into a clean soup pot. Add chopped turkey to the strained broth and bring to a boil. otdash Meredith Food Studio Reduce heat and stir in tomatoes, potatoes, carrots, onion, celery, cabbage, barley, Worcestershire sauce, salt, parsley, basil, bay leaf, pepper, paprika, poultry seasoning, and thyme. Simmer until vegetables are tender, about 1 more hour. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove bay leaf before serving.
My grandmother (born 1893) learned this from her grandmother (an Irish immigrant in the 1860's), but they added a Tblsp of cider vinegar to the water with the carcass and cooked it slowly overnight on the back of the wood stove (my crock pot today) to draw the calcium from the bones. Doing this turns the broth just slightly milky and gives the soup a unique flavor. First of all picture one shows a raw turkey. Picture 2 is a roasted turkey.  I make this kind of soup whenever I roast a turkey, usually Thanksging or Christmas.  Better flavor from an already roasted bird. One of my new favorite soups. I grew up poor so nothing got wasted as far as food in our home.  My mom made many different recipes using the turkey carcass, depending on what she had available in the pantry/freezer to use.  Turkey Hash, Turkey & Rice, Turkey Veggie Soup, the ideas are almost endless.I made a recipe similar to this one several years ago when I wanted something DIFFERENT.I boiled my carcass, strained the broth, removed the meat, chopped & set aside.  I added the left over broth from baking the turkey that wasn't used to make my dressing, for more added flavor.  I don't measure my ingredients/spices but go by taste so I can't give exact amounts I used of the following:  Onions, celery, Garlic, Italian Seasoning, Worcestershire sauce,  2 Bay Leaves, S/P, a bag of frozen mixed veggies (peas/carrots/green beans) and a handful of finely chopped dehydrated lale or mixed greens and diced tomatoes, juice & all.  I let this boil til veggies are tender.  Instead of adding potatoes, I added Gnocchi (Potato Dumplings cut in half or quartered) but can be left whole if you prefer larger pieces-got at Dollar Tree for $1 a pack).  At the end I added a bottle/can of V8 juice which really gave it a kick of flavor.  Sometimes I omit the V8 juice if I don't have it on hand.  What a DELICIOUS SOUP and so simple to make.  This will make a LOT of soup so if there are leftovers and I being very frugal not to waste anything, I will either freeze single servings or pressure can to have shelf stable soup on hand.  By cutting the Gnocchi into smaller pieces this allows me to be able to pressure can and the Gnocchi dumplings don't thicken the soup where it can't be heated thru which is needed when pressure canning.  To be even more frugal, you could use any leftover veggies from your Thanksgiving/Christmas meal (corn/peas/butterbeans/greens, squash, Brussel sprouts, broccoli,  etc.). Add these last as they are already cooked and just need to be heated thru).  I generally have a bag of bits of leftover veggies from previous meals in the freezer to use in soups & use those.  In my house, WASTE NOT WANT NOT! I make it every year, and the family loves it. I do leave out the potatoes because we like to add egg noodles instead. But still delicious! I added more salt and garlic powder to the recipe. But it is flavorful and enjoyable! Delicious!!!I've tried several soups with the turkey carcass - this one is the best. It makes a boatload, so I've been giving it away! I added green beans, peas and 1 tsp vegetable bouillon for added flavor.  It is delicious!  I never thought to add tomatoes and I like it.  👍 I always have made soup out of the carcass but never had a recipe.  I wouldn't have thought about adding cabbage but since I had some leftover slaw mix I thought I'd try it.  It was a nice addition. Very good soup. I used noodles instead of barley and no potatoes.
