Chef John's Roast Turkey and Gravy
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/219079/chef-johns-roast-turkey-and-gravy/
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Mix together kosher salt, black pepper, and poultry seasoning in a small bowl. Tuck turkey wings under bird and season the cavity with about 1 tablespoon poultry seasoning mixture. Reserve remaining poultry seasoning mixture. Toss together onions, celery, and carrots in a large bowl. Stuff about 1/2 cup vegetable mixture, sage, and rosemary sprigs into the turkey cavity. Tie legs together with kitchen string. Use your fingers or a small spatula to loosen skin over turkey breast. Place about 2 tablespoons butter under skin and spread evenly. Spread remaining 6 tablespoons butter all over the outside of skin. Sprinkle turkey with remaining poultry seasoning mix. Spread remaining vegetable mixture into a large roasting pan. Place turkey on top of vegetables. Fill the pan with about 1/2 inch of water. Shape a sheet of aluminum foil over breast of turkey. Roast turkey in the preheated oven until no longer pink near the bone and the juices run clear, about 3 ½ hours. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh, near the bone, should read 165 degrees F (75 degrees C). Remove the foil during the last hour of cooking and baste turkey with pan juices. While turkey is roasting, make stock: Place neck and giblets in a medium saucepan with water and bay leaf. Simmer over medium heat for 2 hours. Strain stock and discard neck and giblets. There should be at least 4 cups of stock. Set stock aside. Remove turkey from the oven. Carefully pour pan juices, about 3 cups, into a shallow bowl. Skim off turkey fat from pan juices, reserving about 2 tablespoons fat. Set aside pan juices. Cover turkey with a doubled sheet of aluminum foil and allow to rest in a warm area for 10 to 15 minutes before slicing. While turkey is resting, make gravy: Heat 2 tablespoons reserved turkey fat and butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Transfer onion from the roasting pan into the skillet. Cook and stir until onion is browned, about 5 minutes. Stir in flour; cook and stir for about 5 minutes more. Whisk in 4 cups stock and reserved pan juices until smooth; skim off any foam. Stir in balsamic vinegar. Simmer, whisking constantly, until gravy is thickened, about 10 minutes. Stir in sage; season with salt and black pepper. ynthia Ros
I was in charge of making the turkey this last Thanksgiving and I came across this recipe. I followed the recipe exactly and I have to say it was the best Turkey we've ever had. Everyone was amazed how moist and flavorful the turkey was. This will be my turkey recipe for now on. It was perfect, I won't change a thing! First turkey I ever made and it was delightful!  Didn't have marjoram so left it out.  Had to cook it significantly longer (maybe an hour or hour and a half longer) at 325 degrees, but worth it because the bird was TENDER; 165 degrees when tested.Other than that, everything was perfect.  Success all the way around. Best turkey recipe Awesome, looked just like the picture an the taste was simply delicious. Super easy.  Spectacular results every time.  This recipe makes the perfectly seasoned turkey of your dreams.  Your family will think you're a master chef when they eat this turkey.  Sometimes I make it the day before, carve it and refrigerate it overnight.  Reheating it for the big meal makes it easier for me to manage things during the chaos of holiday meals.  And it's ALWAYS juicy.  Thanks for the recipe, Chef John.  Ever since I found this, it's the only way I do turkey. Moist turkey and the best gravy I ever had. Followed it to the letter. Best turkey I ever cooked, will never use another recipe. This came out well - as good as the better roast turkey recipes I've made. BUT...I did not watch the video and only followed the printed instructions and those do not match.The printed says nothing about an herb butter and although it calls for 1/2 c butter, it only has instructions for 1/4 c. And in the video, CJ does not explain how to make the herb butter. Would love to see both of these instructions match.Also, I wonder if the oven heat should be increased after the foil comes off as some other recipes call for. Our turkey took a _very_ long time to come to temp following 315F for the full time. Followed the recipe exactly. Loved it. The herb butter was hard to spread,  it kept sliding around. So I patted dry under the skin and then again un the out side and the herb butter went on easier. Also I couldn't find the butter recipe so I just used the left over rosemary and sage, I also had some fresh thyme so I added that and some minced garlic.
