Spaetzle, Sauerkraut, and Sausage Casserole
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/219021/spaetzle-sauerkraut-and-sausage-casserole/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a metal colander with oil. Whisk flour and salt together in a bowl. Mix eggs and water, and pour into the flour mixture. Stir to form a dough. Bring a pot of water to a boil. Place spaetzle dough into the oiled colander, and set the colander over the pot of water. Use a flexible spatula to push the dough into the boiling water through the holes in the colander. Stir the spaetzle as they boil. When they have floated to the top, they are done (about 5 minutes). Scoop the spaetzle out of the boiling water, and place into an ungreased 9x9-inch baking dish. Place the bacon in a skillet over medium heat, and cook, stirring often, until the bacon is crisp, about 8 minutes. Remove bacon, leaving drippings in pan, and set aside. Cook the onion in the same pan as the bacon until browned, about 10 minutes. In a large skillet, melt the butter over medium heat until foamy, and stir in the apple and brown sugar. Cook and stir until the apple is soft, about 5 minutes. Transfer the cooked bacon, onions, and sauerkraut into the skillet, and cook, stirring often, until the flavors have blended, about 5 minutes. Pour the sauerkraut mixture into the 9x9-inch baking dish on top of the spaetzle. Place the kielbasa pieces into a microwave-safe dish, and cook on full power in a microwave oven until the sausage is hot and has lost its pink color, 2 or 3 minutes. Transfer the sausage to the baking dish. Bake in the preheated oven until bubbling, about 15 minutes.
Was completely delicious. I wasn't totally sure about the apple, but oh yes. I didn't make my own spaetzle but rather used some store bought, and mine ended up a little dry, but that very well might have been my fault as the ratios might have been off. So next time I would probably reserve some of the pasta cooking liquid. But totally delicious! I am thinking of including this as a side on Thanksgiving :)Served with wheat beer and hard pretzels with mustard, ah-mazing! Made as directed and discovered a unique sweet & sour  flavor. A delicious and hearty dish that will be made again and again. Loved this comfort food dish! Used a genuine spatzel press found on my in-laws farm! I loved this!!!! I made it as is which was absolutely delicious. The second time I was low on sauerkraut so I added a couple sliced potatoes and cooked them with onion. Both were very good. The potato version I added a little grated cheese to the top. Both times I fried off the sausage on its own as I love the browned crunch and taste that way. We loved this.  It's a great dish to cook up and keep in the frig for leftovers.  We also enjoyed making the spaetzle, which is what drove us to try the recipe in the first place. Added a few caraway seed, but otherwise followed the recipe. Was a great hit for supper tonight! It was delicious, and I will definitely make it again. The guests enjoyed it as well! Dished turned out great. The only change I made was browning the Kielbasa with the onions and I added mushrooms. Wow! The flavor! Got my 3 under 8yrs kids to eat this! Took advise of two others: cooked kielbasa in pan, added 1/2tsp caraway to sauerkraut when cooking. Love, love, love this! I just changed up one thing. I mix it all together instead of layering it. Everything is already together. Some of the noodles might get crispy, but that’s OK!
