K-Dub's Alfredo Ravioli Bake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/219064/k-dubs-alfredo-ravioli-bake/
Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13-inch baking dish. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a rolling boil; boil the ravioli until it floats and the filling is hot, 6 to 8 minutes; drain. Melt the butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add the chicken to the skillet, season with the Italian seasoning, and cook and stir until the chicken is no longer pink in the middle, about 15 minutes. Spread about 1/2 cup Alfredo sauce into the bottom of the prepared baking dish. Arrange enough ravioli over the sauce to cover the bottom of the dish completely. Top the ravioli with about 1/2 of the cooked chicken. Sprinkle 1 cup mozzarella cheese over the chicken; season with salt and pepper. Repeat the layers until all ingredients are used. Bake in the preheated oven until heated through completely and the mozzarella cheese is melted, about 25 minutes. Sprinkle the Parmesan evenly over the top of the dish; return to the oven for 5 more minutes before serving.
DELICIOUS! I did omit the chicken, but added some sauteed mushrooms, onion and garlic in with the alfredo sauce that I made homemade. Also added a layer of homemade pesto in the middle, and that was an awesome addition. I loved the flavors/richness of this dish and the fact that you can add whatever you like and come out with a simple, yet tasty meal. Made this a bit ahead of time and just baked it when I was ready, and that worked out well. I servd this w/ a salad and garlic bread. A definite keeper! Thanks for sharing. :) Great recipe, added Parmesan along with the mozzarella on each layer. Also added an extra small jar of Alfred sauce, 16 is total I’d just not enough. Will try again using spinach and shrooms. This is one of the best recipes. I used Bertolli’s garlic Alfredo sauce and Ranna’s ravioli. I didn’t have chicken so I used some of the suggestions from other reviews; fresh mushrooms, spinach, onion and halved cherry tomatoes. I can’t wait to make it again. Very good recipe,  followed exactly, going to add spinach ,mushrooms ,garlic and onions all sauteed with the chicken should be very good Amazing !! I marinated my chicken with lemon infused olive oil, garlic, lemon juice, and seasoning. Then grilled it on the grill. Then followed the recipe. Fresh Mozzarella, fontina, and Parmesan. AMAZING 🤩 I have made this dish a few times now! It’s always a family hit!! I make this recipe often and have for years but I usually omit the chicken and add spinach to a homemade alfredo sauce (for my vegetarian granddaughter) and ocassionaly use Johnsonville spicy  Italian saugage. So many different variations possible and it's an excellant recipe. I can be made ahead of time too... Husband and two teenage boys said this was a “restaurant quality” dish!  I added sweet yellow and orange peppers, grape tomatoes?, and fresh spinach and it was amazing. Will definitely add to our meal rotation! I made this with red sauce as alfredo is pretty high in calories.  I sauteed onions, mushrooms and garlic and layered with the  italian sausage ravioli and   fresh spinach. I did not add chicken at all.  I left out the mozarella cheese and only used some grated parm on the top, again to reduce the calories and this was very good. I made it earlier in the day and then baked later.  Super easy. I did chicken and shrimp....my family loved it...said it was the best pasta dish I’ve made in awhile.
