Milly's Oatmeal Brownies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/219067/millys-oatmeal-brownies/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9x13-inch baking pan. Beat butter, brown sugar, and white sugar together in a large bowl until thoroughly combined and creamy. Beat in eggs, one at a time, mixing well after each addition. Stir in vanilla extract until combined. Stir in rolled oats, flour, chocolate chips, raisins, walnuts, baking soda, baking powder, and salt until all ingredients moistened; spread into the prepared baking pan. Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool in the pan for about 5 minutes before cutting into bars.
Even though in the recipe I say to add your choice of ingredients... (choc chips, nuts, raisins, toffee bits, etc.) the truth is that I personally prefer them with NOTHING. I love to eat them in the morning with a nice cup of creamy latte or cappuccino. That way I can enjoy the flavor of the oatmeal.... YUMMMMI am very happy you are enjoying my recipe and thanks to everyone for posting a review!!! Made these for a tailgate— they’re fine. I loooove oatmeal chocolate chip so yummy! Didn’t do the raisins bc it was for a crowd of haters, and also had to forego walnuts due to a friend’s nut allergy, however still pretty yummy! I am a sweet treat lover yet this was still a little too sweet imo. I added some flaky salt on top and that helped w the sweetness.One thing that is super important for anyone attempting this: it takes WAY LONGER to bake. In 20-25 minutes you’ll get a beautiful golden color, but it will be reeeeally underdone. Wiggling like jello when I went to take it out. I ended up having to put them back in with foil on top for an additional 10-15 minutes. Be prepared for  30-35 min bake time!!Otherwise pretty yummy! 7.5/10 I reduced the granulated sugar to a 1/4 cup and used KAF white whole wheat flour to make them healthy-ish. Healthy adjacent.  Healthy's down the street neighbor. I made these brownies for a casual dinner at our neighbors’ house. They were a big hit. Their 2-year-old loved them so much he asked for one for breakfast the following morning. Delicious and easy! I love oatmeal cookies and these didn't disappoint! Soft and chewy, faster than drop cookies - just spread batter in a pan. Perfect. I substituted monkfruit sweetener for white sugar and wheat pastry flour for white flour. I'm very happy with the results. I added some toffee bits, along with chocolate chips. Great flavor, great recipe. Thank you! Delicious but needs more time in the oven.
