Oktoberfest Chili
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/219020/oktoberfest-chili/
Cook and stir bratwurst in 1 tablespoon bacon drippings in a large skillet over medium heat until browned and no longer pink inside, about 15 minutes. Drain excess grease. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon bacon drippings in a large, deep pot over medium heat. Add onion, bell pepper, jalapeños, and garlic; cook and stir until onion is translucent, about 8 minutes. Add bratwurst to the pot; stir in red beans, petite diced tomatoes, tomato sauce, crushed tomatoes, tomato juice, sauerkraut, beer, chili powder, sugar, salt, black pepper, cumin, garlic powder, paprika, allspice, and oregano. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to a simmer; stir in milk chocolate until melted and dissolved. Simmer for 5 hours, stirring occasionally.
Wow! I made this chili for a chili feed and it turned out great! I tweaked it a little bit but the flavor was amazing! Definitely will be making it again, and recommend to others. It was judged 4th out of 30 different recipes! My husband loved this recipe. It was an easy slow cooker meal. Needed an Oktoberfest recipe for a party.  So glad I chose this one.  I loved this spin on chili.    I made it as directed and it was delicious.  Got lots of compliments from the guests.  Will definitely keep and make again. This chili was really different, tasted mellower the next day. It's very rich. Very good. I used half hot dogs and half brats (what I had) and 2 cans of tomato sauce, 1 can of diced tomatoes. That's all the tomatoes my crockpot had room for. I didn't have any chocolate candy, so used cocoa powder, about a tablespoon. I can see why this recipe has won ribbons! We made as is, but it was merely OK, and we won't be making it again. The sauerkraut combined with all the tomatoes made the underlying acidity too strong. It's certainly an original recipe, but not for us. Tastes great! I added sausage and ground beef to it as well. I made this but omitting the sauerkraut, tomato juice, tomato sauce and white sugar. I added black beans and chopped bacon. I cooked it in my crockpot for 5 hours. ?? its still on the stove so haven't tried it yet. Am I the only one who missed the chocolate part? didn't see it in the ingredients list at all! how much? what kind? Loved this strange but delicious chili! I’m German and really enjoy sauerkraut and brats. Also like a good chili so what the heck, cooked this up! My husband said it was the best chili he ever had! I’m a little with a few reviewers that mentioned too much tomato taste... next time I’ll delete some tomatoes or add more chocolate and beer I'm just a beginner when it comes to cooking and made this quite easily. So if you are having any doubts, don't fret, you can do it. And my oh my! This is the best thing I have made so far and it turned out magnificently. The best chili I've ever had. I followed the recipe precisely except I left out a half pound of brats. I will be making this again and again - hopefully when I have guests but I'm on day 3 of leftovers for myself and its still every bit as good. Enjoy!
