Chef John's Pumpkin Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/219162/chef-johns-pumpkin-bread/
In a medium bowl, stir together pumpkin puree, 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon of warm water, yeast, salt, and pumpkin pie spice. Mix in flour with a spatula until the dough is fully mixed and all the flour is moistened. Cover bowl with a damp towel, and allow dough to rise for 12-16 hours. Scrape dough onto floured surface with floured spatula; sprinkle dough with more flour. With your fingers, press dough out into a rough square about 1 inch thick. Fold all four sides of dough in towards center, then turn folded dough over and form into a round loaf. Generously cover a sheet pan with cornmeal. Place loaf on prepared sheet pan with seam sides down, dusting top and sides with flour, then place a floured towel over dough. Allow to rise until doubled in size, about 1-1/2 hours. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C) and place a pan with 2 inches of water on the bottom rack. Just before baking, make a shallow slice (1/2 inch) across top of dough with a sharp knife. Bake for 30 minutes in preheated oven. Turn pan around and bake for an additional 20 minutes, or until golden brown. Cool on a wire rack.
Oh ya, this is a keeper. I used roasted butternut squash from my garden instead of the canned pumpkin. This bread takes very little effort to put together. I made it the night before and baked it the next morning. Easy, easy, easy. The texture of the bread is perfect, the crust has a nice chew. I thought it was one of the best breads I’ve made in some time. I made it again! Easy directions, turned out exactly how I imagined! I followed the directions except for 2 parts: I used steamed pumpkin & squished out as much water as I could. I also didn’t cook it as long. When it said to put it in the preheated oven I thought the oven already needed to be at full temperature. Therefore it only needed 35 minutes total instead of 50 minutes.The bread isn’t super pumpkin at all it’s just very nice accent. This is what I wanted, with butter on it it’s so good. I can’t wait to try it with sandwiches next. Thank you for posting this recipe, made me feel like a legit baker  The bread isn’t super pumpkin at all it’s just very nice accent. This is what I wanted, with butter on it it’s so good. I can’t wait to try it with sandwiches next. Lovely bread Loved this recipe! My first time making bread turned out to be a huge success! Oh wow thanks John I got a dough puree instead! I'm now (involuntarily) doing a 85-95% hydration wet dough challenge!(Not the recipe's fault, I think the homemade pumpkin puree I use is too wet, lol) I love this recipe! This savory yeasted pumpkin bread is a nice change from the typical sweet bread. It’s moist, easy, and absolutely delicious! Give it a try! Excellent bread with little effort! Crispy crust, moist and delectable interior- we loved it! Super easy to make!  I made four separate batches...that made 2 decent size loaves and 4 smaller loaves ,(so I can share with friends!!)But none of them took as long to bake as the recipe said..about half the time......maybe because I used fully boiling water in the oven  I wasn't sure if it was baked inside so I used a thermometer...Google instructions say bread is cooked if it's between 190 and 200 degrees.  I will make this recipe again for sure!! Simple bread to make.  It has a nice earthy flavor to it, just be careful to add only a small pinch of spices to it!
