Simple Beef Pot Roast
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/219173/simple-beef-pot-roast/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F (135 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat vegetable oil into a large oven-safe pot over medium-high heat. Season chuck roast with salt and black pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook in hot oil until brown on both sides; transfer to a plate. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add carrots, celery, and onion into the pot. Cook and stir until vegetables start to release their juices, scraping any brown flavor bits off the bottom of the pot, about 3 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add butter, and cook until onions are translucent, about 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Sprinkle in rosemary; return roast to the pot and cover. otdash Meredith Food Studio Roast in the preheated oven until the chuck roast is tender, about 2 1/2 to 3 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio Season vegetables with additional salt and black pepper, if desired. otdash Meredith Food Studio
After browsing reviews I decided to write my own because I have been seeing a lot of comments regarding the 'doneness' of the roast. I think many people are perhaps not understanding that pot roast is pot roast. It is not roast beef, it doesn't get cooked med rare, or med, etc. It gets cooked until it is sooo cooked that it falls apart. Roast beef is cooked to one's taste as rare, med rare, med. It is then sliced & usually served with au jus. Pot roast is pot roast, roast beef is roast beef, they are two different entities, period. Also, adding cups of beef stock and red wine to cover the roast is simply boiling the meat. If that's the way one decides to cook it, one prob shouldn't even bother with a mirepoix or browning the roast, etc. That said, I LOVE the simplicity of this recipe. Delicious, tender and easy to prepare. Yum. Love the simple easy directions & minimal  ingredient list. Great flavor. I'm not a fan of rosemary so I left it out but still great flavor. Love just 1 temperature to cook it in, unlike other recipes where you cook for 1 hr at a certain temperature then adjust temp for another hr or so. This is the best Beef Chuck Roast I have ever eaten.  My family devoured it every single little bit. I’ll keep this one and use it from now on. Thanks for sharing Excellent! I have made this countless times. Everyone has loved it. (Remember, it's Pot Roast, not roast beef.) Yummy...pureed the vegetables into a gravy and served over a sweet potato mash Made this during the week.  In order to shorten the cooking time we completely made it in a Instapot.  It was amazing and only took 70 minutes to cook.  Only extra ingredient was a cup or so of broth to keep it moist in the pot.  I generally don't deviate from Chef John's ingredients or instructions, but we wanted to eat before 9:00PM.   We will definitely make again, but probably on a weekend. Easy, few ingredients... This is the only recipe I’ve found which results in delicious and tender GRASS FED beef chuck roast! Hallelujah!! Chef John for the win, as always 🙌 I thought this was very good but very greasy. Hubby was looking for some gravy, which there was none. He also did not care that the onions and celery had almost disintegrated. Consequently he did not care for it at all. Unfortunately I will not be making this again even though I liked it.
