Classic Meatloaf
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/219171/classic-meatloaf/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Line a baking dish with lightly greased foil. Place carrot, celery, onion, bell pepper, mushrooms, and garlic in a food processor; pulse until very finely chopped, almost to a purée. Transfer to a large mixing bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add ground chuck to the vegetables, along with Worcestershire sauce, egg, Italian herbs, salt, black pepper, and cayenne. Mix gently with a wooden spoon until ingredients are just combined. Sprinkle in bread crumbs and gently mix with your fingertips until just combined; don't overmix. Shape the mixture into a loaf, about 4 inches high by 6 inches across. Place in the prepared baking pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven just until the meatloaf is hot, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, stir brown sugar, ketchup, Dijon, and Sriracha for glaze in a small bowl until brown sugar has dissolved. Remove meatloaf from the oven. Spoon glaze on the top of the meatloaf with the back of a spoon, then pull a tiny bit glaze down the sides. otdash Meredith Food Studio Return to the oven, and bake until no longer pink inside, 45 to 75 more minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the loaf should read at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C), so start checking at 45 minutes and continue baking until meatloaf reaches that temperature. Cooking time will depend on shape and thickness of the meatloaf. Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
I increased the italian herbs (I assumed that to mean italian seasoning--I used my own homemade italian seasoning) to two teaspoons and I used homemade croutons (day old bread, brushed with EVOO and garlic powder, cut into 1 inch pieces and baked until crispy, then cooled) that I ground down in the food processor. Those were the only changes I made. Ginormous meat loaf. It fit in my Perfect Meat Loaf pan, but just barely, with a quarter inch at the top. Mine did take almost two hours to bake, taken out the last half hour to pour over the glaze. This was one of the better meat loaves I've ever made. Very flavorful, quite filling. I served homemade biscuits and Cheesy Vegetable Medley with this. Out of that big meatloaf, just under half remains--my oldest boy ate two pieces and my husband ate three! We all really liked it. The rest will be used for sandwiches in lunches tomorrow. I'll make this meat loaf again. I love this meatloaf recipe! Classic recipe. I didn't change a thing. It was delicious I made this for my family tonight! They liked it A lot! I swapped the mustard for garlic aioli because I hate mustard. Instead of chuck I used mashed up burger patties because its more affordable. I dont like mushrooms so I left those out. I added some radish and jackfruit for some more flavour. And added some honey to the glaze. Overal a great dish! would recommend! Normally I make the recipe exactly as written the first time in order to give an accurate review, but I had a few hiccups and this still turned out so phenomenal my husband wont stop talking about it! First, he hates carrots so I omitted them. Second, my food processor broke so I chopped the mushroom celery onion and garlic as small as I could. Third, we used up all of our worsteshire so I sauteed the chopped veggies in red wine to reduce them before continuing with the recipe. I used cornflakes crumbs as hubby has Celiac. This was such a delicious meatloaf, next time I will double the recipe and freeze more. I served it with mashed potatoes and mushroom gravy, corn and salad. This one is a definite keeper! Left out the cayenne pepper and the glaze. Covered the loaf with sliced bacon before baking. Pretty good but too much salt. If I make it again, I will use half the amount. I've made this meatloaf over a dozen times now and I'm just as pleased with it as I was the first time. A very easy and delicious recipe. No changes needed for this recipe.  It was perfect!
