Mini Lemon Meringue Pies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/219156/mini-lemon-meringue-pies/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Beat the 3 yolks in a bowl until smooth; set aside. Whisk 3/4 cup sugar with cornstarch and flour in a saucepan until thoroughly mixed; beat in the water, lemon juice, and lemon zest. Bring to a boil over medium heat; reduce heat to a simmer. Add the egg yolks and butter; whisk until the filling is smooth and thickened; remove from heat. Spoon the hot lemon filling into the mini graham cracker crusts. Beat egg whites, 1/4 cup sugar, and almond extract in a metal or glass bowl with an electric mixer until the meringue is fluffy and holds stiff peaks, 1 to 2 minutes. Top each lemon pie with about 1-inch meringue and spread into decorative swirls and peaks with a spatula, covering all of the lemon filling with meringue. Bake in preheated oven until the meringue is lightly golden brown with darker brown peaks and swirls, about 10 minutes. Allow to cool before serving. llrecipes Magazin
NOTE*** IF YOU ARE WORRIED ABOUT SOGGY CRUST...BRUSH WITH EGG WHITE AND BAKE FOR A FEW MINUTES BEFORE YOU ADD FILLING....IT DOES WONDERS! They were lemony, and the timing was spot on.  I especially liked the addition of almond extract to the meringue instead of standard vanilla. Started with a fork, but then ended up just eating them by hand.  Been quite a while since I’ve had lemon meringue pie.  Enjoyed. Used my own Meyer lemons for this and made the graham cracker crusts! Very please with the dessert! Luscious & tangy! Made these last night, they came out delicious! In the lemon filling, we cut it down to 1/2 cup sugar and it was really good. We made 1 batch of meringues and had them mixing in the kitchenaid for 20 minutes before giving up and starting over. Second time around, i read online to whip up the eggwhites first, and when they start to get frothy, then slowly add in the sugar, and that worked perfectly, took around 5 mins total! Fantastic recipe! I made it exactly as written, but doubled it. The lemon filling fit perfectly in the 12 Keebler mini graham crusts with even a few tablespoons left over (yep; I took care of that). I loaded the tops with the meringue and still had extra left. Next time I will try to move my pies up to a slightly higher rack in the oven as it took 15 minutes for the top to brown enough, but the crust was cooked more than I'd like. The crust wasn't soggy at all. The whole family said it was a keeper.  Thank you! Filling was a little thinner than what I'm used to. I used regular tart shells. They were enjoyed. made for the BIL for Easter ... he loved it! Perfect in every way! I make these frequently, however.....in the interest of simplicity - I bake the shells (pastry) first, make a pkg. of Sherriff's Lemon Pie filling (easy!!); pour it in, top w/meringue and bake just long enough for the meringue to brown!  Always consistent and a favorite with hubby! These little bites of awesomeness were super easy to make. I only had one brown egg, to I used two white eggs with the one brown. It make no difference at all.  They turned out perfect. Everyone loved them!
