Doug's Easy Applesauce
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/219275/dougs-easy-applesauce/
Mix apples, brown sugar, cinnamon, lemon juice, apple cider, and salt together in a large pot over medium-high heat. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to low and simmer for until apples are soft, about 20 minutes. Use a potato masher while cooking to help break down the apples. Serve warm or cool.
Very nice applesauce. I bought an 8# bag of red delicious apples on sale yesterday, and used 6 of them to make half a recipe. I left it a little chunky because that's the way we like it. The cider that I had in the fridge was "spiced cider," so I cut back a little bit on the cinnamon. Very tasty applesauce with just the right amount of sweetness. My girlfriend and I went Apple picking and had tons of apples so I decided to make this Apple sauce. I doubled the recipe and wish I had of quadrupled it, this apple sauce is fantastic. The flavour is great and the cooking time allowed for the apples to remain a bit chunky after mashing them giving the perfect consistency. 10/10, I will certainly be making this again in the future. I eyeballed on the water. Probably used more than a cup. Used a small stock pot full of Honeycrisp apples. I think about 8 of 'em. Figured they're naturally sweet, so didn't add anything to mine. Came out great! Just got my bottom two wisdom teeth pulled, so limited what I can eat. And the anesthesia is making stuff taste off, so not going to trust adding anything seasoning-wise for a few days. Good as is. Excellent.  On a few batches, I added a bit of nutmeg or vanilla for variety. All good. Great applesauce . Planning on getting some apples direct from farm and making again. This would also make a great apple pie . Simple to  make.  After I cooked the apples, I used my Ninja on pulse to make it creamy. Wonderful flavor and texture. The only change I made was to only make half of the receipt. Terrible. Worst thing I’ve ever made. Only giving one star because I can’t give zero!! Bitter, acidic, terrible!! rough chopped the (green) apples, eyeballed the apple juice- almost covering the apples; brown sugar, cinnamon and all spice to taste. mashed away, so good, and so easy. This is very nice. The cider gives it an edge that most other recipes don’t have. This makes lovely, sweet dessert. Thank you for the recipe.
