German Rice
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/219325/german-rice/
Heat olive oil in a large pot over medium heat. Cook Bratwurst until browned, breaking it up into chunks as it cooks, about 10 minutes. Stir in onions and garlic, and cook until onions are translucent, about 5 minutes. Mix in fennel seed and sauerkraut with juice, and allow the mixture to pan-fry for 2 minutes without stirring. Stir in rice and soup base until incorporated, about 2 minutes. Stir in water, raisins, and black pepper. Bring to a boil and cook, stirring frequently, for 5 minutes. Reduce heat to a simmer, and cook until rice is tender and almost all the water has been absorbed, about 30 minutes.
This was an excellent recipe. We all loved it. I used whole rice instead of white... and I used a little extra meat. When we came back from the bar later on in the evening we had some left overs and topped it with some BBQ sauce or some mustard and it was awsome! I’m giving this five stars, even though I had to tweak it a tiny bit.  My rice wasn’t finished cooking when it soaked up the liquid.  I added 2 more cups of broth to finish it off and the recipe was still delicious.  I added extra raisins and think sweet-tart apple slices would be good, too.  This recipe makes a TON, as written.  Next time I make it - because I will make it again - I’ll use less rice.  Great recipe!  Thank you! It was really great. I upped the garlic a little bit along with the raisins. Made this by chance as was looking for a “German” side dish for family gathering. Was a hit. No leftovers. Excellent use of quality bratwurst. great dish. easy to assemble and cook This dish took a little more time to create and it was well worth it......just be sure to use "Bavarian" style sauerkraut, it is milder and will not overwhelm your dish.  YUM!!! This is a family favorite and so easy to convert to a pressure cooker. I redid the serving size for 5, sear everything adding mushrooms because I don't like raisins. I squeeze and drained the sauerkraut into a cup and added low sodium chicken stock until the liquid reached 2 cups. I added the squeezed and drained sauerkraut to the sauteed meat and veggies with the garlic and fennel seed and soup base and added 2 cups of rice, the liquid and pressed the rice button. Perfect rice every time. This is a family favorite and so easy to convert to a pressure cooker. I redid the serving size for 5, sear everything adding mushrooms because I don't like raisins. I squeeze and drained the sauerkraut into a cup and added low sodium chicken stock until the liquid reached 2 cups. I added the squeezed and drained sauerkraut to the sauteed meat and veggies with the garlic and fennel seed and soup base and added 2 cups of rice, the liquid and pressed the rice button. Perfect rice every time. We didn't use all of the ingredients and we changed it by that way. But I believe me and my hubby are going to make it again and possibly follow the recipe more better. Cause I just don't think it was a good night to make it. Oh well, there's definitely always another time. Lol This was very good. I forgot the raisins but will use next time. I used chicken broth and only 1 tsp chicken bouillon paste. I stirred the rice as per the directions and it did not stick. I couldn't find Bavarian sauerkraut so used a jar of sauerkraut with carrots
