To-Die-For Chicken Pot Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/219491/to-die-for-chicken-pot-pie/
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Place a baking sheet on the a rack on which you'll bake the pie. Combine the carrots, celery, peas, green beans, corn, onion, red potatoes, and chicken broth in a large pot. Season the vegetable mixture with thyme, salt, and black pepper; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the vegetables are tender, about 15 minutes. Drain the vegetables and set aside. Place dry chicken gravy mix into another saucepan and gradually whisk in the water until smooth. Bring the mixture to a boil, reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer until thickened, about 1 minute. Set gravy aside and allow to continue to thicken as it cools. Press one of the pie crusts into the bottom of a 9-inch pie dish. Spoon a layer of gravy (about 1/3 cup) into the crust. Layer the cooked vegetables and shredded chicken into the crust until the filling is level with the top of the pie dish. Pour the rest of the gravy slowly over the filling until gravy is visible at the top. Scatter butter pieces over the filling; top with second crust. Seal the 2 crusts together and crimp with a fork. Whisk the egg and milk together in a bowl, and brush the egg wash over the top crust. Pierce the top crust several times to vent steam. Bake the pot pie in the preheated oven until the filling is bubbling and the crust is golden brown, about 45 minutes to 1 hour. Check periodically to see if the edge of the crust is browning too quickly; if needed, cover the edge with a strip of aluminum foil to prevent over-browning.
Fantastic recipe. Used 2 lb chicken breast, coated in thyme, rosemary, and basil then topped with butter pats and baked. Fork shredded the chicken, which distributed the spices throughout all the meat. Aside from that, followed the recipe as written. Would possibly add a little more gravy and add it in layers along with the filling, the filling was too dense for it to filter through so the bottom and top only had gravy. Finally, best in a deep dish pie pan. Everyone at home and at work raved about this recipe. You won't be disappointed. Delicious but too much work for me personally. I also struggled with dumping the chicken broth down the drain.. by the time you cook it with all those veggies you have soup 🤷🏻‍♀️ Absolutely delicious ❤️⭐️⭐️⭐️Thank You ⭐️⭐️⭐️ This was pretty easy to put together and tasted great.  I used roasted shredded chicken, skipped the peas because I didn't have any on hand.  Also made a rue with chicken broth instead of the chicken gravy packets. Came out great and had enough for second dinner the next night. D-elicious !!! topped mine with buttermilk biscuits. This dish didn’t last very long after it came out of the oven. No changes made to the recipe. My kids don’t eat anything, ever. They loved this. Keep your children alive. Make this recipe. So easy and very delicious! If your pie pan is on the shallow side this may make enough filling for two pies. I cut all quantities in 1/2 except seasonings.  Omitted the 4 cups of water.  After just one read of the recipe, I realized it all would never fit in one  pie tin.I used a bag frozen mixed veggies, fresh 1/2 chopped onion, minced garlic clove, rough cut 3 medium golden potatoes & 3 stalks celery.  I boiled them in 3-4 cups of chicken broth (with the seasonings) for about 6-8 minutes.  Drained & saved 2 cups of the broth.  I used 1 packet  of dry 2.75 oz Pioneer Country Gravy mix & 2 cups of the saved broth, and chopped breast & thighs of a rotisserie chicken.  I also baked the bottom crust for about 5-8 minutes before putting the bottom layer of gravy.My husband says it’s the best thing I’ve made in ages!  Just the 2 of us  so I just reheat it at 300deg F, cover with foil, bake for 20-25.  Perfecto! I  followed the directions to the letter and it turned out absolutely fantastic.  Made my own butter crust as well.  Another recipe from this site.   I had never made this recipe before, and I admit I was nervous for sure but just dove in with both feet and the results were beyond my wildest imagination.  I served this pot pie to my friends and he’s a chef  who loved it and my guests plates were all empty.  My wife was very happy.  This meal was a great success, lots a work but the end result was delicious and totally worth it.  Go for it guys! Loved this recipe. Make sure to drain vegetables and soup stays nice and thick
