Browned Butter Icing
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/219680/browned-butter-icing/
Heat the butter in a saucepan over low heat until golden brown, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in the confectioners' sugar, cream, and vanilla extract. Add water, mixing vigorously until smooth.
Thank you so very, very much for posting this recipe! My grandmother used to use this for her spicecakes, and I *know* that this has to be what she iced them with- have never found a recipe for it before! Merry Christmas, you have made my holiday season!!! :D Mine was a spreadable consistency without adding the hot water.  Perhaps it was because I sifted my powdered sugar.   The icing has a nice browned butter flavor but the quantity  is small, as someone else noted.  It was enough for a thin layer on a 9x13" cake, but definitely it should be doubled for a layer cake.  I used it on a pecan cake since I liked the idea of butter pecan, and it complimented it well. It is great! And my boys loved it. I admit, I haven't tried this one yet, but this was exactly the kind of frosting I have been looking for.  I am going to make my pumpkin bars which I used to use a plane buttercream frosting, but this looks perfect.  I almost gave up because all I could find was recipes with cream cheese.  Call me odd, but I have never liked any kind of cream cheese frosting.  Love cream cheese and even in desserts but frosting?  No thank you.  Finally!  This looks perfect....how can you go wrong? UPDATE: Used this as well for my fresh apple cake recipe and it was perfect! So AWESOME! Great recipe that I will definitely make again. I needed this to drizzle over a bundt cake and it worked perfectly. I browned the butter in the microwave, used fat free milk, and needed only 1 T. hot water to make a drizzling consistency.  I am thinking that cream would make a difference in the consistency? Anyway, it was perfect for my needs and thank you for the recipe! This frosting is perfect atop of scones. I have made pumpkin, apple cinnamon and chai all with this same frosting. It is absolutely a crowd favorite. Was too thick to spread well.  Wound up adlibbing to frost the cake. it was very soupy I made this for a banana cake and it was very good.  I tried it and loved it but thought that a little cream cheese would be awesome with the banana, so I threw in about 3 ounces.  I whipped it until it was light.  Oh. so. good! Sooo good! We used it to iced a pumpkin cake. Perfect match! Thanks for sharing your recipe!
