Fluffy Pumpkin Spiced Cupcakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/219676/fluffy-pumpkin-spiced-cupcakes/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line 24 muffin cups with paper muffin liners. Beat the pumpkin puree, white sugar, brown sugar, shortening, butter, milk, vegetable oil, and eggs together in a large bowl until smooth. Whisk the cake flour, dry buttermilk powder, cornstarch, pumpkin pie spice, baking powder, baking soda, and salt together in another bowl. Add the dry ingredients to the pumpkin mixture, stirring until mixed. Pour batter into the prepared muffin cups, filling each cup about 2/3 full. Bake in the preheated until the center of the cupcakes spring back when touched, about 30 minutes. Cool in the pans for 10 minutes before removing to cool completely on a wire rack.
These were very good. It's hard to go wrong with pumpkin. I made them just as directed except that I used 1 cup of butter instead of 1/2 butter, 1/2 shortening.I also added a cream cheese frosting by mixing 8 oz of cream cheese with 1/4 cup butter, 1 pound of powdered sugar, & 2 tsp. of vanilla extract.A good old fashioned butter cream would taste great with these cupcakes too.-Chopped pecans would be fantastic in these, or even sprinkled on top with the frosting! - Also, if you don't have cake flour, don't fret. You can make it yourself.Use two cups all-purpose flour and remove 4 Tbsp of flour and replace it with 4 Tbsp of cornstarch. Sift this together very well, then use in the recipe in place of cake flour.-Lastly, you can definitely "healthify" this recipe by using applesauce in place of the vegetable oil, skim or 1% milk in place of whole milk, and swap out 3/4 cup of the sugar for Splenda. My daughter found this recipe last year.  We've made them several times and she requested them for her birthday this year.  Amazing.  I never have butter flavored shortenning so I just use butter.  I don't have the buttermilk powder either but you can get that buttermilk tang by adding a tsp of lemon juice to the wet ingredients.  (If not you may not need the baking soda.)  These are moist and silky.  We LOVE them. 1 31 15 ... http://allrecipes.com/recipe/219676/fluffy-pumpkin-spiced-cupcakes/ ... 'Halved the recipe.  I'm not new to this baking thing ... reduced the sugar to 1c - less than half the amount listed.  'Used my pumpkin pie spice blend, 1/2t cinnamon, 1/4t ginger, 1/8t nutmeg.  These are fluffy, as the recipe states.  'Not like light cake though.  Fine, just mentioning.  Since reducing the sugar, I'm renaming these muffins.  I sprinkled a couple pinches panko & a pinch of brown sugar on each.  Without a topping or frosting, they'd probably looked over.  'Bet they'd be fabulous with whipped cream filling!  These baked not flat, but close.  A little more batter & they would've probably spilled onto the pan. E likes them.  Few days later: even better, still moist, panko stayed crispy.  Thumbs up. 9 26 17 Suspiciously similar to ... http://allrecipes.com/recipe/215375/harvest-pumpkin-cupcakes/ ... & doesn't call for buttermilk powder.  Also differences were changes/improvements in Fluffy.  Huh.  :D 11 17 Full recipe, 1t cinnamon, 1/2t ginger, 1/4t nutmeg & allspice, 1/8t cloves. Also good. Try less shortening, kinda a greasy film after eating. My daughter and I made these.  Everyone loved them. I loveee pumpkin, and this was excellent! So fluffy! I'd like to try it with ginger next. Changes: applesauce instead of veggie oil, 2 cups of brown sugar and no white sugar, almond milk. I would put in less sugar next time because it is too sweet for this asian gal and her family! These were very good. It's hard to go wrong with pumpkin. I made them just as directed except that I used 1 cup of butter instead of 1/2 butter, 1/2 shortening.I also added a cream cheese frosting by mixing 8 oz of cream cheese with 1/4 cup butter, 1 pound of powdered sugar, & 2 tsp. of vanilla extract.A good old fashioned butter cream would taste great with these cupcakes too.-Chopped pecans would be fantastic in these, or even sprinkled on top with the frosting! - Also, if you don't have cake flour, don't fret. You can make it yourself.Use two cups all-purpose flour and remove 4 Tbsp of flour and replace it with 4 Tbsp of cornstarch. Sift this together very well, then use in the recipe in place of cake flour.-Lastly, you can definitely "healthify" this recipe by using applesauce in place of the vegetable oil, skim or 1% milk in place of whole milk, and swap out 3/4 cup of the sugar for Splenda.
