Chef John's Shepherd's Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/219919/chef-johns-shepherds-pie/
Place cubed potatoes and garlic in a large pot with enough water to cover. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Meanwhile, cook ground beef over medium heat in a skillet. Stir in flour, mixing with beef drippings. Add beef broth, ketchup, vegetables, salt, and pepper. Stir to combine. Cook until thick, about 5 minutes. Transfer beef mixture to an oven-proof casserole dish. Drain potatoes and smash them a little bit before adding 1/4 cup grated cheese and sour cream. Mash together until smooth. Top meat mixture with potatoes. Spread potatoes from the center of casserole to the edges to form top layer. Sprinkle with remaining 1/4 cup grated cheese. Bake in the preheated oven until cheese melts and turns golden, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool 15 minutes before serving. hef Joh
This was a great recipe (as are all of Chef John's)! I made a few additions and took some tips from other reviewers. First, I wanted it to be a more traditional Shepherd's Pie, so I used ground Lamb instead of beef. I diced 1/4 cup onion and 1/2 cup mushrooms and cooked it in with the Lamb as I was browning it. After the meet was finished, I added in a pinch of Thyme, Paprika, and a dash of Worcestershire sauce. I then continued with the original recipe. The last thing I did, after the dish was finished baking, I placed it under the broiler for a few minutes to make the cheese on top get nice and crispy. Easy, straightforward recipe.  No tweaks and my wife loved it.  I'm not a big fan of sour cream in mashed potatoes but it was tasty. I'm not a ketchup fan, but I went ahead and followed the instructions.  My family and friends loved it!  I was very happy!  Thank you Chef John! Made last night and an instant fan favorite. I read some reviews that mention what was added or supplemented that in my opinion is their recipe..sure you can do that but I feel when reviewing a recipe the original recipe is what is being reviewed. Although I add things at times my review was based on exact recipe and end result in my experience. Great Recipe!!! My mom and her mom taught me to make Shepherd's Pie only ever with leftover roasted beef. They put it through the hand-crank meat grinder  and used gravy also left over from the Roast meal. The dish turned out consistently textured and delicious. Always a reliable dish. We used to have Roast beef dinner with roast potatoes, gravy & Yorkshire Pudding almost every Sunday. (My grandmother was from Nottingham! (Mom from Calgary)) Using raw ground meat seems like cheating, or a shortcut, to me. Of course, there's the additional cleanup of your meat grinder parts, but the results are worth it. I've always been a big fan of Chef John so thought I would give this a try instead of making mine.  I increased the butter and added milk to the potatoes at mashing time, leaving the cheese to a topping.  I also added a pinch of thyme, tsp basil, increased the pepper and added half of a red onion during browning.Well , it was finished by four people - one an executive chef - and was told dad - this is the new classic. Wow, what an insightful post! I really appreciate the depth of analysis and the way you've presented the information. Your writing style is engaging and easy to follow, making it a pleasure to read through your content. I particularly enjoyed your writing style and illustration. It really got me thinking about clear and detail explanation. Keep up the fantastic work, and I look forward to reading more from you in the future!I will Follow and Share This Blog Made this last night, no adjustments and I really liked it. My wife was not impressed. She makes hers with Guiness and she may just not like it bc it’s not the same.I’d gladly make this again. I really liked it. Delicious, as are all of Chef John’s recipes. I don’t like lamb so was glad to use ground beef. I made per directions, adding a pinch of thyme, shot of Worcestershire, to the beef mixture and threw a handful of grated Parmesan in with cheddar in the mashed potatoes. So good and perfect on a cool evening.
