Cajun Crab Cakes (No Breadcrumbs)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/219988/cajun-crab-cakes-no-breadcrumbs/
Melt butter in a large, heavy skillet over medium heat. Stir in onion; cook and stir until the onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in the celery, bell pepper, green onion, carrot, and garlic. Continue to cook and stir until vegetables are tender, about 10 minutes more. Season with 1 tablespoon parsley flakes, 2 teaspoons Creole seasoning, basil, pepper, dill weed, oregano, and thyme. Cook and stir until fragrant, 5 minutes more. Transfer cooked vegetables to a large bowl; allow to cool for about 10 minutes. Set skillet aside for later use. Stir the beaten eggs into the vegetables. Mix in the crabmeat and cracker crumbs with your hands, making sure not to break up the chunks of crab too much. Shape the crab mixture into 12 small cakes. Heat vegetable oil in the skillet over medium high heat. Pan-fry the crab cakes in batches until golden brown on each side, about 3 minutes. To make dipping sauce: Whisk together the mayonnaise, chile-garlic sauce, 2 teaspoon Creole seasoning, 2 teaspoon parsley flakes, and paprika.
I've tried crab cakes at different restaurants all of my life and can honestly say that I disliked them to the point that I stopped even ordering them anymore. These are delicious! Anyone who tries this recipe will never get them anywhere else again, they are the best. This is the first time I have ever made crab cakes.  They were delicious!  Better than most I have had in restaurants.   This recipe will be a mainstay for us forever.Don and Virginia Liked the flavor but I should have cut the crab (imitation ) smaller. Needs more binder too. They completely came apart so I will do something next time to help it hold together. I made these for dinner last night.  My daughter who ‘hates’ crab cakes liked them.  They were really good and the sauce made them even better. The flavor was delicious.  I would make it again,  but it needed  more binder so I would add more crackers. I will make this again. Read all the reviews, and I broiled them. Really good! Made the remoloude and it was good too. Did cut back on the Tony's, but if you use Tony's regularly (like I do) you already know it's kind of salty. But excellent recipe and I will make this again. used fake crab still tasted good to me.  I had no green onion or fresh parsly or celery.  Served with re moo loude sauce..yum The crab cakes are excellent and the sauce is excellent. I left out the green onions because I didn't have any, and I used slightly less seasoning. Adjust according to your taste.They are very moist and flavorful. These had excellent taste and balance.  My only difficulty was keeping them together as a patty.  I squeezed out excess moisture when forming the patty which helped a lot.  I will surely make this again.
