Slow Cooker Chicken Chili with Greens and Beans
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/219932/slow-cooker-chicken-chili-with-greens-and-beans/
Place black beans, white beans, tomatoes, and kale in a slow cooker. Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Stir in the onion; cook and stir until softened and translucent, about 5 minutes. Transfer the onion to the slow cooker. Sprinkle with chili powder, garlic and herb seasoning, and salt. Place the chicken breast halves on top, then pour the chicken broth into the slow cooker. Cook on Low for 6 hours. Remove the chicken breasts, and shred or cut the chicken into bite-size pieces. Stir the shredded chicken back into the chili. Stir in the heavy cream, allow to heat for a few minutes, and serve.
Wonderful recipe, and had a followed it, would have been perfect! i didn't have chili powder in my cupboard, neither did i have a can of tomoates. I did add some carrot, celery, and bell peppers though. I also used fresh flowering oriental kale instead of the frozen green. great idea adding kale to the chili! Thank you!! I cooked the beans rather than use canned beans.  It took a little longer, but the taste was amazing.  I will make it again. I made this on the stovetop and had it on the table in less than 40 minutes. I diced my chicken rather than shredding it and I used fresh spinach in place of the kale. So simple to make and quick it you don't use the slow cooker. Thanks for sharing your recipe. I really liked this. Definitely more of a soup than chili as written but I prefer that. I did use Rotel instead of plain tomatoes and fresh kale instead of frozen but that is the only change I made. I would probably not drain the white beans next time and actually leave the chicken out due to personal preference. Overall a good soup and one worth making again. I did the lazy version of this- skipped the sautéed onions and just threw everything else in the crockpot. I used fresh kale and just tore it up into the crockpot. I added a bunch of cayenne and just realized I never added the cream, oops! But this was easy, pretty tasty, and healthy with leaving out the cream. I made this as written.  It was okay but lacking in flavor.  I had to doctor it up with additional seasonings including garlic powder.  I then served it with cheese on top.  That made it much better.  It has potential,  so people who like adding their own twist should definitely make this and add all they want. Was very good. Family didn't care for the spinach but I loved it. Made this exactly as written, and loved it! This is a great, versatile recipe.  I had a can of seasoned black beans that I used without draining, and then another can of black beans.  I used 1 can of white kidney beans and then that was plenty of beans!  Used a can of Rotel and a can of stewed tomatoes.  I only used 3 cups of liquid and that was more than enough.  Threw in some oregano and cumin and it was delicious!  I've made this twice - once using kale and once using a combo of swiss chard and spinach.  I prefer the kale.  I always use fresh and throw it in about an hour prior to dinner time.  I don't add the heavy cream. Very easy and very flexible recipe! Tastes great!
