Chef John's Banana Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/219967/chef-johns-banana-bread/
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Coat a 9x4-inch loaf pan with cooking spray. Whisk together flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a medium bowl; set aside. Beat together sugar and butter with an electric mixer in a large bowl until smooth. Add mashed bananas and mix until combined. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Stir in milk and vanilla. Stir in flour mixture, walnuts, and chocolate chips until just incorporated. Pour batter into the prepared loaf pan. Tap pan on the counter to release any air pockets. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 1 hour and 10 minutes. Let rest in the pan for 15 to 20 minutes. Remove bread from the pan, then slice and serve.
I increased the vanilla to a full teaspoon, used pecans instead of walnuts and mini chocolate chips. I made muffins out of this recipe--I actually got 12 really big muffins out of one recipe. I baked them at 350* for 22 minutes. I did let them cool in the pan overnight. I make A LOT of banana bread and A LOT of muffins (my family can eat 12 muffins in one day and that's on a slow day) and I think this is one of the best banana breads I've ever made. My husband called to tell me from work that HE thinks this is one of the better banana bread recipes I've made......and that's huge coming from him. This one's a keeper. Great recipe!  Instead of walnuts I substitute 1 cup of Reeses baking chips.  Bananas and peanut butter, YUM! I’ve been following thisRecipe for years. Always turns out and always super moist   One time I added a half cup of peanut butter. I didn’t make any other adjustments and it turned out great. It was very moist. Great basic recipe you can modify to your taste. I've added cinnamon and nutmeg , sometimes with chocolate chips other times left out.  Always comes out perfect! It's moist without being overly heavy or dense. My go to banana bread recipe This is so easy and comes out perfectly every time for me. I add a touch (1/2 tsp) of banana extract too and if I don’t have milk I add a heaping spoon of sour cream. I sometimes add Pecans in the fall ;) Easy to follow this recipe! Pretty good. Went without the walnuts is all. Wife thought it was a little too crumbly. I do think I cooked it a touch too long. Might be better to keep it to an hour or so.
