Chef John's Classic Beef Stroganoff
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220059/chef-johns-classic-beef-stroganoff/
Season beef generously with salt and pepper. Heat oil in a large skillet over high heat until nearly smoking. Stir in beef; cook, stirring constantly, for 6 to 7 minutes, until liquid evaporates and meat browns. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove meat from the pan and set aside. Stir mushrooms, onions, and butter into the pan; cook and stir over medium heat until vegetables are lightly browned. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add garlic and stir for 30 seconds. Stir in flour; cook for 1 to 2 minutes until incorporated. Stir in wine and 1 cup of broth, scraping the bottom of the pan to release any browned bits. Bring to a simmer and cook until the sauce thickens, about 3 to 4 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Return beef to the pan. Stir in remaining cup of broth; bring to a simmer and cook on low heat for about 1 hour, covered, until beef is tender and sauce is thick. Stir every 20 minutes. Stir in crème fraîche. Stir in chives. Season with salt and pepper to taste. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
I cannot afford beef chuck roast right now, I used beef stew meat instead. I also did not have creme fraiche, I used sour cream instead. You could not tell that I used beef stew meat, the meat turned out very tender and juicy. My family all said that this is their favorite stroganoff yet. I served the boys' portions over buttered egg noodles, I ate my portion over steamed garlic broccoli as I'm trying to watch my carb intake. I didn't use any dairy due to allergies and I added a few splashes of Worcestershire sauce - really tasty! if I make it again for myself I'll definitely use the sour cream. Was easy and my family thought i worked so hard making it! But I won't tell them for awhile! This is going to a favorite at my home. This went together really easily. I might double the sauce just because we like more. Really good. This was the first Chef John recipe I ever made.  Still a big favorite.  I finally found a butcher who could do the single muscle as he suggests in the video.  I couldn't believe the big difference it made.  For those who may want to try getting it my guy says it is called a Mock Tender Roast. Easy to make and tastes excellent. I used high quality stew meat and substituted sour cream for the creme fraiche. Nice very tasty Was very good! I did tweak it, feeling it was going to need a little oomph!-I used sirloin, extra qtr cup of the wine, added few drops of Maggi liquid seasoning, 4 cloves instead of 2 fresh garlic, good dash powdered garlic, 1/2 t. dry mustard, then grated fresh nutmeg in when adding sour cream. I usually use canned mushrooms as my family tolerates it better than fresh. I love to serve stroganoff over Kluski's noodles-they seem more Old World authentic to me than everyday ole egg noodles!
