Slow Cooker Beef Pot Roast
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220125/slow-cooker-beef-pot-roast/
Generously season both sides of roast with salt and pepper. Sprinkle top of roast with 1 tablespoon flour and pat onto meat. Shake off excess. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Sear roast until well-browned, 5 to 6 minutes per side. Remove roast from the skillet and set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Reduce heat to medium. Melt butter in the skillet; cook and stir mushrooms in butter until tender, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in onion; cook until onions are translucent and brown, about 5 minutes. Add garlic; stir until fragrant, about 1 minute. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons flour; cook and stir for about 1 minute. Add tomato paste and cook for another minute. Slowly add chicken broth while stirring; return to a simmer. Remove the skillet from heat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place carrots and celery in the slow cooker. Place roast over vegetables and pour in any accumulated juices. Add thyme and rosemary. Pour onion and mushroom mixture over the top of roast. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cover and cook on High for 5 to 6 hours. Skim off any fat from surface and remove bones. Season with salt and pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
I loved this. I followed it to a tee with the exception of using a boneless 2 pound roast (I'm a one person family). I used the other ingredients at their original volumes though and it made an absolutely awesome mushroom gravy. I served it over egg noodles. The leftovers were even better! The house smelled amazing while it cooked. True comfort food and a keeper recipe. Thanks, Chef John! This is literally the only recipe I use now for this meal. I have made this several times. It's my go to potroast recipe. My wife and I love it. Gives some great use of my fresh Thyme and Rosemary I grow I really enjoyed this recipe. It has been by far the best stew recipe I have tried making. I even omitted the mushrooms because my family doesn’t like them. I wish I would have put some in anyway. Next time I will but I will finely chop them. But the flavor of this stew was fantastic. Plus it was easy to make. I am sorry I didn’t take a picture. It tasted so much better the next day after I skimmed off the fat. I ended up using a blade roast. I recommend trying this recipe, it was very very good. I don’t write many reviews but when I do, well it’s something good in my opinion. One of the best pot roasts I’ve made.  Followed the recipe with the exception of using a 3lb boneless blade pot roast.  This was also the first time I had made  the potatoes separately, I think that made a difference for the better.  Thanks Chef John This is my go-to recipe. I don't change a thing- it's perfection. It's always gobbled up! I serve with Yukon Gold mashed potatoes. Delish!! Love this recipe! I did't have mushrooms - but the pot roase came out perfect!! We made it for Christmas lunch! Huge hit for the whole fam! I used a boneless 4 pound roast.   I added potatoes as well. Make sure to remove the potatoes around the 4th hour or they will be really mushy. I also added 1 extra teaspoon of tomato paste because we like the extra zing! Just Delicious! Highly recommend! I have been making pot roast for years, and I  rarely use a crock pot. The searing of the meat, seasonings, and tomato paste really work for this recipe. This recipe is outstanding! I only changed a few things because of what I had on hand. I used a boneless roast, dried seasonings, and added a small can of Dutchman mushrooms drained and chopped small. I will def make this again!
