Chef John's Buttermilk Fried Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220128/chef-johns-buttermilk-fried-chicken/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Toss chicken pieces, black pepper, salt, paprika, white pepper, rosemary, thyme, oregano, sage, and cayenne together in a large bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in buttermilk until chicken is evenly coated. Cover and refrigerate for 6 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine flour, salt, paprika, cayenne, garlic powder, white pepper, and onion powder in a large shallow dish. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove chicken from buttermilk and dredge each piece in seasoned flour; shake off any excess and transfer to a plate. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat peanut oil in a large Dutch oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Add chicken pieces to the hot oil and fry for 10 minutes. Turn chicken pieces and fry for another 10 to 15 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Transfer fried chicken to a cooling rack set over a paper towel-lined baking sheet. Let sit for 10 minutes before serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio Enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
This fried chicken receipe is absoultly fantastic,if you take your time get all your ingredients together in two groups,it is easy to make. It smells so good while it is cooking,and the taste is truly unbelievable.And so moist and juicy.I will make this receipe over and over.Thanks Chef John for sharing. The receipe looks intimidating but it isn't. Try it you will see how easy it is,and the taste is the best fried chicken ever. I made this tonight. The flavor was amazing. I made buttermilk biscuits to go with it. No leftovers tonight! I made this one time last year to use up leftover buttermilk. It turned out really well and today I’m making it again because leftover buttermilk! I’m wondering though, why peanut oil?  Guessing it has something to do with the frying temperature… I used canola oil the first time and am using it again tonight. I think it turned out just fine, but would love to know if there’s a noticeable difference with the recipe’s recommendation. I am not one to fry food.. so this was my first attempt in years and it was mostly a fail on my side. Lesson I learned was using the right frying oil. I used olive oil and I should have stuck to the oil that Chef John recommended. Please learn from that mistake. I will try this recipe again. This isn't over. Still tasted good though. I used a 12" Lodge cast iron skillet with veg oil. Was a little concerned about what people said about being on the bland side so I added a general splash of McCormick kicken chicken seasoning to the dredge flower. Brought oil up to temp with instant read thermometer and put a Meater Plus 2 probe in one of the 7 drumsticks I was using. Flipped chickin at about 10 minutes and continued till 166 degrees. Probably pull it at 170 next time if using just dark meat. Skin was delicious and golden brown. Just used a little salt on the meat underneath while eating as I usually do wherever I get it. Would use this recipe again for sure I marinated my chicken overnight and used only drumsticks because that's my favorite piece.  The seasonings were so good, the meat was flavorful!  This was my first time every deep frying and I made a few beginner errors, one was not realizing I would need to manually turn down my oven if the oil was getting too hot, also misreading my thermometer, so between those issues my first batch was "cooking" at about 380-390, so not cooking so much as burning LOL, but not cooked to a safe temp inside.  The next batch I got a little better at actively managing the heat of the oil, and the third batch was great! I love Chef John, and he never lets me down! I usually make a basic fried chicken recipe with only salt pepper flour egg and buttermilk. I wanted to try something different with more flavor. This recipe wakes up your taste buds. Definitely will make again for myself or a gathering
