Homemade Sloppy Joes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220182/homemade-sloppy-joes/
Place ground beef and onion in a large skillet over medium heat; cook and stir until beef is browned and crumbled, about 10 minutes. Stir in green pepper and garlic; cook and stir until softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Add 1 cup water and stir, scraping the pan to dissolve any brown flavor bits from the bottom of the skillet. Stir in ketchup, brown sugar, Dijon mustard, salt, black pepper, and Worcestershire sauce. Add remaining 1 cup water and bring mixture to a boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer, stirring occasionally, until liquid has evaporated and mixture is thick, about 40 minutes. Season with salt, black pepper, Worcestershire sauce, and cayenne pepper.
No more Manwich for my family! My family loved this recipie--I just added a splash of cider vinegar for an extra tang! Perfect. Thanks Chef John-Cant wait to try more of your recipies. I was missing the cold pan step before.  I had a clue about what to use, but needed that part.  I also used a small jar of tomato paste instead of ketchup.  I also noticed John just talked like normal.  So I looked at the date.  Apparently at some point in 2023, he started doing his "trademark" sing-song style of narration, which annoyed me at first, but now I noticed I missed it when it wasn't around. I added some garam masala, as it is a new spice for me and I wanted to try it. The first time, I did not have Worcestershire Sauce but bought it. I find this dish delicious with a great mix of flavors. So easy too. I love this recipe. I added just a smidge more Worcestershire sauce, a little barbecue sauce& I do like a little more acidity. I looked in the cupboard and there was no white vinegar. Wasn’t sure what to do.Decided to put a little pickle juice in there instead & it was wonderful. We loved it My mom who has always been a canned sloppy joe fan loved this!  That makes it a keeper in my book.  Created the recipe and then served as sliders, yum! I omitted the brown sugar.  I didn’t have enough ketchup but had some chili sauce and threw that in.  Also added a little onion powder and thyme My family loves this.  Even grandchildren that normally won't eat sloppy joes love this. Taste great
