Classic Cuban-Style Picadillo
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220164/classic-cuban-style-picadillo/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat; cook and stir onion, bell pepper, and garlic, onion in the hot oil until softened, 5 to 7 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add ground beef into the skillet; cook and stir until crumbly and completely browned, 7 to 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir tomato sauce, olives, raisins, capers, cumin, sazon seasoning, sugar, and salt into the ground beef mixture. Cover the skillet, reduce heat to low, and cook until the mixture is heated through, 5 to 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio
This was wonderful! I added more olives (because we love olives), some of the olive brine (instead of more salt) and I didn't have any sazon so I improvised by mixing equal parts of coriander, cumin, achiote (ground annatto), salt and powdered garlic. Served with rice and fried plantains. Really, really, really good! Technically the fam rated 4.5 but I like to round up.  I need to call out that despite having family members that either dislike raisins and/or green olives - they all liked this! The two - plus the briny capers - balance each other out very well! My only change was to combined steps 1 & 2 (why brown separately?) and I added about 1/2 c chopped fresh tomatoes (from my garden). If I could go back, I would have either added another 8oz can of tomato sauce OR double the fresh chopped tomatoes I added. I don’t think this alone had enough sauce….which! If you are making this for empanada filling, would be unnecessary, but, if serving over rice like I did, a little more sauce goes a long way.  Overall, we thought this was fantastic and I would make again! Thanks Amalloch! Delicious only one change - I’d suggest you drain the grease from the ground beef after browning. I would make it again, but it definitely needs the entire tablespoon of cumin, more garlic, plus a bay leaf. I also think I would use a can of diced tomatoes rather than sauce.  Oh, and I added a splash of vinegar as suggested by another reviewer. A good excuse for rice. Flavorful. Easy. Fast.  Non traditional comfort food Do not use a tablespoon of cumin as the recipe calls for, way too much! Second batch I reduced to 1 teaspoon, added 2 dashes of adobe, much better. This is the only recipe that calls for a tablespoon of cumin and that is what you will taste., too much! Way too much cumin for me!
