Chef John's Pumpkin Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220494/chef-johns-holiday-pumpkin-bread/
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Spray a 9x5-inch loaf pan with cooking spray. Mix butter and sugar in a large bowl until light and fluffy. Whisk in eggs one at a time until combined. Whisk in the pumpkin puree, cinnamon, Chinese five-spice powder, and allspice until combined. Stir flour, salt, baking powder, and baking soda into the pumpkin mixture and mix until just combined. Stir in chopped walnuts. Pour batter into the prepared loaf pan. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 1 hour. achel Eldridg
I only made one change and that was using chopped pecans in the bread only because we don't care for walnuts. I did up the pecans to a full cup because I wanted to sprinkle some chopped nuts on top. I made muffins out of this recipe instead of one big loaf. I was able to get 18 muffins out of one recipe. I baked my muffins at 350* for almost 22 minutes. These muffins were moist, chewy, flavorful and all around just WONDERFUL. One of the best pumpkin quick breads I've ever made. I'll make this one again. Nice and moist. Yummmmeeee! I will definitely make this again….and again!I had already used a small amount of the canned pumpkin for something and it did not impact the flavour at all. I weighed the dry ingredients in grams and then I substituted a heaping tablespoon of cinnamon, 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger and 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg for the 5 Spice. Added 1 cup toasted pecans at the end. Tested at 1 hour and it was done perfectly. I made without nuts as did not have any on hand. No other changes. This bread is moist and delicious. My hubby loves anything pumpkin and went bonkers over this bread. This is a good recipe for pumpkin bread. My family loved it. I forgot the allspice.  A person suggested using a bit more sugar and I would add another 1/4 cup next time. Might add a few raisins  also.  Will make again. I made it (multiple times).  This is the one pumpkin bread i can get my husband to eat.  I split the sugar -half normal-half Splenda.  It was fantastic. Thanks Chef John!  If you have a lower carb suggestion please speak up.  We are a house hold of diabetics who can’t give up breads ... This recipe was very popular with family and guests over the holidays -- made this bread three separate times and everyone loved it!  I will make this Pumpkin Bread again. Better then any other pumpkin bread recipe I’ve tried, will definitely make again. Wonderfully moist, fluffy and not too sweetness. I made to the recipe except sub walnuts for semi-sweet chocolate chips. Such a beautiful recipe. I made 10 jumbo muffins, baking them for 25 minutes. I always double (at least) the spices in any spice cake, but that's just my personal preference. I also used half coconut sugar, and half raw sugar, and topped it off with cream cheese frosting. I will be making this again! I made as written and would have enjoyed more spicing.
