Old-Fashioned Pancakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220415/old-fashioned-pancakes/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Sift together flour, baking powder, sugar, and salt in a large bowl. Whisk in milk, melted butter, and egg until combined. Let batter rest for 5 minutes. Preheat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Spray with cooking spray. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour batter into the hot skillet, about 1/4 cup batter for each pancake. Cook until bubbles appear on the sides and center of each pancake, 2 to 3 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Flip and cook until the bottom is golden, 1 to 2 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve with butter and maple syrup and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
Was using boxed mix but ran out. Pulled up AllRecipes and this was on the front page, so we decided to try the recipe. Followed the recipe as is. They were the best pancakes I've ever had!! Light and fluffy with great flavor!!! Homemade from scratch is always better Worked perfectly and taste great too!! I use salted butter and eliminate the salt in the recipe. Otherwise this is the perfect recipe and my entire family (all 9 of us) agrees. Rubbery, gross, went straight into the bin I made these and they were perfectly thin,as my kids would say. I did add 1 tsp of vanilla and 1 tsp cinnamon 😋 Recipe as posted is 2 stars.   Every recipe is a starting point for you to tweak to your taste.  Having said that, the second time I made these pancakes I added a 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract and reduced salt to 1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt.  Also reduced the baking powder to 2.5 teaspoons.  To compensate for the lower amount of baking powder, I whipped the egg white separately to the soft peak stage and folded it into the batter just before cooking the pancakes.   Pancakes were light, fluffy and delicious. Great pancake recipe. My batter came out a touch thicker than in the video but that just made them better in my opinion.The recipe is a great base to work off. I add one peeled and diced Granny Smith apple that is lightly sautéed in a tablespoon of butter, a tablespoon of brown sugar and a pinch each cinnamon, nutmeg (freshly grated of course) and allspice. I add a teaspoon of cinnamon to the dry ingredients.  Makes some great apple cinnamon pancakes!
