Classic Hash Browns
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220520/classic-hash-browns/
Shred potatoes into a large bowl filled with cold water. Stir until water is cloudy; drain and cover potatoes again with fresh cold water. Stir again to dissolve excess starch. Drain potatoes well, pat dry with paper towels, and squeeze out any excess moisture. Heat clarified butter in a large nonstick pan over medium heat. Sprinkle shredded potatoes into hot butter in an even layer; season with cayenne pepper, paprika, salt, and black pepper. Cook potatoes until a brown crust forms on the bottom, about 5 minutes. Flip or stir and continue to cook until potatoes are browned and crusty all over, about 5 more minutes.
Great method for cooking hash browns. I grated the potatoes into my salad spinner full of cold water - used that to triple rinse the potatoes and then drained them and spun the water out. The clarified butter is perfect for these as it can cook at a higher temperature than whole butter. I used a cast iron pan and don't flip or stir until you get a nice crisp bottom - then flip and stir and crisp up the rest. Excellent! it's simple Best hash browns I've had in ages!  Thanks for sharing the recipe. Cooked as directed, turned out perfect. Great recipe... Terrible no heat and a pinch isn’t a good way of measuring spices Perfect Hash Brown's.  Love this recipie Easy way to make hash browns I didn't know it was so EASY!  Thank you Chef John! I cooked mine with some bacon grease and butter, since the bacon was thin sliced and didn't get much of the lard. To my potatoes, I added onion salt, paprika and pepper. I cooked them like Chef John suggested and it was delicious. Loved the crispy hash browns! Did change the spices to what I liked. Used garlic powder and onion powder and some salt. Nothing else. The recipe is tasty as written, and spices can be adjusted for indivual tastes.  However, I don't think clarified butter is necessary.   The same result can obtained with unsalted butter plus a few drops of oil which would raise the cooking temperature without without burning the potatoes.   Of course, each stove is different and you may have to adjust the temperature based on the type of pan you are using.
