Simple Garlic Shrimp
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220597/simple-garlic-shrimp/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat olive oil in a heavy skillet over high heat until it just begins to smoke. Place shrimp in an even layer on the bottom of the pan and cook for 1 minute without stirring. otdash Meredith Food Studio Season shrimp with salt; cook and stir until shrimp begin to turn pink, about 1 minute. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add garlic and red pepper flakes; cook and stir for 1 minute. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in lemon juice, caper brine, 1 piece of butter, and 1/2 of the parsley; cook until butter has melted, about 1 minute. otdash Meredith Food Studio Reduce heat to low and stir in remaining 3 pieces butter. Cook and stir until butter has melted, sauce is thick, and shrimp are pink and opaque, 2 to 3 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove shrimp with a slotted spoon and transfer to a bowl; continue to cook butter sauce, adding water, 1 teaspoon at a time, if too thick, about 2 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Season with salt to taste; serve shrimp topped with the pan sauce and remaining parsley. Enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
Absolutely delicious. Almost skipped the caper brine but decided on a last minute trip to the store for it. Absolutely worth it as it adds a certain zing. Company or weeknight - couldn't be better! Be sure to watch the video: it is short and gives helpful instructions. I will be making this again! This was very flavorful and easy to make. I didn’t have parsley, so that was not included. It didn’t make enough sauce for me, I made it to serve over pasta, so I might increase the recipe next time. I liked it and will make it again when I have red pepper flakes and parsley. I will cook the diced garlic first and then throw in the shrimp because I think nine minutes is too long and I prefer a total cook time of three minutes on the shrimp. Being certain to dump everything out of the pan onto plates the moment the shrimp is cooked. This is better than regular scampi.  I made it as the recipe called for, only added pasta to the sauce.  Excellent. I used more hot pepper I used fresh lemons and fresh garlic....WOW!!  This is going to be a staple recipe. Next time will add half n half when I make it in the fall/winter. :)
