Pineapple Upside Down Cupcakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220808/pineapple-upside-down-cupcakes/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Move an oven rack to the middle of the oven. Spray 24 muffin cups with cooking spray. Spoon 1 teaspoon melted butter into the bottom of each sprayed muffin cup. Spoon 1 tablespoon brown sugar into each muffin cup. Press a maraschino cherry into the center of the brown sugar in each muffin cup. Spoon a heaping tablespoon of crushed pineapple on top and compact it with the back of a spoon into an even layer. Mix pineapple cake mix, pineapple juice, vegetable oil, and eggs in a large bowl with an electric mixer on low speed until moistened, about 30 seconds. Increase speed to medium; mix for 2 minutes. Pour batter into the muffin cups, filling them to the top; do not overfill. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center of a cupcake comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Line a work surface with waxed paper. Allow cupcakes to cool at least 5 minutes before inverting muffin cups onto the waxed paper; serve with pineapple and cherry sides up. Sprinkle cupcakes lightly with confectioners' sugar before serving.
I've been making this basic recipe for years with a couple differences: I used a yellow cake mix with the juice from the pineapple in place of the water (add water to the juice if necessary). I've used pineapple tidbits and rings cut up to fit instead of the crushed pineapple. Crushed pineapple can sometimes make the cake under it too mushy sometimes. Instead of putting the batter directly into the muffin pan, I used paper liners which is so much easier for lunches and serving at picnics. It's a surprise when they take the paper off to eat it! It's basically sweet enough for me to eat like this but occasionaly I've dusted powdered sugar on top of the cupcakes after slightly cooled. Oh, and if you're a coconut lover, add a little to the brown sugar before laying in the pineapple and cherries. This is a great recipe anyway you make it! It was a great recipe and I make it every year around the holidays. It's a favorite amongst my family and my coworkers I think the brown sugar amount could be lessened to 2 teaspoons instead of 1 tablespoon since quite a bit was left in the cups after taking them out. I used cut pineapple pieces instead to make it prettier. Also the amount of batter didn’t fully fill each cup of my 24 cup pan. 2 cakes are actually shorter since I had to split the little bit of batter that was left. They have great taste and are also fluffy. Would make again with my tweaks! The recipe is inaccurate because it called for 1 20oz can of pineapple and 1 tablespoon per tin and that only lasted 12 tins even though it’s a recipe for 24…so now I have a dozen tins without pineapple, a ton of batter left and one dozen in the oven with 1/2 less pineapple juice than the recipe called for…moral of the story, if you make this get 2 20oz cans. As suggested by some other readers, I used a yellow cake mix and used pineapple tidbits.  The juice from the can was less than a cup.  I supplemented with some cherry juice.  I used 8 small ramekins and was also able to get 7 cupcakes. Only 1/2 tsp butter is needed on the cupcakes.  These cakes are delicious! Impressed by how easy it was USED IT AS IT WAS! Nice and easy
