Easy Pressure Cooker Pot Roast
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220869/easy-pressure-cooker-pot-roast/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat oil in a pressure cooker over medium-high heat. Sear roast on all sides in hot oil until browned; season with salt, onion powder, and pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour in beef broth and Worcestershire sauce; add onion and seal the lid. Bring the cooker up to full pressure. Reduce heat to low, maintaining full pressure, and cook for 30 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Use the quick-release method to lower the pressure. Stir in potatoes and carrots and seal the lid; bring the cooker up to full pressure and cook for an additional 15 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Use the quick-release method again and transfer roast and vegetables to a serving dish. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I made a few adjustments to this recipe, because I wanted somethingI could do all at once. I cut the carrots and onion into large pieces and put them in the bottom of the cooker place the roast on top and used new potatoes left whole and put them on top of the roast ...cook under full pressure for 1 hr 15 or so for a 3 lb roast. As long as the skin on the new potatoes is not broken they stay intact and still absorb all the flavor, and I don't have to cool the pot down. My family love the potatoes they are soft and fluffy when you cut into them. Nope...never making this again. Couldn't eat it First time using ninja foodie 10in1 perfection momma will be proud Nothing replaces the flavor of a slow-cooked pot roast. I followed the directions to the letter - there was almost no flavor. My family did not like it either. First time and last time I will ever use a pressure cooker for a roast. Yuck! This was my first time using a pressure cooker and only my second time making a pot roast. My pot roast came as a kit with the roast, all the veggies, and a seasoning packet included. The roast was large but rather flat. So I put the roast in first with the potatoes, carrots, and onions on top. I mixed the season packet with 1 cup of water and poured it on top.  Then I took my chances and set the cook time for 15 minutes. I released the steam when the time was up per recipe instructions. We have never had a better pot roast. It tasted better than the previous one I had cooked all day in the slow cooker. I am so glad we decided to purchase this. I am looking at recipes with new eyes now, looking at ways I can adapt them to the pressure cooker. BTW, I purchased the Farberware 6 qt pressure cooker. This recipe flavorful and was was a good start.I feel like the cooking times might be reduced by about 20%. I prefer to have a medium rare roast and firmer vegetables. It came out so delicious and fast
