Chef John's Italian Meatballs
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220854/chef-johns-italian-meatballs/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cover a baking sheet with foil and spray lightly with cooking spray. Soak bread crumbs in milk in a small bowl for 20 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Meanwhile, heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add onion; cook and stir until onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to low and continue cooking and stirring until onion is very tender, about 15 minutes more. otdash Meredith Food Studio Gently stir beef and pork together in a large bowl. Add onions, bread crumb mixture, eggs, Parmesan cheese, parsley, garlic, salt, black pepper, Italian herb seasoning, and red pepper flakes; mix together using a rubber spatula until combined. Cover and refrigerate for about one hour. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Form mixture into balls about 1 ½ inches in diameter; arrange in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until browned and cooked through, 15 to 20 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve with your favorite tomato sauce. Enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
I made Chef John's meatloaf a week or so ago and it was quite tasty which made me excited to try his meatball recipe. The bread crumbs I used in this recipe were made from homemade garlic-butter croutons and I cut back on the salt just a bit. To make uniform meat balls, I used my small cookie scoop. After baking my meatballs, I drained the fat off of them and added them to a homemade marinara and let them sit in the sauce for 20 minutes or so before I served them on pasta. The family really thought these were quite good. They held up well (to both cooking in the oven and sitting in the marinara) and had a nice flavor. Next time, I'd double the italian seasoning but that's really just personal to our family. These are delicious, just follow directions💖 Good, but seemed to need a bit more flavor.  With so many 5 star reviews, it may just be me.  Maybe my spices are a little old?  I did like the ease of the recipe. I substitute water for milk, otherwise I do it all the same except more parsley and garlic and probably more onion.  They are amazing. So GOOD!  This is the best Italian Meatball recipe I've ever made.  I doubled the recipe and froze most for future use.  I used ground pork and 90% ground beef.  I also used my smallest ice cream scoop to make the meatballs and doubled the recipe.  I am saving this recipe and will make it again. Easy and delicious!!! These are fantastic.  Great flavors.  Perfect texture.  I didn’t have Italian seasoning blend so I used a mixture of dried oregano, thyme, rosemary and basil.  My son and his friends ate them up and husband thought they were just as good or better than any restaurant. 2nd time making these: so good. but forgot!! that I needed a pasta sauce to complete the recipe. Had some in pantry, yes! and then had a hard time deciding what to serve with them. ❤️ I love these meatballs. I make them with every pasta dinner I have.They are easy to make and delicious to eat Chef John is a genius. I've made these meatballs many many times. Well worth the prep and effort. Freeze portions easily. I add minced green bell pepper.
