Chef John's Buttermilk Biscuits
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220943/chef-johns-buttermilk-biscuits/
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with a silicone baking mat or parchment paper. Whisk flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt together in a large bowl. Add cold butter slices and cut into the flour with a pastry blender until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Make a well in the center of the mixture. Pour cold buttermilk into the well and stir gently until just combined. Turn dough onto a floured work surface and pat it together into a rectangle. Fold the rectangle in thirds. Turn dough a half turn, gather any crumbs, and flatten back into a rectangle. Repeat twice more, folding and pressing the dough a total of three times. Roll dough on a floured surface to about 1/2 inch thick. Use a 2 1/2-inch round biscuit cutter to cut biscuits. Reroll any scraps to cut more biscuits; you should get 12 total. Transfer biscuits to the prepared baking sheet. Press an indent into the top of each biscuit with your thumb. Brush buttermilk over the tops. Bake in the preheated oven until biscuits are flaky and golden brown, about 15 minutes. Enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
This is a great recipe! I did not change any of the ingredients, but in the directions I put the flour and ice cold butter into a foodprocessor and blized it together for about 30 seconds- (Much easier than cutting it in) Then I continued as directed. The biscuts still came out light and flaky. So easy and so good!  I only made one change because I didn’t have any buttermilk on hand.  Used whole milk with a tablespoon of white vinegar and allowed it to sit for ten minutes.  It worked out perfect!  The biscuits were light, buttery and had great flavor and texture.  I did use my food processor to cut in the butter.  Add the dry ingredients to the processor and then slice in the butter.  Pulse several times until it is crumbly.  Easy peasy!  Make sure you use unsalted butter, otherwise you will be adding too much salt to the recipe.  I believe it made around 15 biscuits because I use a slightly smaller, antique biscuit cutter and I may have rolled it a little thin because I don’t like my biscuits really big.  But they turned out perfect and my husband and I enjoyed them thoroughly with country ham!  Thanks for a great recipe. Perfect! Used these with the Apple Sausage Gravy. Perfect biscuits! The folding technique gives you a very flaky biscuit. Instead of rolling out and cutting with a round cutter, I just patted the dough into a square and cut it into 9 pieces, so my biscuits were a bit bigger. I actually adapted this recipe to be gluten and dairy free and it turns out amazing every time! Thanks for a great recipe! Great Biscuits. I suggest making sure frozen butter is grated, refrozen and not cut up as it is finer and easier to incorporate into dry ingredients .  Also, I use a bench scraper and not a round cutter to cut as you get less rework with square biscuits with the same amount of mixture. Try ‘em, you’ll love them….. Great biscuits! Just saved to my favorites folder. The key to these (and all biscuits) is to not overmix.  This was probably the problem of the baker that describe them as "hockey pucks."  The butter should still be lumps in the batter.  Also, I had previously cut up the butter and kept in the fridge as a do-ahead short cut. That worked out great to keep the butter very cold.  As a tip for reducing clean up time--- mix the dough in a shallow bowl so that you can do the kneading maneuver right in the bowl.  I use a silicone baking sheet to bake and also one to roll out the dough.  In my experience, recipes such as this do not double well because the butter gets warm and dough gets over worked- better to make two batches.  Hope this helps you to make delicious biscuits and have a quick clean up! I didn't have buttermilk so I used 1/2 milk & sour cream!!!  Turned out great Turned out great.
