Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip Banana Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220941/peanut-butter-chocolate-chip-banana-bread/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray a 9x5-inch loaf pan with cooking spray. Whisk whole wheat flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl. Stir mashed bananas, peanut butter, brown sugar, yogurt, egg, and canola oil thoroughly in a separate bowl. Stir banana mixture into dry ingredients until thoroughly combined; stir in chocolate chips. Spoon batter into the prepared loaf pan. Bake in the preheated oven until the loaf is lightly browned at the edges and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 40 to 50 minutes. Cool the bread in the pan on a rack for 15 minutes before removing bread to finish cooling on rack. Slice when cool.
I followed this recipe exact, only adding a teaspoon of pure vanilla extract and using mini-chocolate chips. I made muffins out of this recipe instead of one big loaf. I did not get 12 muffins, I got 11. Baked at 350*, my muffins were done at exactly 20 minutes. These turned out PERFECT--moist, flavorful with a great combination of ingredients. Awesome snack muffin. Ok. Uses nutritious ingrediants. However, I used Olive Oil.  Canola Oil is not a good oil to ingest, because of the way it is made.  Also, I like the suggestion of Sarah Jo to use Vanilla.   That could enhanced  the flavor. Made muffins. Didn’t have chocolate chips so used skor pieces and chopped walnut. Added some cocoa to batter. Loved recipe. This is my new favorite banana bread recipe.  The addition of the peanut butter mellows out the stronger banana flavor.  The result is a more balanced flavor.  I was skeptical about it having only whole wheat flour, thinking it might be too dense, but that was not the case.  The bread is very moist and flavorful.  Highly recommended! This makes a very moist and light bread, almost cake-like, despite using wheat flour. Full disclosure, I didn't have bananas on-hand, so I subsituted 1 cup of prune whip for the 2 ripe bananas. It turned out amazing! You don't tast the prune, other than the added fruit sugar sweetness, but it adds the same moisture and acid you would get from the bananas. I also used natural smooth peanut butter instead of crunchy and larger "mini-kiss" style chocolate chips. I'll try it with the bananas next time because I do like the taste combo of chocolate, banana, and peanut butter. i made it in to muffins .Awsome This is a wonderful recipe.  When I followed the recipe as is the bread/cake was moist and perfectly sweet.  When used keto flour; monk fruit; Pb fit and a boat load of  sugar free chocolate chips and chopped peanuts it was divine! Delicious! Used half a/p flour and half white wheat flour, applesauce for the oil, and a 1/2 cup brown sugar. I will certainly make again but with less chocolate chips. I have been making this for years. I originally found the Recipe in Vegetarian times.I like to make this batter into muffins, because they are pre-portioned and pack easily into lunches and make a great grab and go breakfast. bake the muffins for about 20 minutes. To make the muffins look really professional (great for bake sales), sprinkle chopped peanuts, mini chocolate chips or both onto the top of the muffins before baking.To make the muffins look I have made this bread several times and learned that you must follow the recipe exactly. I tried adding more chocolate chips once and that was a mistake. My boyfriend and the guys at his firehouse love it when I make this for them.
