Slow Cooker, Easy Baked Potato Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220910/slow-cooker-easy-baked-potato-soup/
Put potatoes in the bottom of your slow cooker crock. Scatter flour over the potatoes; toss to coat. Scatter bacon bits, red onion, garlic, chicken bouillon, ranch dressing mix, parsley, seasoned salt, and black pepper over the potatoes. Pour water into the slow cooker. Cook on Low 7 to 9 hours. Pour half-and-half into the soup; cook another 15 minutes. Garnish with Cheddar cheese and green onion to serve.
I am the writer of this recipe, and am so glad that others have enjoyed it! I wanted to mention a few things. First, please use REAL bacon crumbles, NOT imitation bacon bits. Hormel makes these, as do others. I can't imagine this would be the same with imitation bacon bits. The dry ranch dressing mix adds a great amount of flavor, so don't skip it. However, if you don't have dry ranch dressing mix, you can make your own (below). It makes a large amount, but is great for so many things (on meat, in soups/chili, burritos, etc.) To make it, simply combine and store in an airtight container: 1/4 cup dried chives 1/4 cup dried parsley 1/4 cup dried dill weed 2 tablespoons garlic powder 2 tablespoons onion powder 1 tablespoon salt 1 tablespoon ground black pepperAnother variation my family enjoys is adding 1/2 cup-1 cup of Velveta Cheese. Also, for clarification, the 10 red potatoes are small-medium sized. If you buy the large ones, that are about the size of the palm of a hand, I would significantly cut back the number. You need to take a cup of the potatoes and blend it with some milk, then pour back into the soup for a heartier soup.  I also add 2 diced leeks for more depth.  Changed water to chicken broth. Followed the recipe exactly. Best potato soup I've ever had. It's creamy but not glue-thick. Bursting with flavor. I didn't know how much bacon would crumble to make 3/4 cup so I cooked one-half pound. Perfect. No changes. I wasn’t excited about trying this recipe because I’m not a big soup person but my pregnant daughter INSISTED on homemade potato soup so I chose this recipe and WOW! I doubled the recipe because my grandma taught me that “nobody leaves the table hungry” and when I tell you that there was less than one full bowl left after dinner I’m not exaggerating ONE BIT! The only things I did differently was to fry and crumble my own bacon and replaced the water and bullion with chicken broth. It is so good that it is now in our rotation! Thanks for such an easy and DELICIOUS recipe! Very good. Hearty.I used chicken broth instead of water for a little more flavor. Also added 2 tablespoons of butter for a more baked potato taste. Super yum and very easy! I'll be adding this to my recipe collection. I added extra garlic, used heavy whipping cream, and didn't add parsley or the garnishes.
