Chef John's Crab Cakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/221079/chef-johns-crab-cakes/
Mix crushed crackers, mayonnaise, Dijon, seafood seasoning, Worcestershire sauce, egg, cayenne, and salt together in a large bowl. Add crabmeat and stir until combined but still chunky. Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour. Sprinkle bread crumbs onto a plate. Shape chilled crab mixture into four small, thick patties. Coat patties completely with bread crumbs. Melt butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add crab cakes and cook until golden brown, about 4 minutes per side.
Excellent! If you are looking for a true Maryland crab cake, look no further. This is it! I have lived in Maryland, minutes from the Chesapeake Bay for 25 years, and this is practically identical to mine (I just use 12 crushed Ritz crackers, no bread crumbs), but I will try Chef John's version. I'm very lucky, get fresh crabmeat all summer and Old Bay is a must, if you can get it. You must try this recipe! I attempted to download a pic, mine turned out perfect…all I added was minced scallions and Tabasco sauce….another winner from chef John… We loved these except they didn't bind together very well. I may try a few more crackers next time. I served them with corn on the cob and a green salad for dinner. The best crab cake I have ever made or eaten here in the South always seems to much filler added.I diced up two green onions well and added to the mix and used Ritz Crackers a whole small sleeve.I crushed up another cracker sleeve very fine under a spoon and added equal amount of bread crumbs.I then placed the patties in the freezer over the fridge for about 45 mins on wax paper.This allowed me to peel up later thaw a bit drop into the coating and fry without  falling apart.The meal was accompanied with fried green tomatoes ,hollandaise sauce and raw oysters/crackers.No leftovers tonight. Made this one several times.  Publix has some 8 ounce packs of wild caught crab.  No shells, all nice clean crab.  Breaks up just like shown on the video.  I use captains wafers instead of saltines.  Do not like how panko bread crumbs cook.  I am going to made some crumbs out of  Chef John's croutons.  Nine guests this time. I loves my Chef John! You're my GO-TO Guy! Thank you for all you do and give to us! Love Love! (Pro Chef here). It was delicious! We had fresh crab for dinner last night and I used the leftovers for crab cakes today. It's unusual for us to have leftover crab but I'll make sure we do from now on so I can make crab cakes! I followed the directions exactly and as usual Chef John doesn’t disappoint.  Excellent recipe and so easy. Thanks Chef John.
