Candied Bacon
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/221007/candied-bacon/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Mix brown sugar, rice vinegar, maple syrup, and black pepper in a small bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place bacon slices on a cooling rack set over a baking sheet. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven for 10 minutes, turn slices, and bake another 5 minutes. Remove bacon and brush both sides with brown sugar mixture. otdash Meredith Food Studio Return bacon to the oven and bake another 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Repeat basting every 5 minutes until bacon is browned and crisp, about 35 minutes. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
Candied bacon is exactly right! It took an hour to get to the point of doneness in my photo, and that was turning it up for the last 15 minutes. I did everything that was listed in the recipe, and the results were worth it. Interesting. I had a package of bacon that weighed 1.25 pounds, and half I used for this and half I fried as usual. The ingredients for the candied part was just right for that amount of bacon. The saltiness of the regularly fried bacon was so pronounced after tasting the candied bacon! We had friends over for brunch, and the guys preferred the regular, but we gals loved the candied. We were thinking of cutting the bacon in half, skewering it on pretty little sticks, and serving it for a party. Trust me, it would be a hit! Thanks again, as usual, Chef John! Cooking bacon on a rack takes 3-4 times longer than baking in the sheet pan due to no grease to cook in.  Recommend partial 3/4 cook before putting on rack and basting. I have been making candied bacon for years and this is, without fail, my go-to recipe. The rice vinegar is crucial and makes all the difference. I would personally recommend thick-cut bacon, and doubling the amount of candy mixture. Other recipes call for simply sprinkling brown sugar over raw bacon then baking it. Compared to that, this recipe may seem rather labor-intensive, but it is well worth it. This candied bacon is exactly right. My family friends love it so much that I have been pressured to start selling it LOL. I’ve made this several times just as described. It’s delicious and is always hit when company visits our home. Usually disappears the first day regardless of how much I make. Definitely a keeper! OMG!!  There's a restaurant in our area that serves this bacon with their Sunday brunch.  This is served as a standard feature with their Bloody Mary bar option (along with jumbo shrimp) that is to die for.  Yes, both treats come with their Bloody Mary.  But this bacon is soooo good! I went through double the ingredients on 1.5 lbs of bacon. I used regular thick cut bacon, but I will purchase bacan twice as thick next time. loved it My husband and son loved this candied 🥓!!! took longer to cook and yes you need to double the syrup recipe but very good. Good recipe but I actually found that the cook time was about double what is listed in this recipe
