Carolina-Style Barbeque Sauce
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/221164/carolina-style-barbeque-sauce/
Heat oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Place apple pieces in saucepan; cook and stir until they are slightly caramelized, about 2 minutes. Stir brown sugar into apples; cook, stirring constantly, until the mixture starts to bubble, about 2 minutes. Pour apple cider vinegar into saucepan. Reduce heat to low and cover. Cook until the apples are soft and falling apart, about 30 minutes. Remove from heat. Whisk in mustard, red pepper flakes, and black pepper. Transfer mixture to blender and puree until completely smooth.
Good, but needed a bit more liquid and a bit more sweetness to counter the tart. Really nice on the pork, though. Have not made this yet . Gathering all the comments..I cannot consume anything tomato..so always missing Ketchup. Heniz makes a Carolina BBQ sauce.. But i was hoping to create my own from scratch. Taking the suggestion of Cayenne so adjusting the heat us easier. Will use Honeycrisp apples they are on the sweet side. I have a vast collection of vinegars so will choose wisely  to make mine. Thank you everyone that commented.. I am so excited!!! I used veganized brown sugar. I used pears instead of apples. From middle Ga to Piedmont NC mustard base BBQ sauce is SC-Style BBQ sauce. Elsewhere Carolina-based is tomato / vinegar-blend with a lot of variation in the proportion of each. Looking forward to giving this a spin as I have some fond memories of SC-BBQs. A perfect go-to for any bar-b-q My husband and I are on a competition BBQ team and love to try different styles of BBQ sauce. Being from NC I was initially appalled at the name but it is pretty accurate since it is a mashup of SC mustard sauce and Lexington(NC) "dip". Made as written and we felt it had way too much of the red pepper flakes. Will make again but will use cayenne so it's easier to adjust the heat, a bit of smoked chipotle and sub Dijon for the yellow mustard. Definitely not the Carolina-Style BBQ sauce I grew up with.  I prefer the one with more vinegar and less mustard.  Piedmont-Style North Carolina BBQ sauce is the best. Whew this is spicy! A good spicy. Loved the apple flavor. I would cut the heat some next go around but that's my preference. I'd make it for a party as written.  Very simple to make and impressive. I thought this was very good but sadly the rest of the family was not impressed. I left out the pepper flakes only because we had a young child at our table. Thank you for sharing your recipe.
