Baked Buffalo Chicken Dip
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/221131/baked-buffalo-chicken-dip/
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Stir chicken, cream cheese, hot pepper sauce, 1/2 cup pepper Jack, blue cheese dressing, blue cheese, seafood seasoning, and a pinch cayenne pepper together in a large bowl until well combined. Transfer to a 9-inch round baking dish and smooth into an even layer. Sprinkle 2 tablespoons pepper Jack over top. Bake in the preheated oven until lightly browned on top, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven, add another pinch cayenne pepper, and sprinkle green onions over top.
I'm rating this 4 stars but don't get me wrong, it's very addictive, just be sure everyone in your group loves blue cheese. I prefer the original Frank's recipe which is on this site. If I were to make this one again, I would use either the blue cheese dressing or fresh blue cheese, but not both. I personally thought it was a bit overwhelming. I've done it before with Ranch and the result was amazing. Sooooo good!!  Not a drop left by the guests!!! Was the rave of the party!!   Followed the directions by Chef John exactly! I have made this a couple times now with a few changes. I don't use the full amount of cream cheese but use half the amount with sour cream. I also do not like bleu cheese at all and just use ranch instead with Mexican melting cheese to sub the crumbles. I have been using the different flavors of Cholula hot sauce for this and so far the green pepper was my favorite. I'm going to use the chili lime one this weekend. I also end up adding some spices & herbs for more flavor- oregano, cumin, chili powder, fresh chives, etc. I like the suggestion of using a BBQ rotisserie instead of a plain one. Overall, a good recipe. Great recipe. Easy, tasty, and worth putting in your food rotation. A party favorite at my house! I am asked to make this all the time The whole family loves this dish. It's always a big hit. I live in Buffalo, and everyone here makes chicken wing dip . Unfortunately, this recipe uses too much bleu cheese, and it is very overpowering. I know it sounds weird, but try substituting the bleu cheese crumbles with ranch instead. So it's half bleu cheese and half ranch. You won't be disappointed. A nice spin on the recipe is using a BBQ rotisserie chicken. It tastes like hot BBQ chicken wings! Very good balance of flavor.  Will make again! I made this for my dad since I had leftover chicken breast and he loves blue cheese. He is enjoying it very much even though I didn't use blue cheese crumbles. Thanks came out great
