Shrimp Quesadillas
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/221294/shrimp-quesadillas/
Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion and bell peppers; cook, stirring frequently, until onion is translucent and peppers are soft, 6 to 8 minutes. Add salt, cumin, and chili powder; stir to coat vegetables. Add shrimp; cook and stir until shrimp are opaque and no longer pink in the center, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in minced jalapeño and lime juice. Heat another skillet over medium heat and brush with about 1 teaspoon oil. Place one tortilla in the hot skillet; spoon about 1/6 of the shrimp filling and 1/2 cup Mexican cheese blend onto one side of tortilla. Fold tortilla in half. Cook until lightly browned on the bottom, about 5 minutes. Flip and cook until lightly browned on the other side, 3 to 5 minutes. Repeat to make remaining quesadillas.
These are very, very good! I don't like bell pepper, so I used my usual replacement in fajitas, poblano pepper. I also grated my own cheese...a blend of sharp cheddar and Jack. Did everything else as written and we LOVED them! Definitely sprinkle with fresh cilantro before you fold over the tortilla...that's mentioned in the description, but not the ingredients. Served with black beans, sour cream and salsa and it's a wonderful meal. Thanks for sharing your recipe. Delish!  The fresh lime really brightens the flavors.  Definitely a keeper and very easy.  I followed exactly as written and served with sour cream, cilantro and salsa. Skip the jalapeños. This was delicious, not too spicy so next time will add more spices... I followed almost... No red peppers or salsa and I added old bay... Did make with black beans and Mexican rice(not pictured on my plate) This is "out of this world!"  I will make it for all my friends again. My husband doesMost of the cooking. I made this the other day and he’s still talking about how good it was. He never does that! Lol I thought this was good.  I'm not a fan of cumin so I think next time I'll add less cumin and incorporate some garlic into the dish.  I don't put my tortillas in oil, I use a seasoned comal (flat cast iron pan).  Overall I was pleased with the outcome.
