Grilled Korean-Style Beef Short Ribs
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/221226/grilled-korean-style-beef-short-ribs/
Mix pear slices, sherry wine, soy sauce, rice vinegar, brown sugar, garlic, ginger, hoisin sauce, hot chili paste, and sesame oil in a blender until smooth, about 4 minutes. Arrange short ribs in a 9x13-inch baking dish and coat completely with marinade. Cover baking dish with plastic wrap and transfer to the refrigerator to marinate for 8 to 12 hours. Remove short ribs to a plate and blot dry with paper towel to remove excess marinade. Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat, and lightly oil the grate. Grill short ribs until firm, hot, and slightly pink in the center, about 4 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 140 degrees F (60 degrees C).
I liked this as it is. But I believe the next time I make it, I am going to substitute the Asian pear for pineapple. The main reason is the pineapple has more acidity and will tenderize the meat a bit better than the Asian pear. All in all a very good recipe. I spent 2 years in Korea and this dish brought me back. This is the first Chef John recipe that wasn’t a hit 😔. And I was so excited for it! While we actually didn’t eat it all, I’m giving three stars because I think some of my distaste is personal preference while some might be the quality of ingredients. I followed the recipe exact except used a regular pear vs an Asian pear, and used cooking sherry  - which I know isn’t great! - but all I had on hand. I marinated for 8 hours. I also should have used flanken cut short ribs but i didn’t - I used bone-in which, cooked tough. That might be another miss on my part. Sadly - I didn’t like the flavor but…struggled to pinpoint which ingredient threw me off. Since there are so many positive reviews - I think others should try this! It just wasn’t a hit for us. Thanks for sharing CJ. Thanks Chef John for sharing this recipe. I made it. My whole family loved it even my selective food 2 1/2 years old grandson, he loved it too. This is a keeper recipe. I was a little hesitant to make this. Turned out awesome! Next time I will double the marinade and let the ribs sit in it for a couple days for more flavor! made it for dinner  absolutely loved it didn't change a thing , will be making it again .No leftover 's This is the best short rib recipe I’ve found. I’ve tried to just chop up the ingredients and put it in a bag on a lazy day, and compared to making the marinade, it doesn’t even do it justice. The marinade is delicious, and the ribs require no extra seasoning. Perfect! Used this recipe, but without the pear and sherry wine. Marinated overnight, cooked in the oven at 360 degrees for 20 mins plus my husband put it in the grill just enough to get grill marks and char. Turned out AMAZING! Paired it with grilled corn and rice. Both my girls had second servings and I got 2 thumbs up plus a good head shake from my husband. Safe to say this recipe will be used time and time again! Fabulous! I followed the ingredient list to the letter BUT I turned the marinade into a braising sauce. I soaked the ribs in cold salted water while I made the sauce. Then browned the ribs in batches in a little oil in a large dutch oven, poured off the fat, deglazed the pot with a little water, returned the ribs along with the sauce to the Dutch oven. brought the sauce to a low boil, covered the pot and placed it in a 325 degree oven for 2 and a half hours and stirred it occasionally. Served over rice. It might be good to make it the day before serving and skim more of the fat. Delicious! I dis not have fresh pears, but had pear vinegar and it tasted so delicious. Meat was so tender it fell off the bone.
