Traditional Sauerbraten
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/221361/traditional-sauerbraten/
Place beef rump roast, onions, vinegar, water, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon black pepper, sugar, cloves, and bay leaves in a large pot. Cover and refrigerate for 2 to 3 days, turning meat daily. Remove meat from marinade and pat dry with paper towels, reserving marinade. otdash Meredith Food Studio Season flour to taste with salt and black pepper in a large bowl. Sprinkle flour mixture over beef. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat vegetable oil in a large Dutch oven or pot over medium heat; cook beef until brown on all sides, about 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour reserved marinade over beef, cover, and reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer until beef is tender, 3 1/2 to 4 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove beef to a platter and slice. otdash Meredith Food Studio Strain solids from remaining liquid and continue cooking over medium heat. Add gingersnap cookies and simmer until gravy is thickened, about 10 minutes. Serve gravy over sliced beef. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I cooked this in the crock pot all day (8 hours - 6 lbs) after marinating it for 5 days. WOW! Excellent falvor! I have made this in the past and it turned out tough - the crockpot is the way to go! Made the gravy with Nabisco Ginger Snaps - A real hit at our German themed dinner party. I also served spatsel, red cabbage, mashed potatoes and sourdough rolls with Lingonberry jam. Excellent! Too much cookie.  The sweetness wiped out the tangy sauce.  Next time I will just thicken with corn starch. Easy to make (first attempt). Had tons of flavor and great texture. I just got it in the refrigerator to marinate. After reading reviews I am going to let it go for 4 or 5 days. Nope. Don't change a thing. This is one recipe that can't be improved upon. This just isn’t for everyone and it certainly wasn’t for us. Followed exactly- starting the marinade Friday am and cooking for Sunday dinner. I was not loving the smell as it simmered on the stove…..which started to make me nervous. When it came time to add the ginger snaps in step 6, I couldn’t go through with it. If I couldn’t hardly stand the smell, how would another ingredient help? I planned to make spaetzle to pair with but scrapped that too. I ended up making a pizza and others ate dipping the beef in ketchup. Again, I don’t think this is a bad recipe! The roast was moist.  Just not something we care for. Thanks anyways! We add mustard and juniper seeds to the marinade. If you marinate the meat less than 5 days, heat the marinade up (not boiling) bevor pouring over the meat.I'm sure your grandmother was born somewhere, but there is no Nekkar am Rhein in Germany. ;) I've never tasted or made sauerbraten before so this was a fun new cooking and eating experience. Definitely a labor of love with the time it takes to marinate, cook, and make the gravy but the flavors are very punchy and hearty. I served with homemade spaetzle and leftovers were even more flavorful the next day. I don't think this will be my go-to roast recipe, but definitely fun for special occasions. I only had 40 hours to let it marinate because of an additional 4 hours of cooking time but it was amazing.  Next time I make it, I will let it sit for a minimum of three days.  I believe the cloves and the bay leaves help add the unique flavor to the meat and most definitely the ginger snaps made the delicious gravy. This will be on the top of my recipe pile for the winter :-) This is my go-to for sauerbraten. I use an instant-pot because I'm a lazy American. Here's the cheeky text I sent to my German-American mother, bringing this to our family Oktoberfest:Do your marinade in the instant pot, drain and reserve the marinade. Then, sautee in the pot with flour, and once seared, add the marinade back in. When the whole thing is done (2hr pressure cook), remove the meat, and drain the fat and solids with the fat remover. Take the liquid with the ginger snap cookies to make the gravy in the pot. This is my instant pot mod for this recipe.
