German Hamburgers (Frikadellen)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/221351/german-hamburgers-frikadellen/
Soak kaiser roll in a medium bowl of water for 10 minutes. Drain and squeeze out excess water; crumble into a large bowl. Add ground meats, onion, parsley, egg, paprika, salt, and black pepper to crumbled roll; mix until well blended. Shape mixture into large flattened meatballs. Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Fry meatballs in the hot skillet until browned and no longer pink in the center, about 5 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of a patty should read at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C).
This is a meal that is celebrated in many countries! Especially Europe and the Scandinavian countries. Part of the appeal is those seared edges and the softer centers. Putting the whole blob in a loaf pan and cooking as a loaf with NONE of the seared edges is not the recipe. If you want a meatloaf, make a meatloaf. If you want Frikadellen, follow the directions. But do not slam someone's recipe because you screwed it up and didn't like the mess you made. I do not think folks who totally change a recipe should have their rating counted. Just saying. Just like Oma used to make it, forgot about it over the many years.Definitely will be making it tonight. Don't have a kaiser roll, so a thick slice of French bread will have to do, also she used a little grated garlic if I remember correctly.Brings back memories from 70 years ago. Thank you. Every frikadelle I’ve ever seen or eaten is shaped differently, kinda like a torpedo and then breaded with breadcrumbs on the outside. Otherwise it’s pretty traditional. Loved to see it pop up! Einigkeit u. Recht u. Freiheit! I followed the recipe exactly, but used dried minced onions instead of fresh. They were delicious! I tripled the recipe and froze the extras. The burgers are very tasty and moist. Served like an American hamburger on a bun with mayo, mustard, relish. and ketsup. Have made these twice, and my husband loved them! Great recipe!!! This works well with unflavored breadcrumbs too. I used Smoked paprika, not hot and added fresh Thyme. It always goes well with German dishes. We serve it with either a white milk gravy or saute mushrooms and serve with Hunter Gravy. It goes really well with a chilled cucumber/onion salad. I'm not sure I've ever tasted Frikadellen so bland. I gave it a shot... even though there were so many ingredients missing. Where's the mustard, mace, onion, marjoram, milk, cardamom, etc? Luckily, I was able to crumble the meat and make s.o.s. with it. Wasn't good for much more than that. Been making these for many many years. You can use regular sweet paprika if you do t want the heat. I also soak my stale crusty bread in milk instead of water.I need to goMake some more. They do well in the freezer or in the fridge, then take one, slice it in half width wise make a sandwich with mustard HMMMMMMM I often make these but make them the way my German mother did. It is basically the same recipe but we don't add parsley. And the other thing I do is coat each Frikadell in either cornflake crumbs or bread crumbs. I fry them up in butter and oil and add milk towards the end to create a super yummy gravy! Sheesh....now I'm hungry!!!! Made them twice this way and so far, they’ve come out great both times. My grandmother used to make these a lot and my mother as well. Only thing different they did was to put them in a little breadcrumb right before frying them up. So the second time around, I did that as well. I even flattened the leftover patties out a little bit more and tried a few on the BBQ (without the breading). Also good! I used leftover buns I had not kaisers roll. Also soaked in milk rather than water. Taste was good with the parsley. These actually came out AMAZING. I doubled the recipe. The rolls made the hamburgers so moist and delicious. I made a pan gravy to put on top of these. My kids are 3 and 5 and loved this! I couldn't believe how great they came out. Def going to make these often. Cheap and easy! And I also followed some advice of the reviews and breaded them as well!! Great decision. Added a crispiness to the patties. Pretty fantastic!  Threw some capers in the patty mixture for a pickly twist and whipped up an envelop of sauerbraten gravy with some crushed gingersnaps for a sauce.  Sauteed brussels sprouts with butter and carraway and hot German potato salad on the side... and of course, a frosty beer!  Thanks for sharing! Not trying to slam this at all so dont get me wrong, but isn't this just a pan cooked hamburger? Breadcrumbs, egg, and cooked in a pan? I'd call it more of a hamburger than a flattened meatball lol, but I'm sure it's excellent :) thank you for the recipe!! :) Stupid meat with ztupid vegetables makes stoopid food.Put some meat on fire... then eat.4 stars, my tuckus. Looks a lot like meatloaf. A little work but amazing flavor and well worth the effort!
