Fresh Apple Walnut Cake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/22171/fresh-apple-walnut-cake/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9x13-inch pan. Sift flour, baking soda, cinnamon, and salt into a bowl; set aside. Combine apples and white sugar in a separate bowl; set aside. Mix brown sugar, oil, eggs, and vanilla together until well combined. Stir in apple mixture, then flour mixture. Fold in walnuts. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven for 45 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Allow to cool.
Best cake I have eaten in a long time really moist eazy to fix was not overly sweet whole family loved it one cake I will be making quite often cant thank you enough for the recipe. Thanks Margaret I have made this in high school for a sports banquet. It got rave reviews from everyone! I also glazed it with a buttermilk glaze. I don’t use vegetable oils so substituted a stick of butter melted and a half cup of brown butter. I also added a cup of whole milk and some very tasty walnuts. I added a tsp of vanilla and a tsp of almond extract.  I love black walnuts and this gives the cake a toasty nutty flavor. I  only added a half cup of sugar to the apple s bc it  was enough. I then added fans of sliced apples on top and brushed with cinnamon sugar.Is super moist and yummy love it! I made this for Thanksgiving and making one 3 weeks before Christmas and one for our Church Christmas party. This cake is out of the world good never any left. I made half the recipe and baked it in a 10-inch cake pan.   The baking time was the same and it came out wonderfully moist and delicious.  I embellished it with warm sautéed apples and whipped cream but the cake was excellent on its own and doesn’t need any embellishments.  It’s the perfect fall recipe. This was a perfect dessert for a family potluck.   It was neither light nor crumbly but the texture was firm like a bread pudding or pound cake.  I replaced a 1/4 cup of the oil with vanilla yogurt and added nutmeg.  When I make it again i will increase the yogurt/ decrease the oil further.  Since I have small apples I had no idea how "3 apples" measured, so I used about 3 1/2 cups.
