Waffles
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/22180/waffles-i/
Preheat a waffle iron according to manufacturer's instructions. Whisk eggs in a large bowl until light and fluffy. Add flour, milk, and vegetable oil and mix to combine. Whisk in sugar, then mix in baking powder, salt, and vanilla just until smooth, being careful not to overmix. Spray the preheated waffle iron with nonstick spray. Pour batter onto the hot waffle iron and cook until golden brown and the iron stops steaming, 3 to 5 minutes.
This is a great, basic, easy waffle. My waffle iron sat unused for--literally--10 years. Wanted to try something new this morning with basic ingredients that I knew I had in the kitchen. The first waffle didn't turn out because I didn't use enough batter--my waffle iron needed about 2/3 cup each--but after that they were perfect.For those new to waffle-making, here is a good tip I have used to know when they are done without having to open the iron constantly to look (which can ruin the waffle if it is still soft)... It's done when the waffle quits ejecting plumes of steam around the edges of the iron. (It's also usually done when it quits sticking to the iron.)Will definitely make these again -- probably tomorrow! I used this recipe but didn't feel like cleaning my waffle iron so I made pancakes with it, lol.I doubled the vanilla and added a dash of cinnamon.... these were the lightest, fluffiest, and most perfect pancakes I've ever had/ made. This recipe was delicious and easy. I substituted butter for olive oil and used buttermilk instead of milk. Turned out fluffy! These are absolutely delicious! As others have suggested, I whipped the egg whites and folded them in at the end. I also added a little cinnamon and brown sugar to the mixture which gave it more flavor. I froze the extra waffles and heated them in a toaster a few weeks later and they were yummy! Thanks tor the recipe! No more buying mix at the store! Will definitely make again! I used part vinegar and part baking soda since I didn't have baking powder. It was perfect! I used buttermilk and doubled the salt. Best waffles I've made so far! made with vanilla almond milk because of my sons milk allergy, we love them! also I make the entire batch, which is 4 large waffles, then refrigerate them and pop one in the toaster each morning for him and they are great! Great recipe. Like others, I separated the eggs and folded the whites into the batter. That is the key to very fluffy and light waffles. I am making a double-batch right now to freeze so we can eat them on the go during the week. To freeze: cool waffles completely on a wire rack, then layer on a cookie sheet and freeze a few hours until solid before wrapping in a freezer bag. I made these a couple of weeks ago, scaling the recipe to serve 12. I used cake flour (4 1/2 c.), fat-free milk, melted margarine (not oil), doubled the sugar, salt (Kosher) & vanilla. I used 3 T. baking powder. I made the batter the night before which turned out terrific. It made plenty of waffles (corn, blueberry, plain)--enough to freeze or for guests. I have a Belgian waffle maker and always used boxed Aunt Jemima mix as the waffle batter. Today, I became adventurous by replacing the Aunt Jemima mix with this recipe. I was careful use baking powder, not soda to the mix. This was a success! Good bye Aunt Jemima. Depending on your sweet tooth, you may want to add another tablespoon of sugar to the mix. I am never satisfied with just plain waffles. I like to make either apple cinnamon or banana walnut waffles. For apple cinnamon waffles, add one cup of apple sauce and 1 table spoon of cinnamon to the mix. You may want to also add another one or two table spoons of flour to the batter because apple sauce tends to make things runny. For the banana walnut waffles, place 8 oz of walnuts and two ripe bananas to a food processor and mix until the bananas become a paste. Add the banana walnut mix to the waffle batter. Both the apple cinnamon or banana walnut waffles will be tasty and you will amaze your family and neighbors by the wonderful smells from your kitchen.  These were good. I made the following changes, based on other reviews: (1) whipped the egg whites separately and folded them in at the end and (2) doubled both the sugar and the vanilla. Also, to make them healthier, I used 1 c. all-purpose flour and 1 c. whole wheat flour and 1/4 c. vegetable oil and 1/4 c. unsweetened applesauce. I think it could still use a little more sugar.  Possibly I should have spooned the flour into the measuring cup (as I've been told) but my waffles were thick vs light and were not fluffy; certainly weren't crisp. The failure must be my fault since the reviews are mainly all good. Easy to follow recipe, fun to make with my daughter. We keep coming back to these waffles every weekend! Highly recommend it just ok. I added a little extra sugar and vanilla.  would make again in a pinch, but still searching for something better. Great recipe. Added blueberries and my kids loved it. Great recipe that is easy to tweak if desired. Love the low sodium in this and even used sodium free baking powder for dietary reasons. You can easily add sugar or other flavors as you like.  Definitely a recipe to use again and again! Best and easiest recipe!! I made minor changes...  it turned out perfect!! Everyone in my family was begging for more!
