Chef John's Perfect Prime Rib
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/221958/chef-johns-perfect-prime-rib/
Gather the ingredients. Place prime rib roast on a plate and bring to room temperature, 2 to 4 hours. Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F (260 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine butter, pepper, and herbes de Provence in a bowl; mix until well blended. Spread butter mixture evenly over entire roast. Season roast generously with kosher salt. otdash Meredith Food Studio Roast the 4-pound roast in the preheated oven for 20 minutes. (If your roast is larger or smaller than 4 pounds, multiply the exact weight times 5 minutes.) Turn the oven off and, leaving the roast in the oven with the door closed, let the roast sit in the oven for 2 hours. Remove roast from the oven, slice, and serve. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO
I know this is a culinary no-no, but we don't link pink meat, so while I partially use this method, I didn't do it exactly as Chef John suggests.I had a 4 lb boneless rib roast, which I let sit out at room temp for 4 hours. While the meat was coming to room temp I also let my butter sit out to soften. I placed the butter in a small bowl, added about 1 Tbsp of extra virgin olive oil, 4 tsp of coarse kosher salt, 2 tsp freshly ground black pepper, 6 minced garlic cloves, and 2 tsp of thyme. (We don't care for Herbs de Provence.) I mixed this up with a fork then slathered the meat all over with it. I roasted the meat for 20 minutes at 500 degrees to get a nice crust, then I reduced the oven temp to 325 and continued roasting for another two hours. This gave us meat which was almost well done. It was still absolutely delicious this way, and perfectly flavored and juicy. Served with some twice baked potatoes and green beans. Perfect meal! I followed the recipe as written and it was awesome!  I’ve been cooking prime ribs for 40 years, and this was the best ever.  I’ll never use any other recipe.  Thanks, Chef John! Well explained thanks John Works great with pork roast also! I’ve used this recipe/directions for all my beef roast cuts! I love it and seems to work every time! Can not stress enough about your roast being room temp, that is not a suggestion it is a MUST. Thank you so much for sharing, your recipes are fantastic Our family prefers the prime rib to be medium to medium well or slightly pink, which is not well done at all, but not in the raw categories either. Is there a math calculation that can be used with this method to cook our prime rib, Chef John, or anyone else who can answer this question? It never fails to amaze me how some people cannot follow a recipe as written, they just want to change it so they can claim it as their own recipe I guess. Such as forgetting the instructions on how long to cook it should be adhered to but instead cooking it for 2 hours at the 500 degrees and then cooking it an additional 2 hours at 325 degrees, what a foolish thing to do to a great recipe and a crime to do to a prime rib roast!  All you have then is an OVER-COOKED and RUINED Prime Rib Roast!  Prime Rib Roast is supposed to be PINK and NOT burned brown. I am sure glad that I will never eat at that persons house because I for one do not like burned meat because pink means flavorful and tender, well done means tough and flavorless burned meat and no longer a Prime Rib Roast!!!!By the way, for those who insist on over-cooking meat, Prime Rib Roast PINK is cooked through and through, and it is NOT RAW as some irrational people think!  Same goes for a steak, once you go beyond PINK then you are cooking the tenderness and flavor OUT OF THE MEAT!  It is a no-brainer for people that understand things the way they are and for those that can't follow a recipe exactly as written............ Absolutely perfect, every time! I make this 2-3 times a year. Before slicing to serve, I cut away the bone from the roast in one piece and freeze for BBQ ribs dinner later. Also delicious! I always use this method!  Chef John is a genius!
