Japanese Tamago Egg
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/221923/japanese-tamago-egg/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Beat eggs thoroughly in a bowl; whisk in dashi stock, sugar, mirin, and soy sauce until sugar has dissolved. Lightly grease a nonstick skillet and heat over medium heat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour a thin layer of egg mixture into the hot pan and swirl to coat the pan. Cook until egg layer is firm on the bottom but still slightly liquid on top, about 1 minute. otdash Meredith Food Studio Then lift up one edge using a spatula and roll up the egg layer. otdash Meredith Food Studio Push omelet roll to one side of the skillet. Oil the skillet again and pour in another thin layer of egg, lifting the first omelet roll up slightly to allow the egg to flow underneath. otdash Meredith Food Studio Roll up the first omelet in the new layer of egg and push omelet to the edge of the skillet as before. otdash Meredith Food Studio Repeat the process with the remaining egg mixture, oiling the pan each time if needed. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove rolled omelet to a serving platter and cut into 6 equal pieces to serve. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Good stuff. I personally feel that wrapping the slices with nori (seaweed used for onigiri) makes it taste better. I have been making these tamago for some years, calling them, in my bed and breakfast, "YouTube eggs" because I learned to make them on YouTube originally. Recently I received an induction-ready pan from Japan because  my old pans were aluminum. The details in this recipe, plus the serving ideas, are very helpful. Much appreciated. From now on, I will add a little sugar, a little mirin, and serve on top of rice in the way you suggest. I used to make these often.  My chickens just started laying, so I wanted something different for breakfast.  I often top w slices of avocado, for Tamago maki, and sprinkle the tamago w furikake when using avocado.  So yummy!!!I’ve also made these into hand rolls.  Good stuff!!!i have also ground up my dried Shiitake stems up in the grinder, stems which are often discarded by others, or used for soup,  add the ground Shiitake first to the oil, then proceed w the egg rolling in the pan.  I use a 8 x 8 rectangular ceramic pan for these.  Oil generously.  The ground Shiitake is in the center, after rolling the egg. Omg delicious,  I made tamago maki with avocado. Love this recipe, first time making tamago and using my special pan! My rolling leaves much to be desired though! good! After I stopped giggling at the name...tamago means egg so its titled egg egg.... hahaha.. I got to work making the dashimaki tamagoyaki. Very good recipee. I personally added a pinch of salt and used a sieve to make fluffier eggs. I loved it so much! Turned out great! I made this several times. For me, I removed the sugar and dashi, and as the layers cooked I added very thin mushroom slices and the occasional piece of Nori.To serve, I presented with Hot Mustard and Soy. WOW- this makes eggs actually taste GOOD!
