Spaghetti Aglio e Olio
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/222000/spaghetti-aglio-e-olio/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook spaghetti in the boiling water, stirring occasionally until cooked through but firm to the bite, about 10 to 12 minutes. Drain and transfer to a pasta bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio While the pasta is cooking, combine olive oil and garlic in a cold skillet. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook over medium heat to slowly toast garlic, about 10 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-low when olive oil begins to bubble. Cook and stir until garlic is golden brown, about another 5 minutes. Remove from heat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir red pepper flakes, salt, and black pepper into pasta. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour in hot olive oil and garlic, and sprinkle on Italian parsley and half of the Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese; toss until combined. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve pasta topped with the remaining Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese. otdash Meredith Food Studio
This is one of the first dishes my Italian MIL taught me to make! She told me this was an important dish to know as it is tasty, very economical and you can clean out the fridge using up leftovers. Boy was she right! It is GREATt just as is.. all on its own. During the summer, when our garden is overflowing, I sometimes add some grape tomatoes, eggplant or some zucchini and my favorite - fresh basil! I have made this using leftover chicken cutlets I diced up and made my food budget stretch a little farther. Be sure to watch the garlic cooking time and be aware that there is some cooking water from the pasta that is to be added to the garlic when it is finished browning. It is mentioned in the video and my MIL made SURE I knew to do that as it adds necessary moisture to the sauce. I use at least a full ladle as I like it a bit more moist. NOTE: add the water slowly to avoid splattering! I made this last night and I added a cup of diced grape tomatoes and some crumbled bacon and topped with shredded fresh spinach. Perfect summer meal. My favorite is using sun dried tomatoes, spinach and fresh mozzarella. Can't go wrong with this recipe! Instead of addding pasta water, I use white wine. It is delicious Perfect! Made exactly as specified but for one; extremely fresh and light and delicious! I think I’d kinda prefer not to add the pasta water until later, as it washes all the sauce ingredients off the pasta. Still very yum though 😊 My Sicilian grandfather would use angel hair pasta and add anchovies. Others have added yellow/sweet onion. I suppose it's all a matter of taste. Also, I use EVOO and butter when sautéing. I used oregano instead of parsley because I didn't have any fresh herbs and I fried the noodles a little bit in the pan because I love it that way. This was excellent and I will do this often.  I also used high protein barilla pasta to feel less guilty. As many other people have mentioned, don't skip the step of adding some of the pasta water before adding the pasta.  The additional starchy water helps create a nice light sauce. Great recipe but don't forget to set aside some pasta cooking water in case you need to add a little at the end. You don't want it too dry! The thinly sliced garlic makes a difference. I liked the amount of oil. I thought it was enough. My family like to dip bread so I added a little pasta water. The pasta will continue to absorb it anyway but there was plenty for dipping. I added much more chili flakes. Again, the family enjoys this.
