Healthier Banana Banana Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/222082/healthier-banana-banana-bread/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9x5-inch loaf pan. Whisk flour, baking soda, and salt together in a large bowl; set aside. Beat brown sugar, butter, and yogurt together in a separate large bowl with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. The mixture should be noticeably lighter in color. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Stir in mashed bananas until well blended; add to flour mixture and stir just to moisten. Transfer batter to prepared loaf pan. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 60 to 65 minutes. Let bread cool in pan for 10 minutes, then turn out onto wire rack to cool completely.
I altered the recipe after reading other reviews and it came out even healthier and still very yummy. I did half all purpose and half wheat flour. Instead of butter I used equal parts homemade apple sauce allrecipes.com/recipe/sarahs-applesauce/ (I omitted the sugar in the apple sauce recipe) I used 1/8 cup plain Greek yogurt and 1/2 cup brown sugar instead of 3/4 cup brown sugar. I only had 3 bananas which turned out to be 1 1/4 cup after mashing. I meant to add 1/2 teaspoon of vanilla but forgot until just now and I threw in two palmfuls of craisins. I baked it for 55 minutes in a loaf pan and wish I had taken it out at 50 when I thought it was done. It was a touch over done but I will be making this again when I buy more bananas than we care to eat. This was yum. I ran out of brown sugar so had to sub in some white, and I think that resulted in a not as tasty bread - will definitely make sure I have the full amount of brown sugar next time! I think this could benefit from some cinnamon and/or nutmeg to add a nice touch to it as well. But still was a lovely banana bread that the family nearly devoured in one sitting. A good basic recipe. I used vanilla Greek yogurt because it was what I had on hand. I also added 1/4 c of chocolate chips per the kids request and 1 teaspoon of vanilla plus 1 teaspoon of cinnamon. Delicious, yummy moist bread. Didn't have the yogurt, so used heavy creme instead. Added pecans, used 3 bananas. This was good. I used golden monkfruit sweetener instead of the sugar. Also added 1 tsp of vanilla, 1/2 tsp cinnamon, and freshly grated nutmeg. Definitely could have upped the cinnamon and nutmeg. Pulled it out at exactly 60 minutes. Toothpick was clean, but when we sliced it, the bottom was very dense. Not gooey, texture was fine, just bottom half inch was denser than the rest of the loaf. It was good though. Solid 4 stars. This will be my recipe for banana bread from now on. Added a few mini chips and made them into easy-eat muffins. I've been baking variations on this recipe for 8 years. It's delicious, esp with these modifications. I recommend:* sub 2 cups white flour with:  1 1/4 cup white flour, 1/2 c whole wheat flour,  1/4 cup oats* cut brown sugar to 1/2 cup or even 1/3 cup.* 6 medium-sized bananas. Definitely no fewer than 5 so that it's packed with banana flavor and replaces sugar sweetness. Mash half and keep the other half a little chunky to add some texture.* add about 1/4 of an apple, diced but could leave some larger, thin slices to add texture. * about 15 min. before done, coat with a glaze of brown sugar (1 T or so), some cinnamon, and a few drops of water. The concentrated sweetness more than makes up for the reduced brown sugar. * substitute yogurt with sour cream and add an extra tablespoon - so 3 T total sour ream. Add more sour cream or yogurt if you want to reduce butter (1 T for 1 T).* add ample cinnamon, some nutmeg, pinch of allspice* add vanilla This was my first time making this....delicious! Easy, moist bread! Added 1/4 cup walnut bits and a teaspoon of vanilla extract.prepped pan by dusting with a combo of brown/white sugar..thanks!
