Tater Tot Casserole
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/222037/tater-tots-r-casserole/
Gather the ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). LLRECIPES/VICTORIA JEMPT Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir ground beef in the hot skillet until completely browned and crumbly, 7 to 10 minutes. Stir in condensed soup; season with salt and black pepper. LLRECIPES/VICTORIA JEMPT Transfer beef mixture to a 9x13-inch baking dish; layer tater tots evenly on top and sprinkle with Cheddar cheese. LLRECIPES/VICTORIA JEMPT Bake in the preheated oven until tater tots are golden brown and hot, 30 to 45 minutes. LLRECIPES/VICTORIA JEMPT Serve and enjoy! LLRECIPES/VICTORIA JEMPT
Pretty tasty stuff. I did my own thing with it though. While browning the beef I seasoned it with onion powder, garlic powder, freshly ground black pepper, and a smidge of salt. I chopped up one small onion, and after draining the beef I mixed the beef, cream of mushroom soup, and chopped onions together and let them simmer a bit. Then poured the mixture into a 10x10 casserole dish. I added sharp cheddar. Then put the tots on, then added triple cheddar shredded cheese on top of the tots. My family loved it including my 2 year old who typically doesn't eat beef! I made this casserole and we loved it. I did make some changes to include, adding garlic powder and chopped onions to the hamburger while it was browning. After draining it, I simmered the onion burger mix with the condensed soup to warm and then poured into the dish. After that I mixed some of the shredded cheese into the casserole, then layered the top with a mixture of regular tots and cauliflower cheddar veggie tots. I sprinkled it with a layer of triple cheddar cheese and baked. It came out beautifully! Cheap,easy,add vegetables got a whole dinner in one pan. Yum the best ,my boyfriend is sooo picky like beyond picky. But he loves this. We add chorizo for extra flavor ! This is a great and simple recipe for making it your own!I use a stovetop/oven-safe skillet.After cooking and draining the beef, I put the beef back into the same skillet, season it to my liking, and follow the instructions as stated all in the same pan. One Pan Tator Tot Casserole! This is the 2nd time that I have made this recipe. I love it the way it is but this time I cut up an onion and added it to the beef mixture, used cream of broccoli cheese soup and then crumbled bacon on top. It was amazing! This is one of my all time favorite, but I put mixed vegetables in mine. To give it a meat and veggies complete meal. First time ever tasting and making the dish. I sautéed half an onion & added sliced mushrooms, with the ground beef while browning. I added a lil salt, ground cumin, & garlic powder. After it was cooked, I drained grease and natural juices from the meat, added a can of French style green beans along with the cream of mushroom soup. This was definitely worth making, Thank you for sharing.Iz This recipe is a staple at our house. I have made it as is, but it is fabulous (and healthier) with sweet potato tots and Stokes Green Chili sauce instead of cream of mushroom soup. I also add canned green beans or corn to make it a one pot dish. I added chili flakes, garlic salt, onion powder and a little chili powder to the meat as I cooked it. Then I mixed in 1.5 cans of cream of mushroom soup with jalapeños and black beans. It was delicious and just enough spice!! Great as it is, per the recipe. But I did add some fresh onion and garlic to the ground beef when it was almost done browning. I had fun making it. Really good. I ended up halfing the recipe and making it in a bread loaf pan. Super fast recipe, feeds alot - easy to double, large crowds.A frequent go-to dinner Good my family loved it I used this as a base essentially for my own version and it turned out great! My changes:Ain’t no way I’m only going to use salt and pepper, I added chili powder and a little bit of garlic powder to season the beef. Next time I think I’m also going to add oregano and cumin.  Before adding the beef to the pan, I browned diced onion and garlic in butter. Then while the beef was cooking, I added chopped green chilis and kidney beans. I added the cream of mushroom soup last. In the last 5 minutes of cooking in the oven, I sprinkled some crispy onions on top. Fantastic and a new family favorite! I added 2c mixed veggies, 1/2T onion powder &1T Worcestershire Sauce.  Used slightly more TaterTots in 3qt casserole (9x13). Topped with 1c shredded Cheddar .  I sprinkle Garlic Powder in the meat mixture for added flavor!  Bake at 375 for 45 minutes Yummo! I added mixed vegetables and put Tots at the top and bottom
