Healthier Award Winning Soft Chocolate Chip Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/222129/healthier-award-winning-soft-chocolate-chip-cookies/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Sift together flour and baking soda. Beat butter, applesauce, brown sugar, and white sugar with an electric mixer in a large bowl until smooth. Mix in instant pudding until well blended. Stir in eggs one at a time, allowing each egg to blend into butter mixture before adding the next. Beat in vanilla extract. Blend flour mixture into butter mixture until just incorporated. Fold in chocolate chips, raisins, and walnuts; mixing just enough to evenly combine. Drop spoonfuls of dough 2 inches apart onto ungreased baking sheets. Bake in preheated oven until edges of cookies are golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Cool on wire racks.
The evolution continues...I made the suggested changes from a reviewer in the original(full fat) recipe[listed as "Most Helpful Review"] and then halved the whole thing. I also used a 1.6 oz package of sugar free vanilla pudding in place of the regular and they were unbelievably good! However, as another reviewer remarked, chewy softness was lost a bit with the applesauce. So, along with the applesauce I added 1/3 c ripe, room temperature avocado. This added back some fat--but the heart healthy mono/poly-unsaturated kind--which achieved that rich, melt-all-your-cares-away softens. My family had no idea--even my 7 and 4 yr old sons said they were the best cookies I'd ever made;) Cookies a little dry,  will use more applesauce and less wheat flour. Used mac/walnuts and white and choc  chips. This is our families favorite chocolate chip cookie  now! I Followed the recipe exactly as written except I used one box of banana cream pudding mix. Who doesn't like chocolate and bananas. They were awesome!!!!! I raised the temperature to 375 because at 350, the middle wasn't getting quite done.  They were golden brown and done perfectly!  I live in high altitude, so that might've been the issue! I suggest using a little less flour. These were pretty good! I halved the recipe and left out the raisins, since no one here likes them much.  The texture is a bit more cake like, but still a little crispy around the edges.  It's nice not adding as much butter and swapping in applesauce to save some calories! The evolution continues...I made the suggested changes from a reviewer  in the original(full fat) recipe[listed as "Most Helpful Review"] and then halved the whole thing. I also used a 1.6 oz package of sugar free vanilla pudding in place of the regular and they were unbelievably good! However, as another reviewer remarked, chewy softness was lost a bit with the applesauce. So, along with the applesauce I added 1/3 c ripe, room temperature avocado. This added back some fat--but the heart healthy mono/poly-unsaturated kind--which achieved that rich, melt-all-your-cares-away softens. My family had no idea--even my 7 and 4 yr old sons said they were the best cookies I'd ever made;) Pros:  very nice flavor, the applesauce is a subtle, yet pleasant flavor addition.Cons: texture is light and spongy, not soft and chewy or crisp and crunchy.  Kind of like a really heavy cupcake.I appreciate the effort to make a healthier cookie, but I would rather relish one really good higher fat cookie than eat two of these low fat ones. THESE ARE AWESOME! WHEN I MADE THESE I USED EGG SUBSTITUTE, SINCE IT IS PASTEURIZED I CAN TRY THE DOUGH, YUMMY! THE PUDDING MIX WAS A NEW IDEA FOR ME, THANKS FOR SHARING/
