Healthier Chicken Pot Pie 
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/222131/healthier-chicken-pot-pie-ix/
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Press 1 pie pastry into a pie plate and keep in the refrigerator with second pie pastry. Combine chicken, carrots, green peas, and celery in a medium saucepan. Cover with water. Boil until chicken is no longer pink in the middle and vegetables are fork tender, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat, drain, and set aside. Melt butter in another medium saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and cook until soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in flour, salt, pepper, and celery seed. Slowly stir in chicken broth and milk. Simmer over medium-low heat until thick, about 5 minutes. Stir in parsley and remove from heat. Set aside. Place chicken mixture in bottom pie crust; pour hot liquid mixture over. Cover top with remaining crust, seal edges, and cut away excess dough. Make several small slits on top to allow steam to escape. Bake in the preheated oven until pie is golden brown and filling is bubbly, 30 to 35 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes before serving.
I had half a roasted chicken leftover so I approached this recipe a little differently. I used 3 Tablespoons of grapeseed oil instead of the butter (a little healthier) and cooked the onion, diced carrots in the oil on medium low heat - I used 4 stalks of celery - add the celery to the onions and carrots and cooked for a couple of minutes. Add the flour, salt and pepper - stir to form a roux and then added about a cup of chicken broth, stir until it started to thicken and then added just a splash or two of milk - cook until thickened (adjust thickness after the sauce has come to a boil) I then stirred in the peas (I used more peas as I had a half a bag in the freezer) and the cubed, cooked chicken. Stir to combine. I want a thick mixture to fill the pie crust. You can add any vegetables you have on hand. If you have leftover cooked vegetables add them with the chicken. I used a basic short crust pastry recipe. The bottom crust will not be soggy if your chicken mixture is thick enough. If you want to cut out a few more calories use just a top crust. first time making a pie and this came out pretty nicely (although i messed the middle up a bit)! it also tasted really good I sautéed a diced chicken breast in 3 TBS of butter, along with  8 ounces of freshly sliced mushrooms and one diced celery stalk.  I also added 1 tsp of minced garlic and about 1/4 cup of dried minced onions.  After the chicken was no longer pink,  I added a 12 ounce bag of frozen peas and carrots, low sodium chicken broth, milk and flour to the pan (I did not remove the chicken mixture).  I omitted the salt and celery seed but used 1 tsp dried parsley.  After simmering the mixture for 5 minutes, the "gravy" had thickened beautifully.  I lightly oiled a 6 x 11 casserole dish and poured the chicken and veggies into the dish.  I used one frozen pie crust and put it on top of the hot mixture.  I baked it for 20 minutes and the crust was brown.  We thought this was delicious and will be making it again.  It's a little labor intensive but the taste is worth it.   Servings = 4 for us. I've been making this recipe since 2008.  I always add a potato and garlic..  Add "Better than Broth"  chicken flavored to the water when I'm boiling the chicken and use that for my chicken broth later. It was a BIG hit with my family. I used a 10x15 lasagna pan. For the crust I just used 1 whole box of Krusteaz Pie Crust mix. I cooked my chicken in the crock pot for 7 hours in chicken stock. I added the veggies to this along with Parsley, Sage, Rosemary, and Thyme. I also added Baby Bella mushrooms, that I chopped, to the butter and onion mix. Followed the rest of the recipe to the letter. I substituted unsweetened plain almond milk for the milk and decreased the broth to 1 cup, both of which worked well.  I also used a whole wheat crust that included ground oats ,which was a terrific counterpoint in texture to the creamy interior.   Using other veggies such as green beans and diced cooked sweet potato also works. This recipe is so yummy. I am thrilled to make a healthier, homemade version.  My husband loves peas, I don't, but I'll eat them in this recipe! The only problem I have is the overflow of ingredients when filling the crust, there is just too much of it.  I can't seem to keep all  it in the crust of a 9 inch deep-dish pie pan.  I recommend using a little bit less of the filling. I also mixed the filling with the sauce before filling the crust which helped a little. We thought this was delicious! It made enough for at least two meals for the two of us. I forgot to add the parsley, and I used a combination of leftover roasted chicken and turkey, and I used a puff pastry sheet instead of a pie crust. I used low sodium chicken broth, but all I had on hand was whole milk. I put the filling in a 7x11 casserole dish and covered it with the puff pastry sheet. Yum! (Next time I will add some dried rosemary, thyme and sage, and I won't forget the parsley!) Made this recipe for my book club dinner and everyone loved it! I grew up on homemade chicken pot pie and the only difference was the premade pie crust. Delish!!!!
