Healthier Grilled Salmon I
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/222121/healthier-grilled-salmon-i/
Stir together lemon juice, lemon zest, soy sauce, brown sugar, garlic and olive oil in a 9x13-inch glass baking dish until sugar is dissolved, about 2 minutes. Place fish flesh side down in mixture and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil grate. Place salmon on preheated grill and discard marinade. Cook salmon until fish flakes easily with a fork, 6 to 8 minutes.
This one had a little too much sugar in it for our tastes. It also definitely needed the optional salt and the addition of a little ground black pepper as well. Quick, easy and flavorful. Left off the sugar and it was still a great meal. I used garlic powder instead of minced garlic.  This is my 3rd time making this and still turned out perfect. My husband and I just became empty nesters. We raised 3 sons on "growing boy food". It was time for a change. We are neither one crazy about fish but LOVE this recipe. Im a Texas girl, so grilling is in my dna. This is easy, simple and fast. I make this salmon at least twice a month. Don't skip the lemon zest. I did once, and it was not the same. My picky husband liked it, will reduce brown sugar next time. I recently made this recipe! Forgot to take a picture though. It turned out really well. Pretty much followed the reciped to a T. the taste was great!  the salt and sugar make we wonder how healthy it was.  I think I'll try again using less sugar.  I din't 'use the lemon zest and it was still very tasty. My go to marinate for salmon!!! Made it just like the recipe was written. Wouldn't change a thing. Great recipe. This will be added to my rotation of ways to cook salmon!  I used a little less than 1/4 cup brown sugar and about 4tsp olive oil and 2 large cloves of garlic.  This was so delicious but I think I could have even less brown sugar!  I was surprised the flavors didn't overpower the salmon!  Definitely worth trying!!
