How to Cook a Turkey
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/222332/how-to-cook-a-turkey/
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Place onion, celery, and carrot in a large, shallow roasting pan. Place turkey, breast-side up, on top of vegetables in the roasting pan. Pat outside and inside of turkey dry with paper towels. Combine salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper in a small bowl. Season inside of turkey with about 1/3 of the salt mixture. Fold wing tips under bird. Melt butter in a small saucepan over medium heat until edges turn golden, about 2 minutes. Add rosemary and sage; cook and stir until fragrant, about 1 minute. Place rosemary and sage inside cavity of turkey; reserve melted butter. Tie turkey legs together with twine. Brush melted butter over turkey. Season with the remaining salt mixture. Bake turkey, uncovered, in the preheated oven until no longer pink at the bone and juices run clear, about 3 hours. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh, near the bone should read 180 degrees F (82 degrees C). Remove turkey from the oven and allow to rest in a warm area for 10 to 15 minutes before slicing.
I recommend this recipe to anyone who wants an easy, delicious bird.This recipe turned out great for me...I followed it exactly. I found this recipe 7 years ago and have been using it every Christmas since! The turkey is amazing full of flavour and juicy, o wait all year for it. I use a 12 pound turkey, follow the recipe and works perfectly every time. Have no fear the easy turkey recipe is here! I brined my turkey then used this recipe for cooking (I omitted the salt because the brine already sufficiently salted the turkey).  The entire turkey disappeared this year!! It was juicy, tender, and oh so melt in your mouth flavorful!  It's a keeper! This is my first Turkey ever. Everything turned out great. Juicy And delicious. I roasted veggies underneath on a roasting pan. Then, used them to stuff the Turkey. Thank You Chef John!Helped me on Christmas and Thanksgiving, this made me a star amongst friends and family so it good I have been using the recipe for ~5 years. I cook for my family, but don’t consider myself to be Uber skilled. Time after time, this recipe has won me accolades at Thanksgiving! I almost panicked when it was 4th down on my google search- need to save this somewhere else. It is so simple, easy, and you legitimately can’t go wrong if you follow the instructions! Thank you for sharing! Husband said it was the best Turkey he ever had Tasted like heaven It was perfect
