Drunken Pumpkin Seeds
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/222365/drunken-pumpkin-seeds/
Preheat oven to 275 degrees F (135 degrees C). Stir pumpkin seeds, whiskey, bacon drippings, brown sugar, and 2 teaspoons salt together in a saucepan over medium-low heat. Bring mixture to a simmer and cook until the seeds begin to turn gray in the middle, 15 to 20 minutes; drain. Spread the drained seeds onto a baking sheet in a single layer; season with salt. Roast the pumpkin seeds in preheated oven until crisp and golden brown, 60 to 90 minutes.
Ok everyone, I hope your ready for a few variations on this bad boy of a pumpkin seed recipe. So on the whiskey I used jd like it suggested. On the bacon drippings I used maple bacon drippings and omg it was a nice twist. For the brown sugar I did use light brown sugar just like one of the other reviews but I uped it even more and went with 1 & 1/2 tablespoons. And finally on the salt I went 1 tablespoon sea salt and 1 tablespoon garlic salt and bing bang boom there it is MMMMMMMM GOOD! So very good!!! Best pumpkin seed recipe ever. Adjusted the salt and sugar slightly to accommodate our personal taste, but otherwise definitely my favourite. I made these over the weekend and they came out pretty good. Oh my gosh! I was so happy to find this recipe! I could not stop eating them! Since I make my own vanilla with whiskey and did not have whiskey on the shelf, I used my vanilla. Delicious! I used Seagram's 7 as my  whiskey, not expecting much. I wasn't disappointed, there was no whiskey flavor. For my taste I'd cut the bacon grease in half, reduce the salt, and use a more flavorful whiskey. A-amazing!!! Omg !! Of course I added like double the amount of bacon fat and I kept in oven for the full 90 mins (gas oven) and they are the most tasty, savory, delicious pumpkin seeds I’ve ever made!!!!!!!!!!! This was FABULOUS!  We didn't have a blended whiskey on hand, but we did have some single- malt scotch ... whiskey. While I'm sure it is better with a blended whiskey, we certainly loved it. I added lots of cayenne, as we like spicy food, and they disappeared in no time. I didn't change anything in the recipe, just doubled it and they're DELISH! These turned out absolutely fantastic. Brought them into the office next day and people were coming back for seconds and thirds. Flavor is great. Will def make again
