Chai Tea Latte
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/222513/chai-tea-latte/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour boiling water over chai tea bag in a mug; let steep 4 to 6 minutes. Remove and discard tea bag. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir honey and sugar into tea to dissolve. Stir milk through tea to serve. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I tried this for the first time using Tazo Organic Chai Tea and following the instructions except for the amount of milk. And I believe I used too much hot water. I'll need to try it as stated next time. Pretty good and a whole lot more affordable than the coffee chain variety What recipe?  Take a tea bag and put it in water. Big deal! I was looking for a recipe for Real Chai Tea with Star Anise, Whole Cloves, etc.  I wanted to give no stars, but then I wouldn't have been able to leave this review. I used Tazo organic tea bag, and oat milk, but my first try needed a bit more warm spice for my taste, so added ginger and a bit of cinnamon next time, it was delicious.  Love that it can be adjusted to individual preferences and mood each time.. I hate chai but I have it one last try with this recipe and I was surprised but wouldn’t make this again IT TASTED LIKE STARBUCKS! I did add a bit of cinnamon to make it extra tasty and i used more like 3 tps of honey and sugar. I’ll try it again with 1 cup hot water and 1/2 cup warm milk.  Lynne well i kinda forgot about the honey and that its supposed to be a chai teabag so yeah but it was super delisious It was delightful! I used only 1/2 cup of soy instead of a 3/4 cup. I used my espresso machine frother for the milk! If you want to taste the chai tea more I recommend using 2 tea bags, honey and sugar to your liking depending how sweet you like it. Garnished with nutmeg  and cinnamon. This is the perfect recipe, but I suggest putting 1/2 cup of milk instead of 3/4. My cup of tea was a little bit milked down. I would put a little at a time in until you finding your perfect amount. i love this recipe i will use again
