Baked Spaghetti
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/222582/baked-spaghetti/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9x13-inch baking dish. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook spaghetti in boiling water, stirring occasionally, until tender but firm to the bite, about 12 minutes. Drain. otdash Meredith Food Studio Meanwhile, heat a large skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir beef and onion in the hot skillet until meat is browned and onion is soft and translucent, about 5 to 7 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Drain excess oil from the pan; stir in spaghetti sauce and seasoned salt. otdash Meredith Food Studio Whisk eggs, Parmesan, and butter in a large bowl. Add spaghetti and toss to coat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place 1/2 of the spaghetti mixture in the prepared baking dish. Top with 1/2 of the cottage cheese, 2 cups mozzarella, and 1/2 of the meat sauce. Repeat layers. Cover with aluminum foil. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven for 40 minutes. Remove the foil and sprinkle with remaining 1 cup mozzarella. otdash Meredith Food Studio Continue to bake until cheese is melted and lightly browned, 20 to 25 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
People if your not going to make the recipe as written then don't review it send in your altered recipe and let us review it. This a good recipe. Made for cooks to tweak. Cottage cheese is a no for me. I used Ricotta cheese, which enhances the flavor. Omitted the season salt. My family doesn’t like the texture of the top layer of cheese browned. They like it melty and gooey. My layers are spaghetti, ricotta, meat sauce and mozzarella. Repeat. I cover it with foil and bake for 55 minutes. I let it sit for about 5 minutes. Very good! I did not use the cottage cheese, but used a cheddar béchamel sauce (had some leftover to use up). Will definitely make agiain. BETTER THAN LASAGNAI was a tad skeptical when I was making this, it has less ingredients and was faster to make than a lasagna of similar caliber but ended up being cheesier and richer than any lasagna I've made!Should mention that I used a bit more sauce than the recipes asks for. Could only get sauce jars of 23oz + 14oz (37oz) and it turned out to be the perfect amount, might even try 42oz in the future because I like sauce.Will be making it with sausage next time, felt that was the only thing lacking! I had always wanted to make this dish, but I added sausage, where I cut it into poker chips, then added it with the beef and onion mix. It was amazing and delicious, my family absolutely loved this dish. This is a really yummy recipe! The step of mixing the cooked pasta with the butter & egg mixture is crucial; don't skip it! I only made the following (small) changes as per my tastes: I used pepperoni as my meat of choice, and I threw in about 4 cloves of garlic after sauteing the onions. Truly a wonderful recipe I'll be keeping in my recipe box. Thank you! Great Baked Spaghetti. I used 4 cheese blend, added shitake mushrooms, and used DEER burger. You cant help but make this good. Easy. This was a really great meal for us. I didn't have ground beef or any meat product so I used 3 cups of chopped pan fried cauliflower. I added garlic salt and cayenne pepper. I only used 2 cups of cheese,which was a good amount but could have used more. I just used a 24oz can of pasta sauce, which was a good amount but could have used more. I added a 14.5oz can of diced tomatoes to the spaghetti. Next time I'm going to add mushrooms green peppers, and spinach. Use more sauce, cheese, and cauliflower again. My husband loved this recipe! I will spice it up a bit more next time I make it with more oregano, parsley, basil and fresh garlic and mushrooms. With those minor changes I know it will be a 5 star recipe and will be a staple in our house - at least once a month. De'lish... I added Organic Portebello Mushrooms to the Organic onion and grass fed beef. Used Ricotta instead of cottage. Seasoned Beef with lawrys seasoning salt and Italian seasoning. Used 2.5 butter. 2 cups of Sarento 6 Cheese, THE HIT WAS THE Quinoa Linguine OMG I almost smacked my momma it was so tasty... YUMMY IN MY TUMMY This is an easy, quick fun recipe! And, most importantly, delicious! A lot of people have used ricotta instead of cottage cheese, creating a somewhat improvised lasagna dish. I love cottage cheese, but to make it somewhat more incorporated into the dish, I mixed the cottage cheese in with the egg, butter, pasta mix (step 4). I then limited the cheese layers to "harder" cheeses only (mozzarella, cheddar, and parmesan all work nicely). Also, be prepared to use extra sauce! No changes.  Absolutely delicious, Followed the directions to the nose, and this is a new family favorite. I'll be making this a lot for my daughter who craves Italian food on the regular. It slaps! I did tweak it a bit. Added minced garlic in with the meat and onions. And added Parmesan on top with the mozzarella after 40 mins of baking in oven.  Otherwise followed the rest of the recipe. Only thing i would change of how i made it is a bit more meat. Other then that great! Brumar, NO ONE elected you or put you in charge so IDGAF what you think!!   The exchanging of ricotta cheese for cottage cheese is a MASSIVE upgrade!   The cheese topping can be improved by a combination of mozzarella, monetary jack/ or cheddar with parmesan! Definitely use more sauce. So easy and so good!! Love Love Love this recipe!! I made two very small changes that did not change the deliciousness of the recipe. I broke the spaghetti into thirds before cooking them in the salted boiling water, just for easier serving, and  I added one small green bell pepper, chopped to cook with the onions just to add a little more color to this wonderful recipe. The eggs, butter, and parmesan cheese added such great flavor and texture whisked into the noodles. How could anyone not love this creative way to eat spaghetti?
