Fluffy Whole Wheat Biscuits
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/222600/fluffy-whole-wheat-biscuits/
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Combine all-purpose flour, whole wheat flour, baking powder, sugar, and salt in a large bowl. Cut in cold butter with 2 knives or a pastry blender until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs; stir in buttermilk until just moistened. Turn dough out on a lightly floured surface; knead gently 8 to 10 times. Roll out to about 3/4-inch thick. Use a 2 1/2-inch round biscuit cutter to cut biscuits; reroll any scraps to cut more biscuits. Place biscuits on an ungreased baking sheet. Bake in preheated oven until biscuits are lightly browned, 10 to 12 minutes.
I made these with all whole wheat flour due to a friend's white flour sensitivity. They were a little flat but I think that is due to the flour change I made. Recipe worked well for me in a kitchen I wasn't familiar with. Great flavor! They were okay. Little too doughy  even after giving them extra time at 450. Soft but not fluffy, and they taste decent enough. Wouldn't recommend or make them again. Very good recipe! I dont like to make changes to recipes the first time I try them, so I followed this one as written. Obviously not as fluffy as an AP flour, laminated biscuit but surprisingly light and soft for a whole wheat biscuit. I will be adding this to my recipe box and use it as a base. Changes will be made depending on what I'm using them for. As written they are perfect covered in gravy. Very very salty tasting biscuits 😛 These were easy to make and I loved that they use whole wheat flour. I used whole wheat pastry flour--going with 1-1/2 cups, and just a 1/2 cup of all purpose flour. I grate cold or frozen butter when I make biscuits which makes it easy to combine with the flour. The full cup of milk gave me a pretty soft dough--next time I'll add a little less and see how it looks before adding the rest.  I was in a hurry and didn't want to knead in a bit more flour and risk tough biscuits, so I just went with drop biscuits! Easy peazy and the biscuits were a perfect addition for a bowl of hearty soup. THE fluffiest most delicious whole wheat biscuits ever! I liked this recipe. I doubled it and used the fat I had on hand, which was coconut oil. These were fluffy and the bottoms baked up crisp. This is my go-to biscuit recipe! It is quick, easy, and easily goes with many different meals.I use all whole wheat flour, milled in my flour mill right before baking. Within 3 days of wheat being milled into flour, much of its nutrients are gone! Look into milling your own flour. This recipe was super easy, my husband enjoys them with many dishes!
