Greek Honey Cake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/22262/greek-honey-cake/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9-inch square pan. Combine flour, baking powder, salt, cinnamon and orange rind. Set aside. Cream butter and 3/4 cup sugar together in a large bowl until light and fluffy. Beat in eggs one at a time. Beat in flour mixture alternately with milk, mixing just until incorporated. Stir in walnuts. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven for 40 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Allow the cake to cool while you make the honey syrup. To make the honey syrup: Combine honey, 1 cup sugar, and water in a saucepan. Bring to a simmer and cook 5 minutes. Stir in lemon juice, bring to a boil and cook for 2 minutes. Cut cake into diamond shapes and poor honey syrup over the cake.
I've made this cake on several occasions and it was a hit each time. My only recommendation is to spare the honey dressing - if you use all that is recommended, you'll end up with honey soup with cake in it. I typically use about half of what is prepared. Love this! Waiting to enjoy!!!! Delicious, Easy and pretty. My family loves it! I make it in a round 9-inch cake pan and cut it the same way. It ends up perfectly! Definitely going to make again! Delicious and very easy to make Delicious!! I love the simplicity of this cake and have tried several variations as noted below. I save about half of the syrup to use again on a second cake to gift to friends.  I have made it most often as muffins in paper cups often adding golden raisins and semi sweet chocolate chips in addition to chopped walnuts. I also add a hint of vanilla and almond extract to the syrup, substitute condensed milk or Greek 2% yogurt for the milk and add other spices typically nutmeg and allspice to the cinnamon.  Great to warm up in the morning as a breakfast muffin. Made everything the same except these minor changes: used pecans (I forgot to buy walnuts), added good vanilla, halved the sugar for the cake, made the sugar syrup with OJ instead of lemon juice and added 1 small cinnamon bark. I split the cake to make 2 6-7 inch rounds and soaked the cake with just a few tablespoons of syrup (I do not enjoy very sweet desserts). Haven't tasted it yer but it looks amazing. Thank you ! Very nice!  I read the reviews and decided to go with 1/4 of the sugar honey sauce. It was just right for us. Thanks for the delicious recipe!
