Tasty Lentil Tacos
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/222610/tasty-lentil-tacos/
Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add onion and garlic; cook and stir until tender, about 5 minutes. Add lentils and taco seasoning; cook and stir 1 minute. Add chicken broth to skillet; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low, cover the skillet, and simmer until lentils are tender, 25 to 30 minutes. Uncover the skillet; cook until mixture is slightly thickened, 6 to 8 minutes. Mash lentils slightly; stir in salsa. Serve about 1/4 cup lentil mixture in each taco shell.
This is so much better than it has any right to be, and has quickly become one of my favorite recipes! It's very friendly to dietary restrictions and easily becomes vegan. Be sure to stir in the salsa with the lentils at the end... it has a significant impact on the overall flavor and texture. This was delicious!  I don't usually review but this was so tasty  I had to say it really is very good.  Followed directions exactly and lentils were done before 25 minutes.  I used orange lentils and Herdez salsa.Made great taco filling. I have made this many times.  It is so easy and good! I usually double the recipe to share with family members and I like to use salsa with black beans and corn. Sometimes I give it a few shakes of cumin and smoked paprika along with the taco seasoning. This is a great recipe! Finally a healthy meal everyone in my family will eat! And when i say everyone I mean my picky 6yo. I made this in the instant pot and it was so fast and easy. I used the saute function for the steps up to adding the chicken stock, then I switched to pressure cook for 12 minutes with a 10 minute natural release. We live at altitude and increase all cooking times by 30%, so decrease time if you're closer to sea level. It had a little too much liquid with this method, but it was nothing a little cornstarch couldn't fix. I agree with other cooks on here, the cooking time was too short for the lentils, it took about 45 mins for them to soften up. I used vegetable broth and drained the lentils after cooking. I then added a seasoning packet of Taco bell seasoning mix to them. This is a great recipe when you feel like eating crispy tacos but no longer want to eat meat, I will be making this again Absolutely delicious.  Only thing I'd change is to use less water for cooking the lentils.  It takes too long to cook that extra liquid off and thicken it up enough to work in tacos.  But the flavors are perfect. Fabulous was good but forgot to dilute the broth AHAHAHA. Except for substituting chili powder for the taco seasoning, I followed the recipe exactly. I almost forgot the salsa at the end but just stirred it in at the table. My meat loving husband ate 4 and I had 3. We will be having it again soon. Delicious! I used two tsp of oil and an extra clove of garlic. Like other people mentioned, my lentils took longer to cook, 40 min. But I look forward to making this again. Super easy and yummy
