The Best Lemon Lime Avocado Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/222701/the-best-lemon-lime-avocado-pie/
Blend avocados, sweetened condensed milk, cream cheese, lime juice, and lemon juice in a blender until smooth; pour into prepared pie crust. Refrigerate pie for 30 minutes. Top with whipped cream to serve.
Made this yesterday and it was a huge hit! It has a cheesecake like texture with a hint of lime. Sooo good and so easy! I will make this again! I think this was a prank recipe. If you dare to risk it, I suggest less avocado is better not more. This  pie is amazing! My whole family loved it. I took the advice or other reviewers by tripling the lime juice and doubling the lemon; I also served it on a coconut graham cracker crust with coconut whipped cream. The results were divine! Before I blended everything I thought to soak my avocado in the lime and lemon juice; I figured that might keep the pie from browning .  Three days after making/first cutting into the pie, it stayed that pretty pale green. Will definitely make again. Trust me and try it.  Even though I love avocados, this does not taste like plain avocados in a pie crust.   I love this!  It is just the right amount of sweetness topped with whipped cream.  I did adjust the recipe as follows:  I tripled the amount of lime and doubled the amount of lemon juice.For some real decadence, I whipped heavy cream with a little sugar added into a beautiful topping and covered the entire pie top and garnished with a few lemon and lime slices dipped in granulated sugar before placing it in the refrigerator.  Yummy!Tip:  Make the filling according to the recipe and then adjust filling ingredients to taste, i.e. taste it and then add a little more juice if you want.  Even with my adjustments, the filling was firm after chilled in refrigerator. best thing i have ever tasted This was a fun and simple pie to make. However it doesn't get all eaten in the same day, it browns. I cut the recipe in half and made 6 mini pies. I could taste the avocado or could it be because I knew it was there? It is creamy but I don't think it is cheesecake-like. There is a hint of lime but it does not taste like a key lime pie. It was fun to experiment with this but I won't be making it again. Very good.  I used low fat cream cheese, fat free condensed milk and 1/2 cup key lime juice (instead of lemon and regular lime juice).  Tasted like a creamy key lime pie.  Very easy recipe. The consistency reminds me of cheesecake and the color is beautiful. The flavor was a little hard for me to get used to. It is very easy to make and I will try to make it again with a different fruit...maybe bananas. Made this yesterday and it was a huge hit! It has a cheesecake like texture with a hint of lime. Sooo good and so easy! I will make this again!
