Crispy Chinese Noodles
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/222814/crispy-chinese-noodles-restaurant-style/
Gather the ingredients. LLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUG Cut egg roll wrappers into 1-inch strips. LLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUG Heat a wok over medium heat until very hot. Pour oil into the hot wok and heat until shimmering. To test the heat, lower the tip of a wooden chopstick into the oil; if it bubbles vigorously, the oil is ready. LLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUG Gently place 2 to 3 strips into hot oil; cook until beginning to brown on one side, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Gently flip and cook until crisp and golden brown all over, 30 seconds to 1 minute more. LLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUG Use a slotted spoon to transfer fried strips to a paper towel-lined plate. Repeat to fry remaining strips. LLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUG
Exactly like the crispy noodles you get at the restaurants! You must be careful not to cook them too long, these noodles brown very fast and must be watched continuously. The perfect addition to soups or salads! Easier, less messy, safer and much less oil is using your air fryer to make these! On medium high with just a smidgeon of oil and watch them carefully as they cook fast! Take them out b/4 fully brown and drop on a paper plate w/ a couple of flattened coffee filters, salt to taste and they continue to brown up just a tad as they cool down. Delicious...I make these all of the time... These crispy noodles are super crunchy—almost impossible to resist! From just one package of wrappers, you'll have a generous bowl of incredibly crunchy snacks. Made these using my countertop deep fryer rather than a wok.  Still worked wonderfully.  The crispy noodles are my favorite addition to hot-and-sour soup! Crazy good dusted with cinnamon sugar to serve with fruit salad. This could be dangerous knowledge... Awesome ,so easy. I did them in a deep fryer method..in a sauce pan with oil. Dropped them in bunches . They would be a great with soup or put garlic or cinn/sugar for a crunchy snack. These are great exactly like the resturants.  Watch them close so they dont burn.
