Mom's Zucchini Pancakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/222870/moms-zucchini-pancakes/
Blot grated zucchini with paper towels to remove moisture. Stir zucchini, eggs, and green onion together in a large bowl. Mix flour, Parmesan cheese, baking powder, salt, and oregano together in a separate bowl; stir into zucchini mixture until batter is just moistened. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Drop rounded spoonfuls of zucchini batter into hot oil; pan-fry until golden, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Drain pancakes on a paper towel-lined plate; serve warm.
Soo good! I added a pinch of pepper and used a grated sweet onion, then put on the grill like a regular pancake. It only made 6 regular size pancakes so it left us wishing we had more! Definitely going to use in my kitchen. And love the Parmesan cheese as I can substitute it with the Trader Joe’s  imitation that has almost the exact taste as the real cheese. Thank you for a great recipe I made this almost exactly as written, instead of just patting the zucchini dry I squeezed it dry within cheesecloth. I didn’t have scallions so I used a Vidalia onion and chopped garlic scapes . Also tried them in the air fryer to save on fat and they were delicious! They did stick to my pan even though I prepped the pan with olive oil,but still wonderful. I’ll be making these again! I love zucchini!  Did not get a good crop this year because of the heat. This was an excellent recipe for those really big zucchini. I omitted the Parmesan, oregano and served them with sour cream and hot sauce delicious. Took them to a church meal and they were gone! I keep frozen shredded zucchini in the freezer. I changed a few things. Sweet onions  instead of green onions. Ms Dash garlic/ herb instead of Oregano. We love this, so tasty. These are delicious. I substituted the parmesan with feta, or you could use goat cheese, and the oregano with fresh, minced dill. I served it with a dill, onion yogurt. Savory and yummy! Very good healthy pancakes.   A great way to utilize an over achieving zucchini plant.  I made a sweet version by omitting the green onion, parmesan, and oregano.  I added 1/2 c chopped walnuts and 1 tsp of cinnamon. Serve with fresh berries or your favorite fruit. I used plain yogurt instead of sour cream. Delisious!
