Hot Toddy Cocktail
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/222888/hot-toddy-cocktail/
Fill an Irish coffee glass with hot water; let sit for a few minutes until glass is hot, then discard water. Pour honey and bourbon into the preheated glass and top with 3/4 cup hot water. Garnish with a lemon twist.
I made chamomile tea with the water, used 2 Tbsp honey, and used the juice of half a fresh lemon. I have bronchitis right now and an awful cough. This really hit the spot!! I made this and added some lemon juice. It tastes just like it does at a bar or restaurant. I love it! The key is to warming up the mug first. This is a really easy recipe you can make and dress it up with a sprinkle of cinnamon and cloves for an extra bit of taste. I used Jack Daniels tonight. Warmed me right up. Good flavor. Yum! I added half a tablespoon of simple syrup in addition to the honey. It's easy and flavorful.... and the with the spices the whiskey isn't too strong. I heat the mug in the microwave as the water is heating or make extra water and pour some in the mug and let is sit for a bit before tossing. I used scotch and it worked well I used apple pie moonshine, water, 1 lemon, tablespoon honey and a teabag. Turned out great. Sick on Halloween. So I made myself a Halloween Hot Toddy. I used 2oz bourbon, could have used more.  Darjeeling tea and powdered cinnamon and nutmeg, it was all I had, along with the honey and lemon. Just what the witch doctor ordered! This is a classic recipe. I have used it myself since...Well, my parents gave us the same concoction as children (probably 1/4 of the whole drink). My father is a retired Pediadontist/Oral Surgeon, so it was prescribed. To the point, It cures what ails you & puts you right to sleep. But your throat will feel much better! My go-o drink for when I'm sick. I don't mess with the garnish, as this drink is a remedy for me and I need no impressing ;) As another reviewer stated, I will sometimes add more liquor if I'm already full blown sick. Otherwise if I can feel the illness just coming on, I'll stick to this recipe exactly. It does it trick!
