Chicken Parmesan
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/223042/chicken-parmesan/
Gather the ingredients. Preheat an oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Place chicken breasts between two sheets of heavy plastic (resealable freezer bags work well) on a solid, level surface. Firmly pound chicken with the smooth side of a meat mallet to a thickness of 1/2-inch. otdash Meredith Food Studio Season chicken thoroughly with salt and pepper. Using a sifter or strainer; sprinkle flour over chicken breasts, evenly coating both sides otdash Meredith Food Studio Beat eggs in a shallow bowl and set aside. Mix bread crumbs and 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese in a separate bowl, set aside. Dip a flour-coated chicken breast in beaten eggs. Transfer breast to the bread crumb mixture, pressing crumbs into both sides. Repeat for each breast. Let chicken rest for 10 to 15 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat 1/2 inch olive oil in a large skillet on medium-high heat until it begins to shimmer. Cook chicken in the hot oil until golden, about 2 minutes per side. The chicken will finish cooking in the oven. otdash Meredith Food Studio Transfer chicken to a baking dish. Top each breast with 2 tablespoons tomato sauce. Layer each chicken breast with equal amounts of mozzarella cheese, fresh basil, and provolone cheese. Sprinkle remaining Parmesan over top and drizzle each with 1/2 teaspoon olive oil. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until cheese is browned and bubbly and chicken breasts are no longer pink in the center, 15 to 20 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio
This recipe was really easy to follow & turned out great! My 1st try at chicken parmesan, total success :-) Air fried the chicken and then baked instead and it was amazing! Great recipe and I was able to make it GF/DF and it was delicious!! Used 2 slices of Violife “mature cheddar” chopped very fine (so it would melt) for the provolone. Miyokos liquid mozzarella and Violife block “parm” grated for the 3/4 cup of parm. In order to make it all hold together on top of the chicken bread breading, I put the liquid miyokos, finely chopped violife slices together in a bowl along with some dried basil, as I did not have fresh, mixed it all together and then spooned that on the breasts and sprinkled some Violife faux parm right before putting them in the oven. I also used GF bread crumbs. This is a keeper in our family. Very good. I mixed a table spoon each of basil, oregano, marjoram and garlic powder into the tomato sauce before spooning it over the chicken. Family loves it, will make it again. Great recipe! I used Montreal chicken seasoning and garlic salt to season the chicken breasts before coating them with flour. Also, I used 1/2 Pablo bread crumbs and 1/2 Italian style bread crumbs along with thin slices of provolone cheese. Excellent taste! I too used two chicken breast and the full sauce recipe. I butterflied each breast, ending up with four pieces. I seasoned each breast with lemon pepper seasoning and also seasoned the flour and Panko mixture the same. After browning the chicken, I placed them in a baking dish, covered them tomato sauce and cheese and baked until the cheese was browned. I served the chicken with pasta and more tomato sauce. It’s a keeper. I made this a couple of years ago and it was good, followed the recipe exactly. I decided to make this again yesterday and read some of the reviews first. The adjustments made by RebeccaD sounded great, so I followed her tweaks precisely and, OMG, what an incredible dish!! I can't believe how delish this was. The only thing I added to her recipe was to put it under the broiler for a couple of minutes at the end to brown up the cheese a little bit. Thank you Chef John and RebeccaD! I made this for Christmas dinner, and my husband loved it. This might be our tradition now. I used parchment paper to pound out the chicken, which worked better than ziplock bags do, in my opinion. I needed 3 eggs and used way less oil (plus 2tbs butter), but other than that, I followed the recipe, and it was absolutely delicious. I served it over a bed of spaghetti, thus I made extra marinara. Thank you, Chef! Delicious! I quit ordering Chicken Parmesan at restaurants because I always ended up being disappointed. I decided to make it myself and this recipe is great! I actually used half Panko crumbs and half crushed Italian croutons for the crust and made homemade sauce (tomato sauce with sauteed minced garlic, basil, oregano, salt, pepper and thyme). I served it over angel hair pasta. My family loved it! Great recipe, however I made a few changes.. I had time so I marinated the chicken with Italian herbs. I dipped the chicken in ranch dressing instead of egg as I've found it to be more flavorful. I used Italian panko bread crumbs and only used maybe 2 tbsp of olive oil for frying. I had fresh parsley on hand so sprinkled that on the chicken and cheese. This recipe will work with vodka sauce and leftovers are even better the next day! HUGE SCORE! My boyfriend said this was the best chicken parm he has ever had. He LOVED it so much he got up at 3 am to eat a second helping! I did modify my recipe slightly. I season the chicken with lemon pepper (instead of salt and pepper) and I used seasoned panko bread crumbs. The favor was AMAZING! Other than that I followed the recipe. I will however have to make more sauce because my boyfriend uses a lot of sauce on his angel hair pasta and chicken parm. Super easy recipe...huge score...great flavor. It was excellent! My husband said it tasted like a fine Italian restaurant would make! I had purchased frozen wholewheat breaded chicken breasts but they weren’t very good. Rather than them going to waste, I used them in this recipe. As an added bonus, it was quicker so easier to do on a week night. Win win. :) Clearly explained. I learned several new tips. Loved this, Chef John never fails me! The chicken was juicy and crispy. I didn’t have fresh basil but used dried plus a mix of Italian seasonings. Flavors were perfectly balanced. I actually halved one large chicken breast and proceeded with the recipe. Perfect for two people-halved the recipe ingredients. My Italian husband loved it too. My family’s favorite, and they’re not easy to please! Moist chicken with great flavor! Loved it! Love chef John’s recipes ❤️
