Shrimp with Broccoli in Garlic Sauce
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/223156/shrimp-with-broccoli-in-garlic-sauce/
Combine broccoli and water in a glass bowl; steam in microwave oven until slightly tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Heat peanut oil in a large skillet or wok over medium-high heat. Add garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Reduce heat to low. Add chicken broth, soy sauce, oyster sauce, and ginger root to the garlic; bring to a boil. Add shrimp; cook and stir until the shrimp turn pink, 3 to 4 minutes. Toss steamed broccoli and water chestnuts with shrimp mixture to coat with sauce. Stir cornstarch into mixture, 1 tablespoon at a time, until sauce thickens, about 5 minutes.
Sometimes great dishes/recipes are born of necessity, as was this dish tonight. As a Roman Catholic on Ash Wednesday, I needed a meatless dish and, because I am “hitting the road” again in a couple of days, finding ways to use the fresh produce in the fridge was a priority. An ingredient search quickly led me to this recipe and it was a winner for me. I didn’t measure anything – the beauty of cooking is that you can use ingredients to your own tastes rather than adhere to strict measurements as is the case, for the most part, with baking. If you want more soy sauce and oyster sauce (as I did) add a little more! More sauce? Add a little more cornstarch mixed with water or chicken broth. I had mushrooms as well as broccoli to use up so I substituted the mushrooms for the indicated water chestnuts, which I really think I prefer anyway. I tossed this with some spaghetti to which I added a good dab of butter and finished it all with a sprinkle of chopped green onion and toasted sesame seeds. It was a simple and deliciously satisfying dinner. I and my tummy are doing a happy dance. I added mushrooms, snap peas and red peppers.  Great dish and flavor on point. Good. Since I prefer a more savory flavor (not sweet), I like this recipe. Add whatever meat you prefer. I used carnitas and added a vegetable medley. Delicious, easy to make, definitely  will make again. Stayed with the recipe, except for mushrooms instead of water chestnuts, and sprinkled with some red pepper flakes. Made good use of broccoli I grew in my garden! I have a Chinese version of this with snow peas instead of broccoli that is so good but I couldn’t find snow peas so I thought I’d try this. The sauce was so bland that both my boyfriend and I picked out the prawns and broccoli and ate them with the rice. So disappointing. This didn't come out like what I'm used to from Chinese takeout, and I so hoped that it would.  Some of the reviews suggested it needs more oyster and soy sauce, but I'm not sure that would raise the taste to the punch I get from takeout.  My search continues.
