Slow Cooker Eggplant Parmesan
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/223360/eggplant-parmesan-for-the-slow-cooker/
Place eggplant slices in a large bowl in layers, sprinkling each layer with salt. Let stand for 30 minutes to drain. Rinse and dry on paper towels. Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Whisk together eggs, water, and flour in a medium bowl until batter is smooth. Dip eggplant slices in batter and fry in hot oil until golden brown, working in batches of 2 to 3 slices at a time. Drain on a paper towel-lined plate. Mix together seasoned bread crumbs and Parmesan cheese in a small bowl until well combined. Place 1/4 of the eggplant slices into a slow cooker and top with 1/4 of the bread crumb mixture, 1/4 of the marinara sauce, and 1/4 of the mozzarella cheese. Repeat layers three more times. Cover and cook on Low until tender and flavors have blended, 4 to 5 hours.
Easy and delish! I skipped over the first steps, and just went straight for the layering. I'm sure skipping over the whole frying process might have killed some of the flavor, but I couldn't tell, and it was much healthier sans the oil. I just cut my eggplant into slices, sprayed the crockpot with PAM (which I did after every layer of eggplant to make the breadcrumbs stick without using fat) and started layering. I baked on HIGH 3 hours (since my eggplant went in totally raw), and it was done just right. I will use this recipe again, for sure! I made this exactly as called for...  it turned out perfect and was delicious!  My son added a sprinkle of fresh grated parmesan to his and he loved it.   Served it with fresh artisan bread and cucumber dill salad.  I may try skipping the frying next time (as other reviewers did) and see how much difference it makes. Fast, easy, very tasty! This came out so well! I wouldn’t change a thing! The BEST flavor - amazing. I only wanted it a little crisper - which won't happen in a slow cooker.  I've always hated eggplant, so in this COVID world, we are challenging ourselves to master food we never liked. This recipe did it! We are buying more eggplant and trying it with breaded eggplant and less sauce to see if we can have it less mushy.  The flavor is spectacular no matter what the texture is! Fun and easy dish to make! The favor was pretty good but the cook time was off. I used only one eggplant but 24oz sauce. The BF likes cheesy Italian dishes so I used 2 cups of Mozzarella and even added a half a cup Ricotta for fun. I skipped the frying per reviews, but did bread the sliced eggplant  and even added a bit of extra crumb mixture to the top of each slice in the layers. Four hours on low and an hour and a half on warm, because I got home late, the eggplant were still firm...editable, but firm. So, longer cook time for me, definitely not the traditional version, but a good hot meal to come home to. Add ground up pistachios to the bread crumbs and add ricotta between the layers, but top with the mozzarella/provolone. Absolutely delicious!  This was my first time making Eggplant Parmesan in the crockpot.  I will always use this recipe.  The eggplant is so tender that you don’t need a knife to cut it.  For the sauce I used Mids Three Cheese, have not found anything comparable. This was wonderful!  I only used one good size eggplant , can’t imagine 4. Marinara was 24 oz I think and all other ingredients unchanged. I did not peel the eggplant.  Cooked on low for about 4.5 hours.  Eggplant is one of my favorite vegetables so good recipes are always appreciated.  Will most definitely make this again!
