Pumpkin Spice Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/223426/pumpkin-spice-bread/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease two 9-inch loaf pans. Mix white sugar, brown sugar, and eggs in a large bowl; stir in pumpkin and mix well. Combine flour, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, nutmeg, baking powder, cloves, and allspice in a bowl; add alternately with water to pumpkin mixture. Pour into prepared loaf pans. Bake in preheated oven until golden and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 60 to 65 minutes. Cool in pans for 10 minutes before removing to cool completely on a wire rack.
I baked this loaf and shared it with friends at my church's weekly movie night recently, and it was a hit! It was very moist with only a hint of the many spices that were used in making this wonderful bread. I made changes. I followed the recipe but added walnuts and sprinkled toffee bits on top the batter before baking. It's just how we like it. I think it had amazing flavor, I know my family went for seconds@ Fantastic recipe. Extremely moist and yields 2 loaves comfortably.. I reduced the quantity of some of the spices. It was still so over spiced that you could barely taste any pumpkin. That being said, it did smell wonderful while it was baking. I also thought the baking time was too long. This is a hearty breakfast bread. I did adjust the spices a bit. I did 1tsp of nutmeg, added 1 tsp ginger(2 drops ginger essential oil), and 2 and a half tsp of cinnamon. Coating the pan with a generous amount of butter not only keeps it from sticking but adds a delicious crust. This was perfection.  I made no changes, made just as described, and everyone loved it.  This will be a regular staple in my house from now on.  Thank you!!! I LOVE THIS BREAD, I USE ORANGE JUICE INSTEAD OF THE WATER, IF IT NEEDS MORE JUST ADD A LITTLE MORE, IT IS WONDERFUL AND SMELLS SO GOOD WHEN IT'S BAKING. I wasn't a huge fan of this but my whole family was so Ill probably make this again just for them but maybe tweak it a bit. Very dense but moist cake. I added 1/2 cup applesauce and nuts as my changes. Def. overpowering on the spices, maybe decrease by 1/2. I'm am sure it will be devoured up anyways as its not that bad. The spice is why I gave it 4 stars. It was done at 60 min. Recipe Group Selection:  22, September 2012 ~ This is a custom version of another Pumpkin Spice Bread that used to be on AR.  It is now located at TOH.  The difference being, this bread uses no oil.  I made a half batch of this as written and added oil to the other batch.  This texture is more rubbery and dry.  I made 3 different pumpkin breads in the same day, and did a taste test with a few different people, without telling them anything about any of the breads.  Sorry to report, this was the least favorite.
