The Labor Day Burger
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/223523/the-labor-day-burger/
Place bacon in a large skillet and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned but not totally crisp, about 8 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Retain 1 tablespoon bacon drippings. Mix ground beef, bread crumbs, red pepper flakes, black pepper, and retained bacon drippings in a bowl until thoroughly combined; divide meat mixture into 4 equal portions. Form each portion into a large patty, making them as thin as possible. Sprinkle shredded Colby-Jack cheese onto 2 of the patties, leaving an edge about 3/4 inch wide uncovered. Place second patty onto the cheese and press the edges of the patties together to create 2 cheese-stuffed burgers. Place stuffed patties into freezer to chill slightly, about 10 minutes. Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat. Spray the grill grate with cooking spray and place burgers onto grill; turn heat to low, place lid over grill, and cook until outsides of burgers are lightly charred and cheese has melted, about 10 minutes per side. Maintain grill temperature at about 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Use a spray bottle of water to control flames; flames should just lightly contact the bottoms of the burgers to create a slight char. After the first flip, place 3 partially-cooked bacon slices onto each burger. About 2 minutes before burgers are done, place a Colby-Jack cheese slice onto each burger; top with tomato and avocado slices and transfer burgers to plate to rest for 1 or 2 minutes. Serve burgers on hamburger buns.
Well, the hubby went nuts over this burger...even enjoying the avocado! FYI, there are three of us and I was able to get 3 burgers out of a pound of beef and they were huge! I can't imagine how large the burgers would be for 2, a half pound a piece! Don't skip the freezing step, we had no problems with the burgers falling apart or flaring up. Good recipe, thanks! Pretty Sure This is called a JUICY LUCY, famous from Minneapolis  i believe.I cut down on Red Pepper and increased black pepper, added salt. To make it way easier to put cheese in the middle and seal around it to keep it inside, cut a slice of cheese into a circle smaller than patties.Yum. My husband doesn't eat red pepper flakes, so I left them out.  Since I was using ground round and bacon that was precooked, I just crunched some of the bacon (which I finished cooking, but didn't have enough bacon fat per the recipe) into the beef with the ground pepper and breadcrumbs before forming the burgers, being careful not to let any of the bacon bust out from the beef lest it burn.  The freezer part is really important--the burgers held together very well on the grill.  They were really delicious.  I will definitely be making this recipe again--thanks! Super burger! Everyone loved them. I made these according to the directions and they were very tasty, perfect for a special grill out meal!  I will say that the burger shapes were a bit deformed bc I think my patties were too thick and edges not joined enough, so be sure to make your patties THIN and crimp the edges well!  Otherwise these will be delicious alien-looking burgers. Thanks for posting, will try again! This was a hit! Will make again. We loved it! Amazing! OH my goodness. WE have had a lot of five star burgers in restaurants where we have paid a lot of dollars for the claim of "best burger" WOW. This is at least one of the best burgers we have ever eaten. I am so happy to say, Yeah I made that my self.. WOW. WOW. WOW. Leave your calorie counter in the drawer.. MAKE THIS BURGER! I didn't quite manage to get the two parts to seal properly so I ended up essentially with two patties with melted cheese between them instead of one big patty with cheese inside. My only real complaint is that this is a really massive burger that is a challenge to eat, but the taste was amazing, though it was a bit too spicy for my wife. If you don't do spice, this isn't your burger.
