Easy and Delicious Slow Cooker Cassoulet
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/223505/easy-and-delicious-slow-cooker-cassoulet/
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add bacon; cook, turning often, until crisp and brown, about 10 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Crumble when cool; set aside. Add onion to same skillet; cook and stir until translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in chicken, sausage, garlic, thyme, bay leaves, and black pepper; cook until chicken browned, 5 to 8 minutes. Stir in tomato paste. Transfer chicken mixture to a slow cooker. Stir in great Northern beans, diced tomatoes, and bacon; cover the cooker. Cook on Low until cassoulet thickened and chicken very tender, 4 to 5 hours. Sprinkle with parsley before serving.
I loved this...did make changes, some from preference and some from necessity...and some from laziness. Made on stove top; did not use bacon; added three carrots and three ribs of celery; used two cans diced tomatoes with liquid; added ground sage and fennel seed. I really can't imagine the canned great northern beans cooking for that long in the newer crockpots which run so hot. I cooked the onions, celery, and carrots then added the chicken. After chicken was cooked, added tomatoes, beans, and seasonings and simmered for about thirty minutes. Thanks for the recipe! Yum!  I used turkey sausage and substituted sun-dried tomatoes for the bacon for my non-pork-eating guests. The tomatoes gave it a nice intense sweet flavor. I also made this on the stove top.  It got rave reviews. This is a very easy and delicious recipe; it tastes like a lot more work than it really is.  I used regular thick-cut "pig" bacon (plus  two extra slices) and mild chorizo because that's what was in the fridge.  I think the only difference it made was that there was really no need to add salt when serving.  Cooking the chicken and  vegetables in the bacon fat really adds an intense earthy flavor.  I served it with a fresh baguette and butter.  There were no complaints from the family.  I'll be making it again. This really was yummy! I used 2 slices pork bacon, browned it and then cooked 3 T tomato paste in the fat and added mirepoix (onions, carrots and celery) cuz I can buy it at Safeway already chopped. Used herbes de provence instead of thyme, only 2 cans of beans and skipped the tomatoes. I also added about 1 1/2 C broth. I know that sounds like a lot of changes, but the recipe itself was the total basis for my thinking. I'm so glad I found it and I know I will make it again and again. I made this recipe "near" exact. I used 1 less can of beans, and used pork bacon. The major difference is after browning the bone in, skin on chicken thighs, I placed them whole in the slow cooker, to get a bit more flavor into the pot.  Excellent results, gown boys ensured I only had one serving. Will do again, and I'll probably add that 3rd can back plus whatever veggie scraps I have hanging around. I have made this recipe several times and the only thing I do differently is make in my Instant Pot so there is only one pan and all those brown bits are in the cassoulet. My husband loves it and asks for it about once a month. I add a little more smoked sausage but the recipe is awesome as is. Thanks for sharing!! I loved the flavor! Been wanting to try a cassoulet for a long time. I found it to be dry, though, since the recipe has you draining the diced tomatoes. Next time I would include the juice. Very tasty, though, and great comfort food! Easy and delicious is correct !! Made as written. My slow cooker has a loose fitting lid, so evaporation caused this too be a bit too thick at first -- but easy to solve with  addition of some beef broth... This is a real winner.  The only variation I made was to add about 1 cup of Merlot because I thought it needed more liquid.  The small was to die for and the taste was even better. Loved this recipe.  Very easy and so very delicious.  Suggest not draining the tomatoes and adding 1/2 cup of chicken stock.  Even better the next day.
