Poppy Seed Hungarian Style Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/22554/poppy-seed-hungarian-style-cookies/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a baking sheet or line it with parchment paper. Combine cream and poppy seeds in a small saucepan. Heat mixture over medium heat until mixture is hot; do not boil. Remove from heat and allow to cool. In a medium bowl, combine flour, baking soda and cinnamon. Stir in butter, lemon juice and syrup. Mix well and add cooled poppy seed mixture. Drop by small spoonfuls onto prepared baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until edges are golden brown, about 20 minutes. Allow cookies to cool on baking sheet for 5 minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely.
Even though I made them a month ago and can't remember the adjustments to ingredients I didn't have on hand at the time I DO remember that these were indeed excellent and well received by all! Thank you. They are to be tightly sealed and eaten days later for best flavour and chewy factor. My hungarian boyfriend's dad ate a plate of them in one sitting -- they are very edible. My boyfriend really likes 'em too as well as friends wanting new ways to use poppy seeds. Thanks again. Will remake many-a-times. P.S. Most important note: they're best eaten at room temperature. These cookies were awesome! Very delicious! The only problem I had with them was that they came out very flat and ended up spreading out a lot, so make sure you take smaller spoonfuls and leave space in between cookies. Also, if you warm up some maple syrup and pour it onto the cookie at the end it tastes awesome! Husband loves poppyseed stuff so I tried this one.  He said it was best with coffee and/or hot chocolate.  I'm not a fan of poppyseed, but it makes the house smell wonderful.   I made these for Christmas and they weren't too pretty but they were delicious.  I would make these for everyday cookies. I am very disappointed in this recipe. First of all, the recipe says to combine cream and poppy seeds but do not boil...well it couldn't have boiled anyways because once I added all those poppy seeds, there wasn't anymore cream left. I had to make sure that the poppy seeds didn't stick to the bottom of the pan and burn. After I baked my first batch, I couldn't even get them off the pan, they were hard as a rock. So the next bacth I tried for only 8 minutes like normal cookies, but then they didn't cook. So then I tried for 15 minutes, but they still turned out hard as a rock. I followed the recipe to a "T"  Great recipe! Unique taste, and really moist after storage in airtight container for a day or two. Definitely a keeper! I had to make 7 dozen cookies... was hard to find the amount of poppy seed I needed.  I ended up using less than 1/2 the poppy seed and it still worked well. Even though I made them a month ago and can't remember the adjustments to ingredients I didn't have on hand at the time I DO remember that these were indeed excellent and well received by all! Thank you. They are to be tightly sealed and eaten days later for best flavour and chewy factor. My hungarian boyfriend's dad ate a plate of them in one sitting -- they are very edible. My boyfriend really likes 'em too as well as friends wanting new ways to use poppy seeds. Thanks again. Will remake many-a-times. P.S. Most important note: they're best eaten at room temperature.
