Toasted Pumpkin Seeds
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/22633/toasted-pumpkin-seeds/
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Spread the pumpkin seeds on a medium baking sheet. Drizzle with oil. Sprinkle with salt. Bake 45 minutes in the preheated oven, stirring occasionally, until lightly toasted.
I've been toasting pumpkins seeds for many years using this method - with only minor changes. First, I do not rinse the seeds at all - just get the big hunks of pumpkin and strings out - a little pumpkin on the seeds gives it flavor! Second, I spray my cookie sheet and seeds with Pam. Third, I've never measured the salt, just sprinkle salt as if you were salting fries to your own taste. (You can always add more after they're out of the oven) Fourth, I prefer a little cooler oven - 300 - and just wait until they smell fantastic and just barely golden brown. (45 mins to an hour) Turn the oven off and let them stay in the oven another 45 mins or so. Mmmmm.....  Tasted great. Just like my moms recipe. I added walnuts but other than that followed the recipe and they were delicious. Toasted Pumpkin Seeds Haiku: "Rinse & dry seeds first? No mention of that is here. Basic crunchy seeds!" This is pretty much my goof-proof pumpkin seed recipe. Nothing wrong with basic oily, salty snack, but sometimes it's fun to jazz it up sugary or spicy style too. Other than rinsing the slime and strings off the seeds and laying them flat on a dishtowel to dry, I can't complain about this recipe. These came out perfect.  Because our oven runs hot, I did them at 300 for about 20 minutes.  I kept an eye on them because I have burned pumpkin seeds in the past.  Love when you take them out of the oven and they snap, crackle and pop as they are cooling. I've made this before and this is s really good recipe. This is exactly the way I always make them. I like to toast them until they are pretty dark , because pumpkin seeds tend to be pretty tough. There is a trick to eating them too! I always eat just a very few at a time, if you try to chew alot the fibers will make them hard to chew. These are my favorite fall snack food, a big pumpkin will give you loads of them ! Good! Good! I made this for the first time and I love them. I also did not rinse them and just removed the large chunk the pumpkin which I think gave it a great overall flavor with the salt was delicious. I used olive oil and Rosemary. Wish I could have the snack year round! while waiting on my Hubbard squash to bae I clean teh seeds and let them soak in salt water then drained them and put a little olive oil in the bowl and mixed them up before going on the cookie sheet. tho 45 mins is way too long in my oven glad I was watching them. took 35 mins and the seeds came out perfect !!
