Spider Cupcakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/22684/spider-cupcakes/
Prepare cupcakes according to package directions. Let cool completely. Cut licorice into 3 inch sections. Working with one or two cupcakes at a time, so the frosting doesn't set before decorating, frost the cupcakes with the white frosting. Insert licorice pieces into the outer edges of the cupcakes to make the legs of the spider, 3 legs on each side (4 takes up too much space). Place two pieces of candy corn on the front of the cupcake for fangs and use two red hots as eyes. Sprinkle with decorator sugar. Repeat with remaining cupcakes.
Very cute ! Fun. Black Shoe Lace Licorice ! GOOD LUCK FINDING- This is what I did and found (licorice wheels unroll and pulled the two strings apart also pull apart licorice in the Berry (dark purple Color) Black not available. If you want to know more on WHY YOU CAN'T HARDLY FIND BLACK SHOE LACE LICORICE READ BELOW:In regards to the Black Shoe Lace Licorice. I called over 20 stores in my area and visited serveral with no avail. I ended up Calling Kraft, Hershey, Farley Sanders etc. to find out what the deal was.They don't make it anymore and gave me a number in my state to check with smaller a candy Company. They inturn helped me find the product. GOOD LUCK ! The customer service depts at the big candy makers said they would put in their 2 cents for selling it around Halloween/ fall because various RECEIPES and PROJECTS CALL FOR IT. We use to make these but we added piping white frosting into center of cup cake. When kids bit into tell them that was spider guts. They screamed ! The taste was fine and they were cute with candy eyes and no fangs (too scary for a lot of kids and that's how they are in the posted picture).  The biggest issue we had was with the legs.  We tried multiple things, licorice as called for, Twizzlers, reinforced with toothpicks Twizzlers- nothing worked to keep them at an angle.  We finally had to opt for pipe cleaners.  They worked well but it would have been better with an edible item. We used a different cupcake recipe but we're inspired by spider decoration. Kids did it all themselves and had a blast They came out great!  I used rainbow Twizzlers and they were really cute.  The kids decorated them themselves. It's Cool Like Halloween Love this app and how I can save all the recipes for later!! This is an amazing recipe Me and the kids love this a lot. Hi everyone, made this for my 5year old twins' Halloween Party and it was a huge success!  The kids loved them!  I used thin licorish all in different colours and used chocolate icing instead and they still loved them!!
