Chicken Enchiladas with Cream of Chicken Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/22737/chicken-enchiladas-v/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Mix soup and sour cream in a small bowl; set aside. Melt margarine in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion and chili powder, and sauté until tender. Stir in chicken, chile peppers, and 2 tablespoons of the soup mixture. Cook and stir until heated through. Spread 1/2 cup of the soup mixture in a 9x13-inch baking dish. Spoon about 1/4 cup of the chicken mixture down the center of each tortilla. Roll up tortillas and place, seam-sides-down, in the baking dish. Spoon remaining soup mixture on top, and sprinkle with cheese. Bake in the preheated oven until bubbly and lightly browned, about 25 minutes.
This recipe is very good and easy to make. I think I got the biggest compliment last week about it too...my boyfriend and I went out to eat at a local, well-known Mexican restaurant. He ordered the enchiladas....as he pushed his half finished plate away he told me "your enchiladas are better"!I have made a few modifications to the recipe to suit my tastes. Instead of the cream of chicken soup, I use Campbells Nacho Cheese or Southwestern Cheese soup. I add a jar of medium or mild green chile salsa to the sour cream/soup mixture for texture and spice. Instead of chopping the chicken for the filling, I shred it and add a few tablespoons of the sour cream/soup mixture to moisten the filling, otherwise it tends to be a bit dry to me. We enjoyed it so much. The only change was to sprinkle some roasted pepitas  (pumpkin seeds) on top of the cheese. Looked special. Served it with our favorite salsa. This is a must I used rotel instead of green Chile peppers .  Also instead of rolling the enchiladas I just line the bottom of a 9x11 pan with tortillas, add filling, add another top layer of tortillas and cheese.  Saves time and tastes the same! fixed it last night for dinner and my family loved it...will be making it again soon. Will add more green chiles and maybe use shredded pepper jack cheese - and maybe a little ground chimayo pepper and garlic powder - but it’s definitely a terrific recipe. I made it exactly as written, and shared it with a friend from Kenya, who had never had enchiladas before (I warned him that there are many, many ways to make them!). Anyway, he proclaimed them excellent, once he had added sriracha sauce; he said they weren't spicy enough without it.  I am not a hot-sauce aficionado, so for me they were great without the hot sauce.  Wonderful leftovers! This was a great recipe! I added chili powder to the chicken and the mixture to add a little kick. I also let the chicken sautee in the mixture before I made the enchilada's.  It was delicious! The chicken was super juicy and tender. I will definitely be making this recipe again :)
