Libby's Famous Pumpkin Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/22755/libbys-famous-pumpkin-pie/
Gather the ingredients. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studios Combine sugar, cinnamon, salt, ginger, and cloves in small bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studios Beat eggs lightly in large bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in pumpkin and sugar-spice mixture. otdash Meredith Food Studios Gradually stir in evaporated milk. Pour into pie shell. otdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) and continue to bake until a knife inserted near the center comes out clean, 40 to 50 more minutes. Remove from the oven and set on a wire rack to cool to room temperature. Serve cooled pie immediately or refrigerate until ready to serve. (Do not freeze as this will cause the crust to separate from the filling.)
I have faithfully made this pie for Thanksgiving every year for the last 40 years...except this year. I guess I was in a creative, experimental mood and so I tried a different recipe. I thought it was quite good, as did the others at the Thanskgiving table, but we all agreed I should stick with the good ol' Libby's pie. As they say, if it ain't broke, don't fix it. Everything you'd want in a pumpkin pie is right here in this classic and traditional recipe--smooth and velvety texture, the perfect blend of spices, and it always turns out great. There was really no reason to try a different pumpkin pie recipe in the first place, and there's still no reason to try another pumpkin pie recipe. This will resume its place on the Thanksgiving table next year! (Many years ago my mom told me to add a couple tablespoons of rum, and I've always thought it made this pie just a little bit better :) The Libby's recipe is always a go to.  You can't go wrong.  However this time I tried a store bought, pre-made Graham Cracker pie crust by Hospitality just to try. Never again!  I'm sticking to my old stand by made from scratch pie crusts made with lard. I make this pie every year at Thanksgiving and Christmas my family loves them. Of course I make them other times as well. I love this recipe! I do omit the sugar and salt as this is a staple for my 2 year old 😁 instead I blend roasted pumpkin with 1 very ripe banana. I also add 1-2 tbsp maple syrup. He absolutely has loved this since he was about 1 years old and we had a surplus of pumpkins in my garden. I think it's delicious too and the maple syrup compliments the autumn flavours well ❤️ Too much salt for me. Very easy to make. I used pumpkin pie spice instead of the dry spices, but I did mix  the salt into it.  It was delicious ....I did 2 smaller pies with  store bought crust & another larger pie with homade crust. This was my first time ever making pumpkin pie. & this recipie is really easy to make... I cut the sugar to 1/2 cup and it was perfect for us.I will definitely make again Always wonderful!  I add a dash of nutmeg and vanilla extract (1/4 tsp). Yummy. My mother always used evaporated milk also. I am 65 years old and this was my 1st pumpkin pie. Lol. I always just bought them in the bakery. My mother made everything from scratch. Even her bread crumbs! Lol. Thks. for a great recipe
