Stuffed Shells IV
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/22751/stuffed-shells-iv/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain. Set aside in warm water. In a large heavy skillet saute mushrooms, garlic and onions. Add ground turkey and cook until evenly brown. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from heat, and stir in spinach, parsley, cottage cheese and Parmesan cheese. Stuff the cooked shells with the mixture, and place in a 9x13 inch baking dish. Cover with spaghetti sauce, and sprinkle top with mozzarella cheese. Cover with foil, and bake in preheated oven for 30 to 45 minutes, or until heated through.
This was AWESOME. I did change a few things as recommended. Added 2 tablespoons of Italian Seasoning, 1/2 tsp crushed red pepper & 1/2 tsp Oregano to turkey meat. Also, instead of cottage cheese, I did 1 cup low fat cottage cheese & 1 cup ricotta. Made sure to drain and dry out spinach and shells because I saw others experienced watery consistancy. Turned out perfect!!! Big hit with family and did freeze extras as recommended. Yummie...this is a keeper!!! It was easy enough for my husband to make. He used low fat mozzarella and fat free cottage cheese. The kids devoured it, they had no idea there were mushrooms in it. Definitely a keeper! Amazing recipe. These stuffed shells turned out great! These were well received by all at Christmas Eve dinner. I usually make my shells with beef, but the turkey was a nice change of pace. I think next time I would wilt some fresh spinach, as I don't care much for the flavor of frozen. The one thing I especially loved about this recipe is that it makes the PERFECT amount of stuffing for the shells - none leftover! I made one full 9 x 13 pan for dinner, and two 8 x 8 pans to freeze for later. I substituted ground beef for turkey and added just a bit of cayenne powder....the shells are really deliscious and easy.  Great shells recipe. I will only use this recipe.   It was so delicious    We made a large pan and froze individual servings.    Even thawed and reheated they were the best Recipe was ok.  I used an immersion blender to turn the cottage cheese into the same consistency as ricotta.The reason I gave 4 stars is that with the amount of filling I was only able to fill one 9 x 13 pan.  I do not cut back on the filling.  Disappointed as I cooked up the whole pack of pasta and could not use it all.  Wasteful One of our favorite recipes. Healthy and delicious! These are great. Honestly they taste even better as leftovers the next day! Thanks for the recipe! Delicious! Very Easy to Cook! Will make again! Also recipe can feed 4-5 people comfortably!
