Parmesan Crusted Tilapia Fillets
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228056/parmesan-crusted-tilapia-fillets/
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil. Whisk Parmesan cheese, parsley, paprika, salt, and pepper together in a shallow dish. Coat tilapia fillets with olive oil and press into the Parmesan cheese mixture. Arrange coated fillets on the prepared baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until the fish flakes easily with a fork, 10 to 12 minutes.
NOTE: I am the original submitter of this recipe. These will not come out crunchy like a traditional crusted fish. They are low carb and do not use breading, therefore they have more of a baked and seasoned texture. I tried to have the title changed, but allrecipes informed me this could not be done and to add a review instead. This is also tasty made with shredded parmesan (can be found with the bagged shredded cheeses) instead of grated. I sometimes add minced garlic or garlic powder to the seasoning as well. To cut the parmesan  flavor down just a little and to add a bit of crunch I added panko bread crumbs 1/4th cup turned out GREAT! Delicious!  I had flounder instead and cooked on the broil setting in instant pot air fryer. I turned halfway through cooking time (12 minutes total). I LOVE THIS!  I turned them over to get both sides crusty. I made fish tacos with one and ate the other plain. Both will be regular meals. I cooked 20 minutes so they were crusty. i followed the cooking times an it turned out great. i would definetly  would make it. This is a tasty and easy way to cook tilapia. I used smoked paprika. I added lemon juice when I rubbed in the olive oil and sprinkled the fish with salt and pepper before adding the Parmesan mixture. Then I squirted lemon juice on the fish before serving to brighten up the dish. There was little cleanup since I put aluminum foil in the pan as the recipe directed. It was more colorful and appetizing than plain tilapia. I have been making this for many years. Great recipe and easy to make.  My ...go to.. change is that I use a mix of Mayonnaise and mustard instead of the olive oil to coat the fillet before adding the parmesan. It helps to keep from overcooking the fish. I like mine about  130 to 140 degrees. Like the recipe, changed nothing, I should have added more salt. (1/4 tsp)I cooked on convection bake and some of the parmesan tips burnt. I could smell a little bit as I have great sense of smell. May tent it halfway through next time. Flavor was great. I did use real parmesan  not Kraft. Served with steamed Broccoli and a salad.
