Paleo Maryland Crab Cakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228078/paleo-maryland-crab-cakes/
Whisk egg, mayonnaise, seafood seasoning, Dijon, Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce, lemon juice, and pepper together in a bowl. Place crabmeat into a separate bowl; add mayonnaise mixture and gently mix with your hands to combine. Mix in 1/4 cup almond flour, bell pepper, green onion, and parsley. Form mixture into six round cakes. Dredge each cake in remaining 1/3 cup almond flour and place onto a parchment-lined sheet pan. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Bake crab cakes, uncovered, in the preheated oven until golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes.
I can't BEGIN to tell you how good this recipe was! I made a lobster tail stuffed with this crab mixture. The flavors positively burst in your mouth. The red bell pepper provided just a little kick (along with the Tabasco sauce). If you're doing paleo, Whole30, or Fast Metabolism Diet, you HAVE to try this! Delish!!!! Tasted as good as a 5 star restaurant quality crab cake! The only thing we changed was that we left out the hot sauce. We made them in a frying pan and also baked them, they were delicious both ways however we seldom eat fried foods so we will be doing them by the baking method from now on. We have made them 4 times already since February and this Thursday will be the 5th time....soooo good!! I do agree with some of the other reviews that they do have a tendency to fall apart so my husband forms them in a ramekin dish and then turns them over onto a cookie sheet. They are perfect for me since I have a gluten allergy, thanks so much for this great recipe!! I added more red pepper and used chipotle mayo in place of mayo. The added flavor was needed. These are amazing. Blow even restaurant crab cakes out of the water.  We have made these several times, and stick right to the recipe :) My new favourite crab cake recipe, the flavours are delicious.  I found mine did not crisp up enough for me in the oven, so I did a quick pan fry before serving.  Will definitely make these again. I made it, and for all those complaining that the ingredients were not paleo, make your own mayo and Worcestershire sauce from scratch, then you have no problem. I just added another egg to help with the binding. Great crab cakes. Easy to make hours before cooking. Added an extra egg for better adhesion. Served on arugula with chipotle aioli. Awesome! Used 1/2 recipe with 2 6.5oz cans of crab meat and added an 2 small eggs for extra binding. Sounds good. I couldn't make it though because I have an autoimmune digestive disease and am on a restricted diet (Paleo and SCD). Worcestershire sauce is neither Paleo nor SCD compliant. I too use Primal Kitchen's avocado oil mayonnaise. Used panko bread crumbs to bread the patties and used a whole red pepper with the scallion.
