Chinese Pork Dumplings
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228052/chinese-pork-dumplings/
Prepare dipping sauce: Combine soy sauce, rice vinegar, chives, sesame seeds, and chile sauce in a small bowl. Set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Prepare dumplings: Mix pork, garlic, egg, chives, soy sauce, sesame oil, and ginger in a large bowl until thoroughly combined. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place a dumpling wrapper on a lightly floured work surface and spoon about 1 tablespoon of the filling in the middle. otdash Meredith Food Studio Wet the edge with a little water and crimp together forming small pleats to seal the dumpling. Repeat to form remaining dumplings. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat 1 to 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Place 8 to 10 dumplings in the pan and cook until browned, about 2 minutes per side. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour in 1 cup of water; cover and cook until the dumplings are tender and pork is cooked through, about 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Repeat to cook remaining dumplings, adding more oil and water for each batch. Serve dumplings with dipping sauce. llrecipes Magazin
Hubby says these are A++ Better than the best Chinese restaurant dumpling he has ever had. A couple of tips, don't over fill or your dumplings will be hard to fold and will pop open when you cook them. Wet your fingers while folding and pinching shut - if any of them appear to be coming apart just wet your fingers and pinch them shut. These are great to make ahead and freeze. Great for last minute company or a quick and tasty dinner. Thanks for a wonderful recipe. It's a Keeper! Update: Chinese Chives are longer and thicker than regular chives. If you can't find Chinese chives just use regular chives or garlic chives. This dumpling recipe is great! WOW, these are better than takeout!  I loved the dipping sauce!  I did use low-sodium soy sauce, I will definitely be making these again.  They freeze well too! Wow. I had to make this for a project and it is absolutely amazing. These are great! And the accompanying dipping sauce packs a great salty, umami punch 😋The recipe calls for Chinese chives. I used regular chives and these worked fine. I served the dumplings with egg fried rice, tender stem broccoli, prawn toast, prawn crackers, and fortune cookies. Note, a few of these are quite filling in themselves. FANTASTIC This was great!  Everyone in the family loved it even the grandchildren. I had family visiting in town and they requested twice.  It's time consuming but worth it.  It saved time to prepare the filling the night before and then wrap the next day. Next time I will try with shrimp. I love me some dumplings! I like trying different fillings when I make dumplings, chicken/cabbage/glass noodles/cheese...Next up I want to try Korean fried chicken dumplings! Delicious!  First attempt ever at Chinese Dumplings, and couldn’t have turned out much better.  Made about 50 dumplings with this recipe. Followed it pretty much as written. We really liked the extra zing of the sauce. Gonna try to freeze the leftovers to see how that goes.  Thanks!!
