Cranberry Orange Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228118/cranberry-orange-bread/
Gather all ingredients. llrecipes/Oana Enni Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 8x4-inch loaf pan. Combine flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, and baking soda in a bowl. Stir butter into flour mixture until combined. Add orange juice, orange zest, and egg; mix well. llrecipes/Oana Enni llrecipes/Oana Enni Fold in cranberries and walnuts. Spoon batter into the prepared pan. llrecipes/Oana Enni Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 60 to 75 minutes. llrecipes/Oana Enni Cool in the pan for 10 minutes before removing to cool completely on a wire rack. llrecipes/Oana Enni
This turned out amazing. I noticed one reviewer indicated their loaf was dry - I used a full cup of orange juice and used frozen cranberries and increased the cranberries to 2 cups. My loaf was really moist and I got rave reviews at work at a pot-luck. I will definitely be making this one a lot.....I also left out the nuts because of allergies and I don't think anyone minded. only added a bit more juice to the batter and covered it with orange juice/powdered sugar-frosting after cooling. I loved it! I added a little vanilla extract and used brown sugar instead of white sugar. It turned out great. FABULOUS flavor and very easy to make.  However, I agree with the other reviews that it's dry and crumbly.  I added extra orange juice but think a little more fat and maybe an additional half an egg would help bind it better.  I'm going to try this again with these modifications. The batter was Very thick so I added more orange juice .. it was quite difficult to even stir before I added the extra juice.Bread is in the oven now. I made a double batch and after reading the other reviews I'm gonna keep a close eye on it so it doesn't burn.I do think this recipe needs some revision and adjustments.. I'm always baking and trying new recipes and can't wait to see how this one turns out! 3 Stars for now..because I did feel I had to alter the recipe.. Great recipe was a little dry once cooled Made the muffins. I didn't have the orange zest, but they still turned out great!  The muffins lasted a little longer at my house because the bread is always "custom" sliced, and rarely is it a thin custom slice.   : ) The bread was delicious but I’m not seeing cinnamon in the recipe did I just miss its I make it exactly as the recipe delicious I made it twice and I will be making it again and again and again love it!
