Slow Cooker Chicken with Stuffing
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228109/slow-cooker-chicken-with-stuffing/
Place chicken into the bottom of a slow cooker. Pour broth over chicken. Mix soup, stuffing mix, and water in a bowl; spoon on top of chicken. Cook in the slow cooker on Low for 7 hours.
Great idea! This recipe is so easy to make. I prefer cream of mushroom soup, but either would work very well. If you want to spiff it up a bit, you can add diced onions, and celery to the bottom of the crock, put the chicken on top of the vegetables, pour in the combined liquid over the chicken, and put the stuffing mix on top. I use Mrs. Cubbison's stuffing mix (16oz), but it still works great. After cooking the stuffing on top, you can pull out the chicken and stir the stuffing into the liquid. I work away from the home so I had to slow cook on low for the day and the chicken has great flavor, but ends up as shredded chicken after 10 hours. Luckily, my family love it. We all give it 5 stars! No changes ! Simply delightful 🙂 Added celery, carrots and onions. Hearty meal. I’ve been cooking a lot lately and asked my family for their favorite recipe. This was it. Everyone loved it. I served it with cranberry sauce on the side. Used frozen bone-in chicken thighs that already had. I think next time I’ll add an extra box of stuffing mix because that went fast. This is my go to recipe for a delicious and filling meal. Absolutely a crowd favorite! I cook this quite often for my husband loves it. I add a 8 oz container of sour cream,the chicken broth and a can of cream of chicken soup to the stuffing. The chicken comes out very moist. Cook a vegetable to go with it and you have a very quick and tasty meal already at the end of a work day. Super easy! Throw in the crockpot and leave it. This is an excellent easy recipe.. I loved it and my husband loved it.. Definitely will be doing this again. Made it for first time today. Generally, a great, easy recipe. Would modify with low sodium ingredients and maybe add onions and tomatoes.  But this recipe is a keeper for sure!
