Caprese Salad with Balsamic Reduction
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228126/caprese-salad-with-balsamic-reduction/
Gather all ingredients. Stir balsamic vinegar and honey together in a small saucepan and place over high heat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer until mixture has reduced to 1/3 cup, about 10 minutes. Set aside to cool. otdash Meredith Food Studio Arrange alternating slices of tomato and mozzarella decoratively on a serving platter. otdash Meredith Food Studio Sprinkle with salt and black pepper, tuck basil leaves around slices, and drizzle with olive oil and the balsamic reduction. otdash Meredith Food Studio
YUM! I only had grape tomatoes and small fresh mozzarella balls, so I went w/ it. The flavors were wonderful and the basalmic reduction really added something special to this...so light and refreshing! I will def be making this again~YUM! Thanks for sharing. :) OMG This was the best salad I’ve ever eaten. I topped my salad with leftover steak and mushrooms which I left cold. I used a reduced gourmet balsamic glaze instead of what was in the recipe. I also used avocado oil in this. I could have this at least once a week. LOVED The balsamic vinegar and honey reduction made all the difference.  Delicious. Followed the recipe as written.  Huge hit! I used heirloom tomoatoes and did a little hack by buying Trader Joe's "Glaze" balsalmic vinegar. My guests loved the salad and it is so easy and looks beautiful individally plated. This was so delicious, and easy! Good recipe otherwise -- but the instructions for the reduction are WAY off.  The first time I tried to reduce it to a third; by the time it had cooled it was a solid.  This time, I just heated it only until the volume had perceptibly declined, then turned it off.  It's cooled now -- and about what it should be. I loved it so much, I'm going to make at least twice a week until the Michigan tomatoes are gone. This was so delicious! I never did a vinegar reduction. I simmered it for about 10 minutes. I forgot the honey but really didn’t need it. I think the vinegar reduction was sweet enough and the flavor was amazing. I think the honey would’ve ruined it. Use fresh ingredients- I make this every summer from basil and tomatoes from the garden. But this is the first time I used the reduction and I will always from now on. In fact the flavor is so amazing I will use this reduction for other things too!! The balsamic reduction is very sweet but good.  The olive oil helps to balance the sweetness  with the salt and pepper. I used Mexican Oaxaca cheese which is like mozzarella. Best caprese salad I’ve probably ever had
