Bibimbap (Korean Rice With Mixed Vegetables)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228240/bibimbap-korean-rice-with-mixed-vegetables/
Stir together cucumber pieces and gochujang paste in a bowl; set aside. Bring about 2 cups water to a boil in a large nonstick skillet and stir in spinach; cook until bright green and wilted, 2 to 3 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Drain spinach and squeeze out as much moisture as possible; set spinach aside in a bowl and stir in soy sauce. Heat 1 teaspoon olive oil in a large nonstick skillet; cook and stir carrots until softened, about 3 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in garlic and cook just until fragrant, about 1 minute. Stir in cucumber mixture; sprinkle with red pepper flakes. Set carrot mixture aside in a bowl. Brown beef in a clean nonstick skillet over medium heat, about 5 minutes per side; set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat remaining 1 teaspoon olive oil in another nonstick skillet over medium-low heat. Fry eggs just on one side until yolks are runny, but whites are firm, 2 to 4 minutes. Divide cooked rice into 4 large serving bowls; top with spinach mixture, a few pieces of beef, and cucumber mixture. Place 1 egg atop each serving. Drizzle each bowl with 1 teaspoon sesame oil, a sprinkle of sesame seeds, and a small amount of gochujang paste if desired. otdash Meredith Food Studio
When made correctly this dish is delicious. If you are considering adding it to your dinner rotation, then I highly recommend taking a trip to your local Asian supermarket. There you will find ingredients and tools to make this perfect every time. At the Asian supermarket you should buy your gochujang, stone bowls, sticky rice, chili oil, and their thicker soy sauce made for soups.Everything is made up ahead of time. I use: bean sprouts, shredded carrot that I mix with the thicker soy sauce, chicken tossed in the same sauce, steamed and pressed spinach tossed in chili oil, bamboo shoots, water chestnuts, and an egg, but you can add different veggies if you prefer. I put my stone bowls in a warm oven while I cook my sticky rice in my rice cooker. The sticky rice gets really crunchy in the stone bowl and is well worth the effort. Once it's done, I take the bowls out and place on a hot burner (be careful of heat because the bowl can crack). I add the sticky rice to the bottom with chili oil and cook for five minutes. Continue to stir so it doesn't burn and occasionally flick water into the bowl to get that crunch. When that is finished, I add the other ingredients around the bowl like a sliced pie would appear. Lastly I cook the egg for the top, add salt and pepper to it and place it on top. Undercook the egg as it will continue to cook in the very hot bowl. I cut my gochujang with sesame oil to thin it out a bit. This is a family favorite and healthy too. I love the easy to follow instructions.    Worked great Looks and tastes amazing!!Anyone who doesn't like it cooked it wrong. Tastes as good as that one Korean restaurant I went to. Loved this! I took advise from other reviewers and used the Easy Korean Ground Beef recipe from this site, and sautéed the spinach in sesame oil instead of using another pot to boil, and used sticky rice.  Since everything is cooked separately, I used on pan for all (except the rice).  This was very good, and very filling.  Son gave it 5 stars! It was delicious, very filling too! Would make again. Really liked the recipe .For the spinach I cooked the recipe in a frying pan with some sesame oil it will cook down then Iput it in a bowl and added he soy sauce .Followed some other advice about the meat did added Korean sauce to it . Cooked Basmati rice because I had it . Then followed the recipe Delicious! I forgot to add the egg, but it was very filling and I enjoyed it The cucumber with chili paste was pretty good. Cucumber is not usually cooked; I usually don't like cucumber so I was pleasantly surprised. The spinach was basic but good also. I personally felt like the fried egg didn't mesh well with the other flavors but that is a personal preference. I added some salt to season the beef but felt it would have been nice to add a unique seasoning to give it more flavor. I loved the way it looked. Very visually appealing. I just need to make some modifications to make it perfect. Delicious! My husband loved it more than our favorite restaurant version. This is a keeper!
