The Best Caramel Apples
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228210/the-best-caramel-apples/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bring a large saucepan of water to a boil. Dip apples in boiling water for a few seconds, using a slotted spoon, then dry with paper towels to remove any wax from the peels. Set apples aside to cool completely, about 30 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Insert sticks into the bottom of each cooled apple through the core for a handle. otdash Meredith Food Studio Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Stir brown sugar, sweetened condensed milk, corn syrup, and butter together in a saucepan over medium-high heat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bring to a boil, stirring constantly, then reduce heat to medium. Cook until a candy thermometer reads 248 degrees F (120 degrees C), stirring constantly to prevent burning, about 25 to 30 minutes. A teaspoon of caramel dropped in a glass of cold water, should form a firm ball. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove caramel from heat and stir in vanilla extract. otdash Meredith Food Studio Working quickly, dip each apple into the hot caramel to completely coat the apple and about 1/2 inch of the wooden handle. otdash Meredith Food Studio Sprinkle apples with any desired toppings while still hot. otdash Meredith Food Studio Let caramel apples cool on the prepared baking sheet, about 1 hour. Use caution, caramel is very hot. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Here are some things I've learned while making these caramel apples. 1. If the caramel is not sticking properly, you need to heat caramel up again to 248. The caramel will stick perfectly until it starts to cool then the butter separates and it will not stick. It really is useful working with a candy thermometer because you can monitor the temperature closely. With one of the batches I overheated the caramel when reheating and it turned into hard toffee. 2. Placing apples in the boiling water made them seep juice, will try them without following that step the next time. I had many extra apples and kept them near a cool door, that made the caramel hard but once it was placed in a warm room they started to soften again. Definitely worth trying, flavor is far superior compared to store purchased caramels. Also, it is useful to have a helper hold dipped apples upright to cool a moment before placing on parchment otherwise you will have the hot caramel puddle. Grandchildren Loved it! I made the recipe itself exactly as written and it came out lovely.  Coming up to 238 degrees was quick for me, maybe 20 minutes max.  I didn't de-wax the apples but I did wash and dry them, and then chill them in the fridge for about an hour beforehand, drying again when they came out.  They turned out great and my grandchildren loved decorating them! The caramel is fantastic as far as depth of flavor and chew. Cold apples are the key. Swirled them about 15 seconds, scrapped the bottom and hardly any pooling. Left over caramel made great candy. This was very easy and delicious.  A classic fall favorite. First caramel I haven't scorched and ruined. Would make about 10 large caramel apples. I had 5, put the rest of the sauce in a small square dish, cut it up after it cooled later for little caramel squares. Exactly like my Mom made them back in the 60's i remember her testing the caramel dripping into the water. Mom was a stay at home Mom, we had homemade bread,cinnamon rolls ,cakes and pies ,she always loved to sing or whisle sometimes while she cooked ,wonderful memories. Delicious! My caramel took 20 minutes to reach temp, so pay attention to your thermometer. This recipe worked perfectly as is and the caramel apples came out amazing! This recipe was so simple but so delicious and the kids had an amazing fun time. We crushed graham crackers instead of peanuts and it’s so delicious.  Thank you!!!!
