Caldereta (Filipino Beef Stew)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228239/caldereta-filipino-beef-stew/
Heat vegetable oil in a large pot over medium heat. Sprinkle beef with salt and black pepper and brown in the hot oil with garlic, about 10 minutes. Pour in water, pineapple juice, onion, tomato sauce, and tomato paste. Bring to a boil, turn heat to low, and simmer until beef is almost tender, 35 to 45 minutes. Stir potatoes, red bell pepper, carrot, mini sausages, pineapple chunks with their juice, olives, and bay leaves into the stew. Bring back to a boil and simmer until potatoes are tender, about 20 more minutes. Season with hot pepper sauce, salt, and black pepper.
This "Caldereta (Filipino Beef Stew)" recipe provides a lovely "sweet and sour" dish. It has a festive bouquet of colors and flavors: red peppers and tomatoes; white potatoes; black olives; orange carrots; yellow pineapple chunks; beef-stew meat; and mini cocktail sausages. I added a lot of pepper and the full tablespoon of optional hot sauce, and it still wasn't especially spicy relative to the spicy food we typically eat at our home. I am guessing that maybe the natural sweetness of the pineapple juice cuts any spiciness, but I really don't know. In any case, we quite enjoyed it. Thank you Moaa for sharing your recipe. I like it with a lot of pine apple and it was good I also found this to be lacking in flavor. I floured the beef before browning to see if that would help thicken. I used broth instead of water. I used chili garlic sauce instead of tobacco, and I put in 2 Tbsp of worsterchire sauce. Still, the only thing I tasted was pineapple, and it was thin. I like a thicker sauce so I used flour and butter and thickened all the juice. Used the recipe "as is" beyond that. My little ones loved it for its sweet and sourness. This "Caldereta (Filipino Beef Stew)" recipe provides a lovely "sweet and sour" dish. It has a festive bouquet of colors and flavors: red peppers and tomatoes; white potatoes; black olives; orange carrots; yellow pineapple chunks; beef-stew meat; and mini cocktail sausages. I added a lot of pepper and the full tablespoon of optional hot sauce, and it still wasn't especially spicy relative to the spicy food we typically eat at our home. I am guessing that maybe the natural sweetness of the pineapple juice cuts any spiciness, but I really don't know. In any case, we quite enjoyed it. Thank you Moaa for sharing your recipe. This stew was pretty good, but it was lacking in flavor. With added seasoning, it would have been MUCH better!
