Vegetarian Bibimbap
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228241/vegetarian-bibimbap/
Heat sesame oil in a large skillet over medium heat; cook and stir carrot and zucchini in the hot oil until vegetables begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Stir in bean sprouts, bamboo shoots, and mushrooms. Cook and stir until carrots are tender, about 5 more minutes. Season to taste with salt and set vegetables aside. Stir cooked rice, green onions, soy sauce, and black pepper in the same skillet until the rice is hot. In a separate skillet over medium heat, melt butter and gently fry eggs, turning once, until the yolks are still slightly runny but the egg whites are firm, about 3 minutes per egg. To serve, divide hot cooked rice mixture between 3 serving bowls and top each bowl with 1/3 of the vegetable mixture and a fried egg. Serve sweet red chili sauce on the side for mixing into bibimbap.
LOVE this recipe! I have tried to recreate bibimpop, which is next to impossible in the States. This was FANTASTIC! I began the recipe by frying some tofu in the oil (wok.... 1 inch width slices. Key is to not touch the slices for 7 minutes until you flip!) as my rice was cooking (in the rice cooker). Then, I followed the recipe as written, but threw in some thawed freezer veggies as well (broccoli and spinach) with the shoots, sprouts, and shrooms. I mixed the rice, soy sauce, and onions in a separate bowl, and we each served our own since I will kill people with gochu chung or siracha. I give this 10 stars. I have been searching for a good bibimpop recipe, and this reminded me of Korea as much as the ingredients could allow!!! Loved the addition of the mushrooms. I will make this over and over. THANK YOU! Perfect! I love how easy this recipe is to follow, right down to how many minutes it takes to cook an egg. It feed 2 adults and 2 toddlers if you use an extra couple eggs.  To my surprise my 3 year old liked this, veggies and all. Sauce is not too spicy for a toddler who doesn't like spicy things. This is so delicious and filling and can be made a thousand ways with ingredients on hand. This is going on my rotation. I made this for my family and they loved it! This was a fun alternative dish that my family really enjoyed! I made this for my husband, his picky Father and myself. It went over big even with picky father in law. they put some sweet chilli sauce on it, and said it was wonderful. If you wanted to add shrimp or shaved steak it would go most excellent. 5 star for sure This is super easy, and very healthy. I made my rice, fried rice, which turned out really good. I had a few cherry tomatoes in the fridge, so I threw them on top. I also used my rice maker, which as a steamer basket, for the vegetables, which cut out some cooking time. Thanks for sharing the recipe! This is amazing! I was looking for a good bibimbap recipe and this fits the bill. I did add sriracha sauce and it was amazing I made too many substitutions (based on what was in the kitchen) to give this a fair review, but I liked how it turned out and appreciated having a jumping off point. This is super good and very easy to make. My inly adjustments were minus the mushrooms (GF doesn’t like them) and I added another tbsp of soy sauce. You need to be mindful of any additional salt tho.
