Ham Salad
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228283/ham-salad-spread/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix ham, eggs, celery, pickle relish, and onion together in a medium bowl until combined. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix mayonnaise and mustard together in a small bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add to ham mixture and stir to coat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Refrigerate until ready to serve. otdash Meredith Food Studio
This was great! I made a few adjustments, though. Instead of ham I used store bought nacho chips, and instead of eggs I used cake frosting. I don't fancy mayonnaise, so I swapped that out for chicken stock, and then I completely avoided using anything else listed in this recipe.Seriously, what is with people changing the recipe drastically and then leaving negative reviews? Don't you realize that as soon as you change the recipe, you're not reviewing the same thing? Sheesh people... I have not yet made this, but I have a question: Seems to me that the salad COULD be frozen if the mayo is withheld, to be spread on whatever the salad is served on at the  time of presentation. In this case, how long could the mixture stay ok in the freezer? Good, i omitted  the egg and added pimento. This is a delicious, simple recipe exactly as written, but if using for sandwiches instead of crackers I feel it needs a little more mayo, mustard and relish to boost the flavor and stand out against all the bread. Also, the creamier texture when made this way helps keep little pieces of ham from falling out of your sandwich as you eat it. I followed the recipe; so yummy! Made the ham salad as directed. Delicious and will make it again.I may use dill pickle relish next time as that is my favorite type of relish, but will not change anything else! Using this recipe as inspiration, I coarsely chopped the ingredients instead of using my food processor.  I subbed dill pickle relish for sweet and added a couple dashes of smoked paprika. Delicious on King’s Hawaiian rolls with a side of leftover crudité and corn chips.
