Oktoberfest Chicken and Red Cabbage
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228364/oktoberfest-chicken-and-red-cabbage/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place bacon in a large oven-safe or cast iron skillet and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain bacon slices on a paper towel-lined plate until cool; crumble bacon. Leave bacon drippings in the skillet. Whisk flour, kosher salt, and smoked paprika together in a medium bowl until evenly combined. Coat chicken thighs evenly in seasoned flour. Cook coated chicken thighs in drippings in the skillet over medium heat until browned, about 5 minutes per side; transfer chicken to a plate. Drain grease in the skillet except for 1 tablespoon; cook and stir onion and apple in hot grease until onion is translucent and apple is softened, about 5 minutes. Stir in red cabbage and crumbled bacon; season with kosher salt. Cook, stirring often, until cabbage is softened, 5 to 8 minutes. Pour vinegar and red wine into the skillet. Stir in brown sugar and cinnamon until well combined. Bring to a boil; cook until sauce is reduced by half, stirring often, about 10 minutes. Arrange chicken thighs on top of cabbage in the skillet. Bake in the preheated oven until cabbage is tender and chicken is cooked through, about 40 minutes. An instant-read meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of a thigh should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
I love this recipe for it's simplicity. It's so easy to throw together (in one pot no less) and my guests enjoyed it with their beer. I threw in some caraway seeds to go with the German theme. Thanks Herbanspoons Very taste. Chicken was tender and kraut was delicious. Loved the one pan meal for an easy clean up. I made this tonight very quick and easy I cut the servings down to two and it came out just perfect. Instead of using kosher salt I use Lawry's seasoned salt.I will make it again I really enjoyed this recipe.  It was really good and the quantity of the ingredient's was spot on. Thank you so much for sharing. the kids made a fuss about the cabbage.  the 8 year old who loves bacon couldn't understand why I chopped it so small and mixed it with the red stuff, haha, but they scarfed down the chicken.  all the adults loved it.  I made a side of potato dumplings (Schupfnudeln recipe) and store bought apple sauce Made for my family who were thankful for the home cooked meal,  but it was too sweet for their taste. We loved this and each bite more than the last! Used a pink lady apple and regular, green cabbage as I didn’t have red. My red onion was on the smaller side so at the last minute, I also added a chopped shallot. Cooking down the cabbage took at least 10 min and cooking down the wine/vinegar- took me another 10 so I could have waited to start the oven until I got to either of these two steps. This smelled heavenly! The flavors of apples, onions, wine and cabbage was reminiscent of a sweet sauerkraut. Perfect Octoberfest dish or, just because it’s fall! Thanks HerbanSpoons!! Amazingly good - had a red cabbage and looked for a recipe - glad  I found this one! I loved this recipe! The only change made was I moved it to an oven-capable Dutch oven pot as our large skillet wasn’t quite big enough for the apple, onion, AND cabbage combined. It was luscious. Kids ate the chicken, mostly. No worries, I have some German smoked sausage to serve with the leftover cabbage.
