Crispy Roasted Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228363/crispy-roasted-chicken/
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Combine kosher salt, caraway, sage, fennel, coriander, and rosemary in a spice grinder or mortar. Grind to a coarse powder. Transfer spice mixture to a bowl; stir in paprika, garlic powder, flour, and onion powder. Mix in vegetable oil to make a smooth paste. Pat chicken halves dry with paper towels and tuck wing tips behind the back. Brush spice paste onto chicken halves, coating all sides and seasoning under wings and legs. Place chicken halves, skin-sides up, in a baking dish or roasting pan, leaving space around chickens so halves aren't touching. Roast in the preheated oven until no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear, about 1 hour. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh, near the bone, should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Remove from the oven and let rest for 10 minutes before slicing.
I subbed arrowroot starch for the flour for a gluten free version and it rocked the house. I cooked the whole chicken for about 20 minutes on 350* then it was time to go for the run so I turned it down to 200* and was gone about 2.5 hours. When I got back it was perfect. so very perfect. scraps will make a fabulous bone broth! Darn it, I forgot the flour. It still was tasty. I also made gravy and a wild rice blend. I've made this many times as per the recipe and it is a favorite. I've not had problems with the meat drying out. It's always moist.  I make sure to get as far under the skin as possible when basting, not just on the surface. Fabulous, just fabulous.  I see a lot of reviewers cook it on a lower heat.   I was skeptical as well but did it at 425 degrees per recipe.  I'll never cook chicken at a low heat again.  No more 350 degrees for me!!  Some say it was dry.  You need to use a meat thermometer.  Pull it out at 165 degrees.  Don't take the cooking time literal as there are many factors involved, like size of chicken.  These spices are just wonderful.  I made it exactly as written and love it.  I make it all the time.  Use all of the spices, that's what makes this such a great recipe! This was a big hit with my husband and kids, even my picky kid. I couldn't find caraway so I substituted a smaller amount of anise. It was great! This is a great recipe. I have tried it on a spatchcocked chicken and on turkey wings.  I would double the spices. Maybe spread spread  spices morning or evening. We place carrots and small peppers in with it the last 45 minute. And then mix in brown rice. Spice blend is excellent. It was good, but I doubled up on the paste. Your Chicken is too dry Cooked at 430* for 1 hr and 5 min on convection roast in an electric oven (because my gas oven is broken), sat for 10 mins, perfectly cooked and juicy, fall-off-the-bone dark meat and flavorful white meat. Love this recipe! I had two 6LB whole chickens. Tripled the recipe and rubbed all over the whole chicken (didn't cut chicken in half). Roasted on a rack in a roasting pan at 450 for 15 mins. then 350 for 2 hours. The chicken was moist and so flavorful. Will definitely make again and you can use this spice rub on any cut of chicken.
