Beer Glazed Brats and Sauerkraut
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228406/beer-glazed-brats-and-sauerkraut/
Crush celery seeds and caraway seeds with a mortar and pestle until ground. Mix beer, brown sugar, dry mustard, onion powder, pepper, dill, and crushed seeds together in a bowl until brown sugar is dissolved. Place brats into a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Pour beer mixture over top and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, cover, and simmer for 10 minutes. Uncover and increase the heat to medium. Boil the sauce until it reduces to a thick, syrupy liquid, about 20 minutes. Tilt the skillet to roll brats in the sticky sauce until thoroughly coated. Transfer brats to a plate and cover to keep warm. Add sauerkraut to the skillet and stir to combine with any leftover sauce; cook for 5 to 8 minutes. Transfer sauerkraut to a serving platter and top with warm brats.
I did slightly brown the brats (for appearance sake) before simmering in the beer mixture. This was pretty good, but in the future, I would reduce the brown sugar to 1 tsp and maybe even throw the brats on the grill briefly to get some grill marks on them. In my opinion, the sauerkraut will yield 4 servings, not 6, particularly if you serve the brat on the top of it. Certainly was quick to make, and will be made again. I made it true to the recipe except for not having all the spices.  Also, I browned the brats in avocado oil first, 3 minutes each side on medium high. Delicious! Skipped the celery and caraway seeds of this recipe and while I imagine they both enhance the flavors, I didn’t have either. I did sear the brats in my griddle first to give some char marks before adding the beer and brown sugar mix. Sautéd red onions with my sauerkraut. Superb! Already planning to make again soon! Thank you! We always called these Hockey brats!  Personally I never had brats before helping making brats and sauerkraut for the meal for hosting a hockey team.  The brats were soaked in beer overnight then grilled the next day.  The sauerkraut was drained and rinsed.  We sautéed onions in butter until almost caramelized then added drained sauerkraut and then poured beer in.  Once warmed and beer evaporates the brat topping is done.  These were a hit with everyone!  Nothing was left after hockey games done.  We have made these at home since then! More simple than the steps in the recipe.  I did try the recipe but much prefer our hockey brats! These were delicious. Loved the sweetness from the brown sugar. This will be my go to brat recipe, I did add 1/4 tsp fennel and crushed it with dry ingredients, and just used na beer and came out great!!!!!  May try dark lager next to see flavor changes.  Great recipe!! Brown the piggys but not too much, they look bad if they are naked, but a great plan!  The sweet smell is very new to me and were great! Best compliment ever--When I asked my husband what he thought about dinner, he said, "Familiar, it tasted like my childhood."I followed the recipe exactly. I served with homemade homefries. I thought that this was a really tasty recipe! I would add a 1/4 tsp of fennel to the caraway and celery seed next time just to boost the flavour a bit more.
