Slow Cooker Pumpkin Turkey Chili
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228404/slow-cooker-pumpkin-turkey-chili/
Heat olive oil in a large soup pot over medium heat. Add turkey; cook, stirring often, until crumbly, browned, and no longer pink, about 10 minutes. Drain and discard any fat. Transfer turkey to a slow cooker; stir in diced tomatoes, pumpkin, chili beans, black beans, onion, brown sugar, pumpkin pie spice, and chili powder. Cover slow cooker. Cook on Low until pumpkin is tender and starts to break apart, at least 3 hours.
This recipe was great, with a few personalized tweaks. I even won the chili cook-off at my job. Some variations that I tried which were extremely successful:1. Sautee the (red) onion with olive oil, salt and cracked pepper prior to adding it into the cooker.2. Season your turkey as it browns with salt, cracked pepper and a little chipotle chile powder.3. Instead of chili beans, I used Great Northern. They really complimented the turkey, in my opinion.4. Split your tomato portion - half regular diced, half fire roasted (as mentioned in other reviews). 5. Add in a small can of green chiles and diced jalapenos if you're looking for a little more spice with that sweet pumpkin.6. Canned, pureed pumpkin works just as well if you feel like being lazy (I certainly was).7. My local store was out of pumpkin pie spice (shame on me for waiting to buy it until October) - so I used varying dashes of Cinnamon, Paprika and Cumin.8. Use Chipotle chili powder instead of regular. A couple tablespoons of cayenne pepper will also add some spice!9. Season! Season! Season! There is no mention of salt and pepper in the ingredients, so I presume it's understood. But don't forget to SEASON the mixture!!Finally, I created a special sour cream mixture by mixing 3 parts sour cream to 1 part pumpkin puree and added a little chipotle chile powder. This really made the dish!Enjoy! Excellent and won the best chili at a staff chili cook-off! Have shared the recipe. I use chopped sweet potato instead of pumpkin and half the sugar. I usually double the recipe and freeze or gift some to others. Everyone always comments on how delicious and unique it is! I've taken it to Thanksgiving get togethers and gifted it to neighbors for holidays. Winner! Yum!  This recipe is very good.  I cooked it on the stove top for about 45 minutes.  I also used canned pumpkin (3/4 of the can) and I didn't have pumpkin spice so I used allspice, cinnamon, cloves and ginger.  If you don't like your chili sweet then I would take it easy on the brown sugar. This is definitely a keeper!  Thank you! Lovely recipe.  I followed other advice and used canned pumpkin (so easy).  I used an extra can of beans, selecting great northern.  We crumbled bacon in it and had corn muffins - it was a big hit! This was a really good and hearty variation on traditional chili. I loved the arm spices as the chili powder mixed well witch the pumpkin spices.  I cooked it on the stove top and simmered for about a hour and a half. I substituted canned pumpkin and added red peppers and corn. I will definitely make again. This was amazing! I followed the recipe, but also took into consideration the tweaks others used. I sauteed a purple onion with the ground turkey. I also substituted Northern White beans . Thanks for the recipe! Have made this twice now (this month) with fresh pumpkins from the garden and we love it. The flavor is so unique. To me it tastes like chili with a hint of cinnamon. As someone who likes to try new blends of spices, I really like that this is something Different and tasty. It's excellent over cornbread by the way. Some small changes that I like - 96% lean beef instead of turkey, Hunt's mild chili starter (throw out the chili spices if you do this), a dash of minced garlic. All little things, but the original recipe is solid on its own. ((Also, yes (OBVIOUSLY!!!) if you use pumpkin puree from a can instead of diced whole pumpkin, it is going to make a huge difference in the recipe. If you put mashed potatoes into a stew instead of diced potatoes, what do you think would happen It might or might not still taste good but it's going to be a way different thing.)) I got great feedback from this recipe from multiple parties I brought it to.  People can't place the pumpkin taste but really love it. This is our house favorite! The pumpkin makes the chili rich,  especially the next day for left overs!  Last time I added a can of pigeon peas in coconut milk to the pot (Caribbean thing), Yum!!! Came out delicious :)
