Smoky Chipotle Mac and Cheese
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228431/smoky-chipotle-mac-and-cheese/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 2-quart casserole dish. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook elbow macaroni in the boiling water, stirring occasionally until cooked through but firm to the bite, 8 minutes. Drain. Stir soup, evaporated milk, Colby cheese, and chipotle chile into the cooked pasta until well combined. Spoon mixture into the prepared casserole dish. Stir together panko bread crumbs and olive oil in a small bowl. Sprinkle bread crumb mixture over the top of casserole. Bake in the preheated oven until the top is browned and the casserole is bubbling, 25 to 30 minutes.
Soooo yummy! I couldn't resist adding some green onion and bacon. I'm not sure it would have fit in my 2 qt casserole pan...I just baked it in the 5 qt pot that I boiled the pasta in. Next time I will add more chipotle since we like things spicy. A great recipe to tweak and play around with! Thank you! Made it with a few changes. It was delicious! I used 1/2 evaporated milk, 1/2 2% milk; 8 oz colby/jack cheese, 8 oz 4 state cheddar cheese; 1 1/2 peppers, but removed the seeds from the 1/2 pepper as I was afraid it might be to spicy (it wasn't), I will use 2 whole next time; added 1/8 cup cooked bacon; sprinkled cheddar cheese on top, then added panko crumbs. After baking , it was a beautiful golden brown. Next time I'm thinking of adding a few stalks of chopped spring onion. Made enough for 6 (we only ate half, yay for leftovers). I will definitely make this again. Very yummy. I substituted 1.5 tsp of hot chili powder for the adobe chili in sauce and used 2 cups of elbows instead of the 16ounces. Was very easy and good. Will make again and again. This was delectable!  I doubled the recipe for a crowd.  I also used half heavy cream and half milk instead of evaporated milk, and cheddar instead of Colby.  I think next time I will add another pepper but remove the seeds for more smoky chipotle flavor but less spicy for the kids. I followed it exactly and I felt it was bland and in need of salt. Really good after sprinkling some on top though. Pretty standard homemade mac and cheese recipe. With the quantities of the other ingredients, you could definitely add one or two more Chipotle peppers in Adobe sauce to the mix without overpowering the dish with spice. Pretty good. Excellent! Very creamy and cheesy, with a subtle, underlying Chipotle flavor. And this recipe was so amazingly easy, too! The panko breadcrumbs must not be omitted. I swear, they are what truly make this dish awesome. My only change was that I had just 8 ounces of Colby, so I used that along with 8 ounces of sharp cheddar. I do love a sharp cheese, so I'll probably make it that way there next time as well.  And there will definitely be a next time! Makes a bit more than 2qt. But that’s a good thing. VERY POPULAR at this house. Will try a version with corn and/or chopped peppers next time for a variety. But this one was a hit!  Added Cholula as we do in this house. Extra flavor without extra heat. I made it just as written.  I tripled the recipe for an office pitch in.  Everyone loved it and have now commissioned me to bring it to all future events. I made an extra pan for the fam.  All 4 kids, 11 and under and spouse loved it as well.  The smokey flavor from the Chipotle peppers made this awesome.  Thanks for sharing. Mmm
