German Twists
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228408/german-twists/
Sprinkle yeast over warm water in a bowl and let activate while you complete remaining steps. Place flour and salt into a food processor and pulse once or twice to combine. Scatter butter slices over flour and process until butter is thoroughly mixed into the flour, about 1 minute. Whisk yeast mixture, sour cream, egg, egg yolks, and vanilla extract together in a bowl; pour mixture into food processor. Pulse several times, just until the dough starts to hold together and clean the sides of the bowl (do not overmix). Remove dough from food processor and divide in half; form each half into a thick disk, wrap in plastic wrap, and refrigerate at least 2 hours. For best texture, refrigerate overnight. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Line several baking sheets with parchment paper. Sprinkle a work surface generously with sugar and roll out one of the dough disks into an 8x16-inch rectangle. Sprinkle dough with a generous amount of sugar. Fold the dough over in thirds, letter-style, and roll out again; fold as before and roll out and fold a third time, sprinkling dough with sugar each time. Finally, roll dough into a 4x14-inch rectangle, about 1/4 inch thick. Repeat process with second dough disk. Cut strips from the short side of the dough rectangles, making them 1/2 to 3/4 inch wide. Place strips onto the parchment-lined baking sheets, twisting and slightly stretching them. If preferred, form into horseshoe shapes. Bake in the preheated oven until lightly golden brown, 12 to 15 minutes. Cookies will puff up a bit to reveal delicate layers. Let cookies cool for about 5 minutes on sheets before transferring to wire cooling racks.
These have been a Christmas tradition in our family for three generations. We love to eat them while opening presents Christmas morning. We call them Angel Twists. We make vanilla sugar to use when rolling them out. Instead of my food processor, I use the dough hook on my mixer. I have also mixed these by hand. Works no matter which method I use. My mother made these for years. I had her recipe but in a recent move lost the paper.  I thought this looked like the replacement -- no, a disaster.  Previous times I've made it the batter was soft and a little sticky.  This was a hard rock so i waited for the butter to soften after overnight, and then after forming put in fridge for 15 minutes to cool down the butter.  Just a lump of sugary dough on the pan.  I'll keep on looking.... YUM! Other reviewers were correct.  This is like cross between a croissant and a sugar cookie. I followed the recipe and they turned out beautifully!  They came out of the oven just before my daughter left for work.  She tried one and said “I’m going to take two more.”  She grabbed 4! It's a fun twist (ha) on regular shortbread cookies, though I found that the dough was kind of hard to work with. Regardless they still ended up tasting good, and I'd definitely make them again. I made these a couple different times over the Thanksgiving and Christmas holidays.  They turned out great! It is a family favorite so will make again and again.Fyi, I left some dough in refrigerator for a week before making the last batch. Turned out fine! My mother made these but in a horse shoe shape when I was a kid (I'm 62 now). I love them and still make them to this day. I'm seeing some recipes putting icing/frosting on them. They truly don't need anymore sugar it would kill that delicate slightly yeast flavor. Aughh! Total fail i was so disappointed. The recioe is EXACTLY like my grandmother’s.  Yes, it has been awhile since I made these,  they were a flat, buttery sugar mess on the tray.  What  did i do wrong? I read and reread tne instruction, no distractions. Help! Oh, my gosh! - Someone else has our "secret family recipe!"  ;-) We're in the third generation of making these also.  They always disappear first at Christmas.  I've never seen this recipe in print before.  Interesting to see that several others are familiar with it also. These turned out very tasty!  They were light and flaky almost like a croissant.  Next time, I will drizzle some melted Nutella and raspberry jam instead of sugar. These were just like my grandmother made....Took me back.So delicious.
