Slow Cooker Baby Back Ribs
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228498/slow-cooker-baby-back-ribs/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Season ribs with salt and pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour 1/2 cup water into the slow cooker, then add ribs. Scatter onion and garlic over top. Cover and cook on Low for 8 hours or High for 4 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio When the ribs are almost finished, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Transfer ribs from the slow cooker to a baking sheet; discard onion and garlic. Coat ribs with barbeque sauce. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake ribs in the preheated oven until sauce caramelizes and sticks to meat, 10 to 15 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
Hey everyone! I'm the person that posted this recipe and I appreciate all the feedback (good and bad) along with what everyone did to make it their own. I read over some of the recommendations, and this is what I did to make this recipe even better. I replaced the water with Pepsi, added about a tsp of liquid smoke, and seasoned the ribs with a rub of salt, pepper, garlic powder, onion powder and brown sugar. Added the onion and garlic as stated in the recipe, and cooked them on high for just under 4 hours and followed the rest of the directions. With these changes, I love the recipe even more (though as many people have stated, it's pretty excellent as written)! I know that many people love them to 'fall off the bone', but good ribs should still have a nice bite and pull when you bite into them. Adjust the cooking time accordingly, but for my slow cooker, they are cooked perfectly between 3.5 and 4 hours. Thanks again for all the feedback!! ~Norah Simple and very tasty recipe, the best ribs that I have ever made. After reading the reviews, I replaced the water with RootBeer (I did not have any Pepsi on hand) and seasoned the ribs with a rub of salt, pepper, garlic powder, onion powder and brown sugar. Added chopped onion and garlic powder (I had no garlic cloves), cooked them on low for 8 hours, then baked as directed in the recipe. I will be making this again! What I did instead:Added worcestershire sauce to the water. Used a flavored dry rub on the ribs (McCormick Applewood rub) before cooking instead of just salt and pepper. When putting them in the oven, I broiled them on the top rack instead of baked. They tasted perfect. Will make them this way again when I next make ribs. These ribs were very tender -- better than my usual boiling method. Next time, I will use a more flavourful liquid in the slow cooker and consider either smoked salt in the rub or else liquid smoke. I will add more spice to my rub as well, as others have suggested. Finally, I will either up the temperature on the over or cook longer for more sauce caramelization, which I like. These are amazing!!! I used a dry rub (garlic powder, onion powder, cumin, paprika, brown sugar, chili powder, cayenne pepper, salt and black pepper) overnight, followed the slow cooker instructions to althe letter and made small adjustments to the oven method. 350 degrees for twenty minutes, a second layer of bbq sauce and 20 minutes more. These may be my favorite ribs ever! Awesome! I couldn't believe how easy it is to make baby back ribs. Mentioning the delicious ribs to someone they asked, "did you boil them? ... Did you grill them on low?...did you..." Dare I share that all I did was cut them in sizes to fit in crockpot (2 layers), added onion & garlic? pour in 1 cup beer, seasoned with salt/pepper, put on low for 6-8 hrs. The meat appeared to be falling off the bone!I used a metal spatula to transfer them to cookie sheet (covered in aluminum foil and nonstick spray for easy clean up). Basted bbq sauce on both sides, cook 375 for 8 min, baste again with BBQ sauce, 8 minutes in oven...>>> Done and delicious!My household ate them; including my 2 and 4 year old! Enjoy! I've made this a couple of times now and it's by far the easiest way I've found to get wonderfully tender, great tasting ribs. I rated it a 4 simply because I made some modifications. I used a BBQ rub before putting the ribs in the crockpot and use root beer instead of water. I usually use Sweet Baby Ray's BBQ sauce... Don't overcook the ribs or you'll have trouble transferring them to a cookie sheet to put them in the oven for the final step... the meat will literally fall off of the bones! I have a recipe similar to this but instead of using water, I use apple juice concentrate, the frozen kind, along with a little water added to cover the meat entirely. I also rub the ribs liberally with pork rub and make sure to remove the membrane from the bone side of the ribs. Also, before finishing them in the oven I pull the bones out of the meat so you are left with completely boneless ribs ready to be eaten with little or no mess. I finish with a spicy barbecue sauce so the sweetness of the apple juice is a nice contrast. Very good overall. Instead of apple juice concentrate I have experimented with jams and jellies as well. Plum jelly mixed with water is a great flavor for ribs. I thought that the ribs were excellent. Followed the recipe as is, except that along with the salt/pepper called for in the recipe, I added brown sugar, onion powder and garlic powder (to taste) to the rub. Poured Diet Coke into the slow cooker instead of water and cooked on high for exactly 4 hrs. Conducting a little taste test, I coated half of the ribs with Sweet Billy Ray's BBQ sauce and the other ribs with Safeway store brand BBQ sauce and baked for 20 minutes. Safeway won! The meat was tender, succulent and melted in my mouth without senselessly falling off the bone when being handled. After all, the fun in eating ribs is taking the meat off the bone with your MOUTH! I cut a rack into thirds, rub each with Montreal steak seasoning and brush w/ a teeny bit of BBQ sauce. Put in slow cooker on low for 6-8 hours. Remove and put on baking sheet slathered with BBQ sauce at 450-degrees for 30 minutes. Change to broil for 5 minutes and serve with baked potatoes I have cooked in my other show cooker on low for 4 hours. Amazing! I cooked on low for 8 hours. Meat falls off the bone. It was falling off the bone when I attempted to transfer it to a baking sheet. Wonderful. I followed a few reviewers tweaks. I marinated the ribs overnite in a blend of personal preference flavors. I used a bottle of Fat Tire Beer instead of water. I added another layer of BBQ sauce and put them back in the oven on broil for 5 mins to get that crust. Wow! just Wow! I thought these were very good. I followed recipe exactly and ribs were tender and definitely a hit. I normally use my instant pot, but I wanted to do a larger batch of ribs so tried this and I’m very glad I did. Super simple and super flavor!  I've made these at least 10 times, using whatever liquid I have on hand (apple juice, pineapple juice, or beer are favs).  Family of six, eveyone loves them and we never have leftovers. Good recipe for some tender ribs if you don't want to fire up the grill.  Tweaks:  While in the oven I sprinkled the racks with brown sugar and dolled up my barbecue sauce with honey and brown sugar and whisked together to really sweeten them up. My husband is a big fan. It was super easy to make. Actually TOO tender coming out of the slow cooker - they fell completely to pieces even before I could get them into the oven. I ended up with essentially a pile of pulled pork barbecue with bones mixed in. Did taste delicious, though.Will try braising the ribs before putting them into the slow cooker so they hopefully hold together better next time. Yum Great flavor! Ribs came out tender and easy to put this together. I decided to go 8 hours LOW SETTING in the slow cooker....then 10 minutes in the Air Fryer at 380F.  If you want crunchier, go to 15 minutes.  On spices, I used:1½ teaspoons black pepper1½ teaspoons smoked paprika2 teaspoons kosher salt1½ teaspoons garlic powder1 teaspoon mustard powderBefore Air Frying, coat with barbecue sauce of your choice.
