Pumpkin Muffins with Streusel Topping
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228562/pumpkin-muffins-with-streusel-topping/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease or line 18 muffin cups with paper liners. Combine 2 1/2 cups flour, 1/2 cup oats, pumpkin pie spice, baking soda, baking powder, and salt together in a bowl. Whisk pumpkin puree, 1 cup brown sugar, white sugar, vegetable oil, applesauce, eggs, and vanilla extract together in a separate large bowl. Stir flour mixture into pumpkin mixture; mix well. Fold in raisins. Beat 1/4 cup brown sugar with butter in a bowl until creamy and smooth. Whisk 2 tablespoons oats and 2 tablespoons flour, using a fork, into sugar-butter mixture until streusel topping is crumbly. Spoon batter into the prepared muffin cups, filling each 2/3 full. Sprinkle each muffin with streusel topping. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center of a muffin comes out clean, 25 to 35 minutes.
I’m always pleased when I’m the first reviewer of a recipe and can write an enthusiastic and positive review. I do have my criticisms of this recipe, but they’re no biggies and don’t detract from the resulting muffin at all. First, don’t bother measuring out 1-1/2 c. of the pumpkin. After doing so there was so little left in the 15 oz. can that I just used all of it. Second, I found that just 1/4 c. of raisins was skimpy – so I added another 1/4 cup. My remaining criticisms are slightly more important. As I looked over the ingredients and then the batter itself, I could see this was going to make way more than 18 muffins; and so it did. I got 24 perfectly sized and rounded muffins. The instructions to make the streusel are unconventional, so I chose to prepare it in the standard manner of mixing the flour and sugar, adding the butter until crumbly (I use a fork) and finally the oats. Because there were 24 muffins, not 18, I was short of topping and had no motivation to drag things out again to make another batch. I had enough to top 12 muffins very nicely and chose to leave the other 12 without. With or without topping, they’re lovely. They’re light and fluffy, not heavy and dense. Without streusel they’d be great with cream cheese frosting, but they’re just perfect as is. They’re gorgeous too, and just as delicious as they are pretty, not overly sweet and lightly spiced, so the pumpkin unmistakably takes center stage. Bonus: the topping actually stays put! I used chopped organic figs instead of raisins. Delicious!! I double the recipe and then freeze a bunch for breakfast for the kids for the week. I took the advice of naples34102 and the muffins came out perfect!This recipe makes 24 nice size muffins. Yummy! Freeze and warm up in the microwave on busy fall mornings. Loved these muffins from the first time I made them. I usually do half with raisins half without because not everyone likes raisins and this recipe makes close to 2 dozen. I've even frozen them and pulled them out a few weeks later and they were terrific. It's a perfect fall muffin!!! Everyone loved them had made them twice now. First time I added raisins and pecans. Second time I added walnuts and chocolate chips. They were delicious. Good muffins, I had to add another two tablespoons of flour to the streusel to make it crumbly enough. Delicious, although I did cut spice back to 3 tsp.  Four just seemed like an awful lot. I made these and everyone loved them.  Read comments from Naples 34102 below, a lot of helpful hints:)
