Pumpkin Pie Seeds
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228535/pumpkin-pie-seeds/
Place pumpkin seeds, water, and salt in a saucepan, bring to a boil, and reduce heat to medium; boil seeds for 10 minutes. Drain seeds but do not rinse. Pat seeds dry with paper towels and spread out onto a work surface or a baking sheet for 30 minutes to dry. Preheat oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil. Melt butter in a large microwave-safe bowl until melted, about 1 minute. Toss seeds in the melted butter and mix in 1 tablespoon sugar, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, cloves, and cardamom; toss again to coat seeds thoroughly with spices. Spread seeds out onto the prepared baking sheet in a single layer. Bake in the preheated oven until toasted and crunchy, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Stir several times during baking. Sprinkle toasted seeds with 1 tablespoon sugar or as desired; cool before serving.
I did not boil the seeds. I just rinsed them, let them air dry for about 20 min. then mixed them with the butter, sugar, cinnamon, ginger, ground cloves and nutmeg (didn't use cardamom) and baked. My boys LOVED them!!!! I’ve been making similar ones for years except no cardamom. I never have any. Love them. The boiling is unnecessary.  Just rinse and dry.  Seasoning is wonderful!  Don't skip the cardamom as it adds great interest.  I added pinch a salt and reduced to 1/2 tbsp sugar.  The kids and I ate them all in an hour! Really good! I didn’t bribe them, but they came out great! Did not use cardamom.  Did not cook as I already brined it over night in salt water.  Tried 250F but after 90minutes they were still a bit chewy.  I then tried 300F and that worked best.  Note: I made 5x the recipe which may have altered the cook time/temp. I made these several ways ea. different from the other. Just some different flavors to help spice up our days! Our Bodies & Minds as well! If you like them please let me know what you think or what changes you made that I can try too! Thanks! Enjoy! Can't wait to get some more ideas! Danks A Bunch! I was looking for a sweet pumpkin seed recipe. This one turned out pretty good. I could mostly only taste the cinnamon and sugar, so I was a little disappointed that the seeds didn't taste like pumpkin pie but they were still good. I probably just needed to adjust the spices and would try this again. This recipe was awesome! It was a nice twist on traditional roasted pumpkin seeds! This is good, but I am told regular pumpkin seeds with salt and old bay seasoning is better.  I did change my personal pumpkin seed recipe to boil the seeds first, let them dry, then put them in melted butter and seasoning to help it stick. I did not boil the seeds.  I just rinsed them, let them air dry for about 20 min. then mixed them with the butter, sugar, cinnamon, ginger, ground cloves and nutmeg (didn't use cardamom) and baked.  My boys LOVED them!!!!
