Laura's Maryland Crab Cakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228503/lauras-maryland-crab-cakes/
Mix egg, Worcestershire sauce, mayonnaise, parsley, seafood seasoning, baking powder, and salt together with your hands in a large mixing bowl. Tear bread into tiny bits; add to the egg mixture. Gently fold in crabmeat; form into 4 cakes and arrange onto a lined baking sheet. Refrigerate at least 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Bake crab cakes until heated through and lightly browned, about 30 minutes.
Great recipe! I needed a crab cake recipe that didn't require crackers as I didn't have any on hand, and this one worked well. For someone who has never made crab cakes before, this was quick and easy to follow. I did not have any parsley or baking powder available but they still turned out well. Thanks. Great recipe. I didn't have fresh crab, but I used Phillips brand lump crab (pricey but oh so good). I used Garlic and Herb old bay seasoning. I suggest you do NOT skip the 30 minutes in the fridge - I think this allows everything to come together.I made my cakes a bit smaller as well - 1/4 was just too big for us. We will be making these again. And again!If anyone else is using pre-packaged crab, make sure it is well drained if there is liquid in the container. The last minute, My MIL. Wanted to do 7 fishes for Christmas Eve, so I was assigned crab cakes & clam dip ... I found this recipe and everyone raved ... My husband said they were just like the ones he had down at the Harbor.  They were so good I was asked to make them for New Year's Eve ... MIL never got one at Christmas and was thrilled ... This will be made again & again ... Only change I made was that I used a medium scoop to create, see picture, because they were an appetizer I didn't like this recipe. I don't know if it was because of the type of crab I used but the texture was off and it was a tad too spicy to be considered a crab cake to me. And also not enough bread to hold them together. Plenty of flavor, but not a crab cake-ey like flavor. That's close to the original Old Bay recipe , but not quite :-) Great recipe! I needed a crab cake recipe that didn't require crackers as I didn't have any on hand, and this one worked well. For someone who has never made crab cakes before, this was quick and easy to follow. I did not have any parsley or baking powder available but they still turned out well. Thanks.
