Cajun Spiced Roasted Pumpkin Seeds
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228537/cajun-spiced-roasted-pumpkin-seeds/
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Toss pumpkin seeds with paprika, Cajun seasoning, and salt until coated. Mix Worcestershire sauce with melted butter in a small bowl, pour over seeds, and stir to to combine. Spread seeds onto a baking sheet in a single layer. Roast seeds in the preheated oven until browned and crunchy, 45 minutes to 1 hour; stir and turn seeds several times during roasting.
I followed the recipe exact only using a homemade cajun seasoning which had paprika so I omitted the additional paprika. I turned these every 10 minutes to make sure they did not burn. My seeds were done at just about 40 minutes. Very good, we all really liked these especially my oldest son. These had an excellent taste as written in the recipe.  I advise you do not skimp on the butter, it really contributed to the taste.  Also, watch your timing when checking them.  They do need to be stirred and they can get overheated (at least in my over).  It is easy to start sampling them and looking for the crunch, just don't overcook, especially with these spices! Amazing recipe!!! I used lawrys seasoned salt instead of regular salt and also added an extra dash of Worcestershire sauce! Will be making again soon good Recipe was easy peasy. I did add about 1 Tbs grated Parmesan cheese to the spice mix before pouring over the seeds. Hot out of the oven and sooo goood! made these exactly as the recipe stated.  turned every 10 minutes.  I can't stop eating them! These were great! I used almost 1 tsp. smoky paprika (all I had on hand) and didn’t change anything else.  Yum! I’ll make this again These turned out quite good. I didn't use salt because I don't like salty nuts and seeds. I also used soy sauce instead of worcestershire because I didn't have any. Soy sauce worked just fine. Easy & Wholesome,  delish! I will make these again. Followed exactly,  except my seasoning was Slap yo Mama, Cajun Spice, Thanks for sharing. These really turned out good.  Next time I'm going to sprinkle some ground red pepper on them and more cajun seasoning before baking.
