Caramelized Butternut Squash Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228638/caramelized-butternut-squash-soup/
Heat olive oil in a large pot over high heat. Cook and stir squash in hot oil until completely browned, about 10 minutes. Add onion, butter, sea salt, and white pepper; cook and stir together until onions are completely tender and beginning to brown, about 10 minutes. Pour in chicken broth and honey and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium-low and simmer until squash is tender, about 5 minutes. Pour the mixture into a blender no more than half full. Cover and hold the lid in place, then pulse a few times before leaving on to blend. Purée in batches until smooth. Stir in cream and nutmeg, then season to taste with salt and white pepper.
The interesting thing about this soup was that the taste kept changing so significantly across every step. Was very very pleasantly surprised with the flavor after adding the cream. And, indeed, add the bacon because it makes the soup!! Made this last night. Everyone loved it. I followed the directions with the exception of the pepper. Didn't have white so black pepper was what went in. Tasted great! I am going to try more nutmeg next time. What a simple soup to make.  The hardest part was skinning the butternut squash. This turned out sooo well that even my husband liked it. He's not a fan of anything squash. Really has way too much white pepper. Should be 1/4 tsp AT MOST. It came out very spicy this way. Also, most people will want less salt, probably about 2 tsp. I added pumpkin spice to it with extra cinnamon, plus some black pepper (just a pinch). I also added a Japanese sweet potato, which paired nicely with the squash. I subbed honey for maple syrup, added more than the suggested, and added extra cream. I also swapped olive oil for ghee and used about 2x the amount of butter it called for. Only used 1/2 onion. Added a touch of molasses.Overall, a good base of a recipe, but I would make the seasoning to your own liking rather than following the one provided here (unless you love the burning feeling of white pepper numbing your taste buds) Quick and delicious, way faster than some other recipes I've made in the past. Came out with great flavor. Delicious. After reading reviews, I used only 2 tsp salt and that was best.  My hubby likes texture in his soup so I used a smart stick sparingly to control purée. Heated soup again then added heavy cream. Delicious. I make this in large batches and freeze to eat throughout the year. Love it. I keep true to the recipe except hard to find fresh cracked white pepper. I just use ground white pepper. Super delicious! We ended up putting too much liquid in it but the flavor was amazing. Also I didn't have nutmeg (thought I had some oops) so I ended up using allspice and some cinnamon. I can't wait to make this again with the proper spices and less liquid. YUM! Perfect for a chilly fall day. I'll try it next time with some homemade bread and added bacon. This is my favorite go to recipe however, I make a few modification.  I don’t bother adding the cream as I want the full natural flavor of the butternut squash plus I didn’t want to add extra fat to it.  The other thing is that I don’t add that much salt and pepper, I use my judgement on that, I felt 1 Tbsp of sea salt was a bit too much, in my opinion.  Oterhwise, this is my favorite and I use chopped turkey bacon to garnish.  Yum!! Very sweet and tasty. Reduce the salt to 1 teaspoon. Instead of cream we used about 1/4 cup of milk. Perfect.
