Slow Cooker Pork and Sauerkraut
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228630/slow-cooker-pork-and-sauerkraut/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place whole pork tenderloin into a slow cooker. Arrange potatoes around pork; pour sauerkraut and juice over pork and potatoes. Add 1 cup water, butter cubes, salt, and black pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook on Low until pork is tender, 8 to 10 hours. Add more water after 8 hours if mixture seems dry. otdash Meredith Food Studio
It never ceases to amaze me how folks alter a recipe by one or more ingredients so that it's no longer the written recipe. Then they sit back and rate their own recipe! I'll tell you, this recipe is perfect just a written, and the recipe, just as written, is what I'm rating. This is delicious - 5 stars- thank you so much for sharing. I love this simple recipe. Delicious! Have put in my rotation. In addition to the potatoes I add in turnips because I love them and they blend in and add great flavor. didn't like the fact that the sauerkraut sat  and absorbed all the fat from the pork loin for all those hours.  Tasted good but greasy. I thought for sure my kids wouldn’t like this because of the sauerkraut, but the flavor is really mild and the meat is so tender and juicy that we all loved it! Definitely a keeper. Very good! The only change I made was to  slice an onion and that was the bottom layer for this - putting the pork tenderloin on top + used a 12oz can of beer IPO of the water. But, after 10 hours of cooking, when it came time to serve, the tenderloin literally fell apart. Like to shreds! This doesn’t make the dish bad! Just tricky and I ended up shredding the loin - as if it were intentional- and mixing with the sauerkraut/onion while trying to preserve the potatoes! This was served like a quasi-stew.  Overall, easy, hearty, tasty and just fun! Glad I tried! Thanks Amian! I made this as directed except cut the pork tenderloin into 2” chunks, layered the chunks in the slow cooker with onion and garlic powder, black pepper and salt. Then topped with pats of butter and poured the sauerkraut over all. I left out the potatoes so it was a very low-carb meal. Served it with creamy cucumbers and a sautéed vegetable frittata. It was a hit! I always salt and pepper, and sear my pork w/garlic infused oil before I put it in the crock-pot. For this recipe, I used boneless pork chops, added the juices from the searing, and an entire 32 oz jar of sauerkraut because we love it! I didn't add the potatoes or the butter. I cooked it on slow for 10 hours but it was done much sooner. Pork was very tender. I cooked mashed potatoes on the side.This is a traditional New Year's Day meal for our family. THIS is simple good "FOOD".
