Pumpkin Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228740/pumpkin-oatmeal-chocolate-chip-cookies/
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Beat brown sugar, butter, and white sugar together in a bowl until creamy. Add pumpkin, egg, and vanilla extract; beat until smooth. Whisk flour, oats, cinnamon, baking soda, baking powder, and salt together in a separate bowl; stir into butter mixture until combined. Fold in chocolate chips. Drop 1 to 2 tablespoonfuls dough onto baking sheets spaced 2 inches apart. Bake in the preheated oven until edges are lightly browned, 10 to 12 minutes.
I made some healthy substitutions and it was still really good! Instead of butter I used 1 cup coconut oil and 1/2 cup earth balance buttery spread. I removed 1 cup of brown sugar all together. I replaced 2 of the cups of flour with 1 cup golden flax meal and one cup almond flour. They are delcious and still plenty sweet with all those chocolate chips. An excellent cookie. Definitely lean toward the 12 minute baking time. All that moisture from the pumpkin take a bit longer to cook. I have Celiac disease so I substituted gluten-free flour and they are excellent! I just made these, wonderful! I added white and dark chocolate chips, then chopped pecans. These are wonderful, and chef approved.  Made these on Easter, my daughter took some to an Easter dinner party, they were a huge hit! One of the guests at the party was a chef. He said they were absolutely wonderful they stay soft and chewy.  The only difference is I added pumpkin spice latte morsels instead of chocolate chips.  This is a favorite among many!! I hate to rate recipes that I didn't follow exactly, but looking at this I could tell that 3 cups of sugar would be way too much. Also, I needed these to be egg free so didn't add the egg. I swapped one half cup butter for 4 oz applesauce to make it slightly healthier. Lastly, I mega increased the spices, about 1 tbsp cinnamon and 2 tsp of pumpkin pie spice. These taste well seasoned, as is they would have been bland. With my changes I will be making this often, with such a large batch I froze half of the dough balls. I like using a whole can of pumpkin, these seem like they are adaptable for changing the chocolate chips, different spices, etc. Beautiful cookie The best pumpkin cookies I have ever made!!I only changed a few things. I added a cup of pecans and 2 teaspoons of pumpkin spice. Everyone gobbled these up so fast!! This recipe yielded about 3 dozen very large, delicious, satisfying cookies. Amazing recipe!
