Quick Beef Stir-Fry
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228823/quick-beef-stir-fry/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat vegetable oil in a large wok or skillet over medium-high heat; cook and stir beef until browned, 3 to 4 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Move beef to the side of the wok and add broccoli, bell pepper, carrots, green onion, and garlic to the center of the wok. Cook and stir vegetables for 2 minutes. Stir beef into vegetables and season with soy sauce and sesame seeds. Continue to cook and stir until vegetables are tender, about 2 more minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO
I think it's a great starter recipe! I did not have any broccoli and I used a different cut of meat. Since the last reviewer said it needed a little something I added a tsp of ginger and a bit of salt and pepper to the meat in the beginning. Then I replaced the broccoli with green bell peppers. It was a hit! Even the baby loved it :) Missing all the flavor. Recommend adding a sweetener (mirin, brown sugar, maple syrup), some ginger, and maybe Sriracha. Definitely season the meat with salt and pepper at a bare minimum. Seasame oil has better flavor than vegetable. I marinated the meat for a couple if hrs. I added bean sprouts and water chestnuts, served on a bed of rice. It was delicious, I'd make it again I seasoned the beef with a little garlic powder and season salt and that made it extra tasty. I also added a little terriaki sauce once everything was done cooking. Definitely will be cooking again Made it with some of the changes recommended by others. Added some garlic and Herb seasoning to the beef in the fridge for a few hours before cooking. Added some rice wine and extra veggies. Will definitely make again. I just made this. It turned out great! I made this for 6 people, but there were only 4 of us. We ate it all, lol.I had peppers, napa cabbage, carrots and onions; they worked well. I used sliced ribeye. I added some red pepper flakes to it, for a little spicy bite. I'm going to try it again with chicken and asparagus. The homemade teriyaki sauce is very good. I boosted the ginger because I'm fond of that flavor. About twice as much as the recipe called for. I added fresh sliced mushrooms and quartered lengthwise the smallest of the baby carrots. This made for more colorful stir fry. Add the carrots at the beginning of cooking the veggies and the mushrooms last. I love stir fries as they come together very quickly. This is a fantastic recipe! I used this as a base recipe for beef stir fry (sorry, but I did make some alterations for my taste). I used sirloin tip sliced thin and across the grain, onions, minced garlic, fresh ginger, yellow bell pepper and broccoli. I seasoned the beef with garlic salt and then cooked the beef first, in small batches and set aside. Then I used sesame oil to cook the veggies. Added meat back to the skillet and added soy sauce and oyster sauce to taste (about 1/8 cup of each). Served with white jasmine rice. This came out great! I can't wait to eat the leftovers for lunch. I'm really glad I tried this and will be making it again. I used London Broil and added water chestnuts. I always use frozen broccoli for stirfries because fresh doesn't get done to the degree I like it with a short cooking time. I doubled the amount of soy sauce and added about a half teaspoon ground ginger. Everyone liked it, from those who like mild dishes to thise who like spicy. We ate it with noodles. I'm making it again this week! Turned out great but I upgraded the meat to flank steak and just seared it for a few seconds after the veggies were cooked so that it didn't get overcooked. Also used more soy sauce. Did increase ingredients as at last minute invited neighbors in for supper. Did add sugar snap beans. Added rice wine vinegar, sesame oil, ginger and sesame oil to Bragg's Liquid Aminos ( as I don't use soy sauce. Better for you and the taste is similar)I wish it made more sauce. It was easy and tasty. Will make again. About the blandest meal I've ever cooked. Next time I would use some Oyster sauce and add some crunchy garlic chili sauce to add flavor. It was a bit bland, I did add salt and pepper to the meat but next time  I will be using stir fry sauce and maybe some ginger. Awesome my first time making stir fry came out deliciously I think this recipe was great! I made everything according to the recipe just instead of soy sauce used the Buffalo Wild Wings Asian sauce.  This sure brings some heat but also the flavor. Even my none-spicy eater ate some. Thanks for posting this. What I didn’t like was, the beginning stated “cook the beef on one side… and the veggies on the other…” but the directions stated to cook the beef first, then add the veggies. This was very confusing after completing the first way only to find out the meat should have been cooking first. It still turned out well, but the cooking directions need some clarifying. I added freshly ground black pepper, sea salt, & hot paprika to the beef about an hour before cooking.Per someone’s suggestion, I added mirin after I cooked the beef but before the veggies were half done.I thickened the sauce a bit with a Worcestershire sauce & corn starch. I added a few things hoisin sauce and a small amount of Worcestershire sauce.  It was good
