Slow Cooker French Onion Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228859/slow-cooker-french-onion-soup/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat butter in a large, heavy pot over medium-high heat. Add onions; cook and stir until translucent, about 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Sprinkle onions with sugar; reduce heat to medium. Cook, stirring constantly, until onions are soft and caramelized, at least 30 minutes. Stir in garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir sherry into onion mixture; scrape the bottom to dissolve the small bits of browned food. otdash Meredith Food Studio Transfer onions into a slow cooker and pour in beef broth. Season with sea salt; stir in thyme and bay leaf. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cover and cook on Low for 8 to 10 hours or on High for 4 to 6 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven broiler about 10 minutes before serving. Set an oven rack about 8 inches from the heat source. Arrange bread slices on a baking sheet; broil until toasted, 1 to 2 minutes per side. otdash Meredith Food Studio Lightly toss Gruyere, Emmental, Parmesan, and mozzarella cheeses in a bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Fill oven-safe soup crocks 3/4 full with onion soup and float a bread slice in each bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Top each with about 2 tablespoons cheese mixture. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place filled bowls onto a baking sheet and broil until cheese topping is lightly browned and bubbling, about 2 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I give this recipe 4 starts simply due to the prep work this particular one entails. The soup tasted amazing! However, for ease of cooking, here are my tweaks: First, I sliced the onions, and tossed them in the butter which I melted, and placed them in the crock pot on low on their own to caramelize over night, 10-12 hours. I used salted butter, so I omitted the salt. I also omitted the sugar since they were caramelizing this way. SUPER EASY. The next morning, when the onions were good to go, I threw in the other cooking ingredients to cook for the day. I had no cooking sherry, so I used a 1/2 cup of dry red wine my husband opened the night before. I am a firm believer that if you don't drink it you shouldn't cook with it. And I had 2 quarts of beef stock, so I used that all up. No sense wasting a cup. When it came to the cheese, we used what we like, so that is personal taste not tweaking. I did find, however, that I needed to add a bit of salt and pepper to taste at the end just before serving, so make sure you taste it to ensure it is to your liking. But allowing the onions to cook and caramelize themselves cut the prep work down to the bare minimum of slicing the onions, measuring the ingredients, and getting the bread and cheese ready at the end. About 20 minutes total. You just need to start it the day before, which was worth it to me if it meant not standing over a stove for an hour. Family loved it, warms well for leftovers, which wasn't too much. Will make again! wow! My only change was to use brown sugar instead of white. Then everything went into the slow cooker overnight. Tghis is so much better than another one i tried here. Excellent! I’ve made this recipe a number of times and it is always great! I put the onions and butter ( no sugar needed) in the crockpot and cook overnight on low to carmelize. The next morning I proceed with the recipe as written. The one substitution I always make though is to use croutons instead of the French bread slices. They are already toasted, taste great smothered in the cheese and are so much easier to eat than trying to chop your way through a slice of bread with a spoon. I followed other suggestions and sliced onions thin, stirred them into the crockpot with melted butter and cooked on low overnight, adding remaining ingredients in the morning. I used a Gruyère, Swiss cheese blend, with crostini. Made this and including the tips of adding fresh thyme, bay leaves and more than a little splash of white wine. Used store bought beef broth. It was delish. The longest prep was probably slicing the onions. I slow cooked butter and onions for 8 hours. Added broth & rest of ingredients for another 5 hours. Added 2 cubes of frozen chopped garlic. Used Trader Joe's preshredded cheeses (Quattro and Gruyere). Used store bought croutons because toasting the bread and cheese took too long (everyone was hungry). Served it with 1/2 cup of cheese and croutons and it was delish! Thank you for posting this easy weekday recipe! This recipe as written is as good as I’ve ever had and better than most. Take your time and enjoy. Made this March 2023 (Rich and Danielle). Next time leave the cheese in think slices and layer on/around top of bowl. Shredded tended to sink into the soup too much. Possibly I didn't fill the bowls high-enough to hold the bread and cheese to the top. Best French Onion Soup recipe that I have found.  Thank you! I followed the recipe exactly including caramelizing the onions on the stove top and it was fantastic! I would add fresh thyme or more dried thyme next time. This recipe is restaurant quality!
