Maple Roasted Brussels Sprouts with Bacon
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228875/maple-roasted-brussels-sprouts-with-bacon/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a rimmed baking sheet with aluminum foil. otdash Meredith Food Studio Trim ends off Brussels sprouts and cut any large ones in half. Transfer to a large bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add bacon, salt, and pepper to the Brussels spouts. Drizzle olive oil and maple syrup over top and toss until sprouts are well coated. otdash Meredith Food Studio Transfer to the prepared baking sheet and spread in a single layer. otdash Meredith Food Studio Roast in the preheated oven until bacon is crispy and Brussels sprouts are caramelized, 20 to 30 minutes, stirring halfway through. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve warm and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
I have made this a handful of times and it's always been a big hit. I do make a few adjustments though; first I pre-cook the bacon until it's about half done, I don't like mushy sprouts and that's what you get in order for the bacon to crisp up. Next I pour the bacon, any grease from the pre-cooking, the syrup, sprouts and s&p in a bowl and mix it all up, then I add just enough olive oil to coat usually only a couple of tablespoons is needed. I definitely line my baking sheet with foil because the syrup really gets sticky and I cook at 400 for only about 20 minutes. These small adjustments make it perfect every single time. pretty good, even though I still don't like brussels sprouts. Love the base. I recommend 1.5x the bacon, syrup and salt to really jazz up the flavor. This was great! I didn't like brussel sprouts until I made them like this. My husband was the first one to make this dish as a surprise for my birthday-and he doesn’t cook! We both totally fell in love with them. We have them on a regular basis now! I have turned brussel sprout haters into brussel sprout lovers that want the recipe! I've made this a few times for family mealtime and when entertaining friends too - always a hit!  Can't go wrong with bacon and maple flavors.  Thanks for great recipe. OMGOSH, DELISH.  So easy so yummy.  The only thing I added were chopped onions that went in with the bacon to precook, while I cut the sprouts.  This is my first time using this recipe.  I like my sprouts a little crispier, so next time I'll blast a bit with broiler.  But all in all, ooooh lala, so good! I love this recipe!
