California Roll
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228953/california-roll/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Wrap a sushi rolling mat completely in plastic wrap and set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bring water and rice to a boil in a saucepan over high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until rice is tender and liquid has been absorbed, 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer rice to a bowl and cut in vinegar using a rice paddle or wooden spoon. Season with sugar and salt. Allow to cool to room temperature, about 30 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine crab meat with mayonnaise in a small bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place nori sheet on a flat work surface. Spread a thin layer of rice on top of nori. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place nori, rice side down, on the prepared rolling mat. Place 2 to 3 avocado slices on top of the nori in one layer. otdash Meredith Food Studio Top with 2 to 3 tablespoons of the crab mixture. otdash Meredith Food Studio Spoon 1 to 2 teaspoons tobiko lengthwise on one side of the avocado-crab mixture, and 2 cucumber strips on the other side. otdash Meredith Food Studio Using the mat as a guide, carefully roll the California roll into a tight log. Remove the rolling mat. Top roll with more tobiko, cover with plastic wrap, and gently press the tobiko into the top of the roll. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove the plastic and cut into 6 even pieces using a wet knife. Repeat with remaining sheets of nori and filling. Serve garnished with pickled ginger, soy sauce, and wasabi paste. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I did this, but I changed and added some things!Instead of rice vinegar I used Balsamic vinegar and mixed in sugar and salt.Than instead of mayonnaise, I used cream cheese (which is what most California Sushi Rolls use) cut into cubes placed on top of the Nori sheets along side the crab and avocado. I do not use the red caviar, cucumber, or the drained pickled ginger.My version come out really good! The rice kinda of had a dark tint to it because of the sauce. good Califnia roll As an Asian, I do equal parts water as rice. This is so delicious Husband says it tastes like the real thing. I omitted the mayonnaise and salt otherwise followed the recipe.  We made 5 rolls/40 pieces. Will make again. I added a tsp of sesame oil to the rice.Cook a bit longer if rice is still damp. As expected.....video helped. Me and my daughter made california rolls and we added additional ingredients.  Like Saracha mayo,eel sauce, and French fried onions.  This came out just like the dragon rolls that we buy at the store, except that we added a little more eel sauce. easy with all different variations, butterflied shrimp, fresh salmon... yum! this is fantastic made it just as instructed wouldn't change a thing except for maybe adding cream cheese with the crab instead it was truly wonderful! the caviar was expensive but worth it!!
