Parchment Baked Salmon
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/229032/parchment-baked-salmon/
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Move an oven rack to the lowest position. Place salmon fillet, skin-side down, in the middle of a large piece of parchment paper; season with salt and black pepper. Cut two 3-inch slits into fillet with a sharp knife. Stuff chopped basil leaves into the slits. Spray fillet with cooking spray and arrange lemon slices on top. Fold the edges of parchment paper over fillet several times to seal it into an airtight packet. Place sealed packet onto a baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven on the bottom rack until salmon flakes easily and flesh is pink and opaque with an interior of slightly darker pink color, about 25 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of fillet should read at least 145 degrees F (65 degrees C). To serve, cut open the parchment paper and remove lemon slices before plating.
Don't be afraid to bake salmon in parchment. It's a great method for keeping your expensive fish from drying out if it's a minute or two too long in the oven. The hardest thing to do is to judge when it's done, due to the variations in size of filets. Mine were a little more than 1 inch thick in the largest part, and alas, 20 minutes was a tad too long. They were still edible, and we enjoyed the combination of flavors. Thanks for the idea! Besides the basil in the slits I added green onion and garlic !  AWESOME !!! Easy, quick and delicious Great flavor! Yum!  didn’t change a thing. Will make again I will never cook Salmon any other way again. I stuffed mine with fresh dill instead of basil. 425 degrees for 15 min at the most!!! This is my wife and my favorite fish recipe. We always make this with vegetables from our garden. We use fresh cilantro, parsley, basil, and plenty of butter and lemon with garlic. We also put thin sliced jalapeño on it.I cook it on the lower oven rack and check it every 10 minutes. Just cook it until the safe cooking temperature and then you will find that it turns out fantastic! With four servings, a little over .75 lb each, the recipe worked perfectly. 25 minutes: firm, moist, delicious. No fishy kitchen. Only thing I changed was brush-on olive oil ‘cause I had no spray.Now I see how well this works, next time -  one big piece of salmon. Still too dry and this was my second attempt. I’ll take Damon’s advice next time. I did reduce the time by one minute, but it was not enough.
