Baked Hawaiian Sandwiches
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/229038/baked-hawaiian-sandwiches/
Place a rack into lower half of the oven and preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Arrange bottom halves of Hawaiian rolls on a baking sheet. Place a half slice each of ham, Swiss cheese, smoked turkey, and provolone cheese onto each roll bottom. Place top halves onto each bottom to make sandwiches. otdash Meredith Food Studio Melt butter in a saucepan over low heat; stir in sugar, dried onion flakes, poppy seeds, and honey mustard until mixture is smooth and sugar has dissolved, about 2 minutes; brush over the tops of each sandwich. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake sandwiches on the preheated oven's lower rack until tops are golden brown and fillings are hot, about 15 minutes.
This is an amazing recipe. I always make 3 packages at one time. Some of you have mentioned your sandwiches burning on the bottom. I always bake mine at 350° and I put them back into their cardboard/cardstock container before baking. Then I place the container directly on a baking sheet or foil lined baking sheet to reduce clean up time. They have never burned. I just bake until the cheese is melted. I do not like Swiss cheese so we always make 1 ham and provolone, 1 turkey and provolone, and 1 roast beef and muenster. I try and make enough sauce to spoon a tablespoon of sauce on each mini sandwich. I make sure and slice before saucing...so that all the goodness runs down between each roll. Everyone always asks for the recipe...and I always say...I'm sworn to secrecy. For enough sauce for 3 packages of 12 rolls I use2 sticks of butter1/2 cup sugar3 Tbs mustard3 Tbs poppy seeds3 Tbs minced onionsYou can put the sandwiches back in their packaging and freeze if you wish to make some ahead of time. Just thaw them out in the fridge the day before. Make it! It's awesome! These were fantastic! I loved the way the bottoms got crispy and the way the sauce pooled down the sides and made a skirt. You can bet I pulled that up from the pan and put it on the sandwiches too. I used Vermont sharp white cheddar and I only had a little turkey, so some sliders were ham and cheese only. I made honey mustard by using half honey and half dijon mustard. The ones without turkey were as good, if not better, than the ones with it. Without even meaning to, I ate 3 of these, and I could have easily eaten a 4th one, they were that good. For such little effort, the payoff on these was huge. Thanks! I've been making these for years! I would bake them uncovered and for less time. Did not take 15 minutes to bake the sandwiches.  This is a delicious recipe!  Much tastier than the one I have used for years! No. They are delicious. Family loved them. I made this for a game night w/ friends.  They dissappeared in just a few minutes.  Everyone loved them and asked for them again. Have made these over and over again .  Easy and very tasty. A crowd favorite!  Easy and delicious.  I only baked for 12 minutes.  I did not have poppy seeds and did not miss them.
