Easy Apple Crisp with Oat Topping
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/229088/apple-crisp-with-oat-topping/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Toss apples with white sugar and ½ teaspoon cinnamon in a medium bowl to coat; pour into a 9-inch square baking dish. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix brown sugar, oats, flour, and 1 teaspoon cinnamon in a separate bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cut in cold butter with two knives or a pastry blender until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. otdash Meredith Food Studio Spread over apples and pat down gently until even. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown and sides are bubbling, about 40 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
I used Granny Smith apples in this apple crisp recipe. I actually made this apple crisp in my cast iron skillet instead of a 9-inch square baking dish. While the oven was preheating, I melted a few tablespoons of butter in the skillet, then layered the apple mixture over the melted butter, then sprinkled the topping over the apple mixture. My apple crisp looked like something you'd see on the cover of a fancy magazine and the flavor took me back to when I was little and eating my Grandma's apple crisp. VERY good and for me, very soul-soothing dish. Super easy and very tasty! Worth the try! I put a little less flour and I don't press the topping down for a more crispy crumple Fantastic, easy and beautiful ❤️ makes you a star! I missed the brown sugar, I mean I forgot to add the brown sugar. It is currently baking...16 minutes on the times. Oh my:( We spent the day at a nearby apple farm and picked 5 different varieties. The oat crisp on top married with the flavour of the various apples took this recipe to the next level. I add in a big handful of pecans that I crush up, and sometimes sprinkle on some nutmeg. A little much butter is always okay too. Also, I make it in a rectangle dish 8x11.5 inches, with extra apples.
