Pumpkin Cookies with Cream Cheese Frosting (The World's Best!)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/229108/pumpkin-cookies-with-cream-cheese-frosting-the-worlds-best/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease two baking sheets. To make the cookies: Whisk flour, baking powder, cinnamon, baking soda, nutmeg, and ginger together in a bowl. Beat butter, both sugars, egg, and vanilla with an electric mixer in a separate large bowl until smooth. Beat in pumpkin puree. Gradually stir dry ingredients into pumpkin mixture until combined; batter will be moist. Drop teaspoonfuls of batter about 2 inches apart onto the prepared baking sheets. Bake in the preheated oven until cookies are lightly browned, 10 to 12 minutes, switching racks halfway through. Remove from the oven and let cool on the sheets for 5 minutes. Transfer cookies to a wire rack and cool completely, about 25 minutes. While the cookies are cooling, make the frosting: Beat cream cheese, butter, and vanilla in a bowl with an electric mixer until soft and creamy. Beat in powdered sugar, about 1/2 cup at a time, until frosting is smooth and spreadable. Spread frosting over cooled cookies.
[My first time posting a review. I posted a photo, too.]I made these last night for a church carry-in dinner. They must have looked appetizing, because I didn't have any to bring home!I made them according to the directions using my 2 Tbs Pampered Chef cookie scoop, and got 53 cookies (12 to a sheet). I made 26 cookie sandwiches with the frosting. See my photo. Kind of boring, I'm afraid. The cookies are a pretty bland vehicle for frosting. Didn't taste like pumpkin, didn't taste like spice (even though I upped the spice)...just kind of a tasteless bread. Very disappointed. Very moist cookie. Flavor was good and frosting very good but too soft of a cookie for my liking. Prefer some crunch. They also stuck together and to the lid of container. I make these every year for thanksgiving and everyone raves about them. I always use fresh pumpkin purée and it makes all the difference. Add some allspice and cloves and make cookie sandwiches with the cream cheese frosting in the middle! My company loved them. Ate all I had. I made triple this frosting to base-ice a 2 cake mix  cake (red velvet).It is creamy and delicious!I definitely recommend! Just what I was hoping for-as good as my local well liked bakery ones.To be sure these wouldn’t be too wet I got some liquid out by putting the pumpkin purée in a dish lined with paper towels to drain for a few minutes. I also doubled the spices listed and added 1/4 tsp ground cloves. I chose to make the frosting  just as in the recipe. It’s Devine! I don’t ice the cookie until I am ready to eat or serve the cookie.  I keep the frosting in a jar. This cookie is the "World's Best"! The balance of flavors is what I look for in any recipe and these are perfect! My family loves pecans so I loaded them with chopped pecans and some in the icing as well. Wonderful for anytime of year! I love how much pumpkin there is! A true pumpkin flavored cookie with real pumpkin! Thank you for this recipe!(I smooshed mine down with a plate while they were cooling because I like a flat cookie) Turned out great.  Got my son to eat pumpkin when he doesn't even like pumpkin pie.  I did turn them into sandwich cookies though.
