Grilled Veggie Skewers
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/229166/grilled-veggie-skewers/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat a grill for medium heat and lightly oil the grate. Alternately thread pineapple chunks, zucchini slices, yellow squash slices, mushrooms, onion chunks, tomatoes, and bell pepper chunks onto skewers. otdash Meredith Food Studio Whisk olive oil, basil, oregano, salt, and black pepper in a bowl; brush some of the mixture over vegetables. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook skewers on the preheated grill until vegetables are tender, turning and basting vegetables with remaining olive oil mixture occasionally, 10 to 15 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
Very good and good for you too! It's hard to get my husband to eat veggies, but when they're grilled he really enjoys them. I opted to add some fresh garlic and a couple of splashes of lemon juice. I also opted out of adding the pinepple as I wasn't sure how that would taste with basil and oregano. Great accompaniment to grilled chicken! Great recipe. I used robust Italian dressing/marinade and the kabobs turned out amazing. Added a little garlic and balsamic vinegar as suggested in some of the comments. It was absolutely delicious and a huge hit. The recipe shows bamboo skewers but the video has metal skewers being used which withstand more heat than the bamboo….make sure the bamboo is well soaked before using or there will be flaming skewers involved. This is my go to recipe for grilled veggie skewers. I  marinate the veggies a little bit before grilling and then skewered each on their own skewer, not sure if that makes any different. They turn out very good and they get eaten. This was so good! Instead of grilling them, I did them on a baking sheet in the oven at 350, flipping them half way through, then flipped them again and finished them by broiling for 3 minutes. My daughter in law even asked for the recipe because she liked it so much. And after she tried it herself, she said doing them in the oven was a game changer from the skewers they’ve grilled before. this is my go-to marinade recipe for veggie kabobs either on the grill or in the air fryer... it's super easy and delicious! I made these skewers with my dad on a Sunday grill out and they were spectacular! I tweaked and added some of my own twists to it though. Taking heed to the other reviews, I added garlic and balsamic vinegar. In addition to that, I added pineapple juice to the sauce as well! Canned pineapple works as a fine substitute by the way. Everyone at the table ate at least two skewers, including my picky little brothers. I deducted a star because even though this recipe was good, it was better with the input of other reviews. Easy peasy.....best way to get kids to eat anything is to put it on a stick!  Perfect combo of flavors for the grown folk, too.  This will be a summer staple. Huge hit with the husband.  I'm not a big cooked veggie eater, but even I found them to be pretty good! Followed a couple other reviews, only as far as tossing the veggies in the marinade prior to grilling.  Very pretty and turned out great!
