Halloween Ghosties
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/229106/halloween-ghosties/
Place chocolate chips into a microwave-safe bowl and heat on low in microwave for 1 minute; stir. Continue heating on low several more times, 30 seconds at a time, stirring after each time, until white chocolate is warm and smooth. Use 2 forks to dip cookies into white chocolate; set cookies on sheets of waxed paper. Place 2 miniature chocolate chips onto one end of each cookie for eyes; set cookies aside until coating has hardened, about 20 minutes.
I made these when I used to do daycare. The cookie the recipe is referring to is Nutter Butters. The white chocolate or chips with cocoa butter melts and tastes best. I have never quite melted white chocolate as long as directed, though, but keep an eye on it because it burns quicker than other chocolates. I also add a tsp. of vegetable oil, or so after it is melted, to help with coating. Then, refridgerate the finished cookies to harden. The kids really liked these. Loved the basic idea but used white chocolate bark instead of chips, spreads easier. Everyone thought they were so cute! I made this recipe, and it turned out very good. I used nutter butters. I might melt a little bit more white chocolate next time to make it easier to coat the cookies but they were awesome. Easy Super cute and easy to do.  The kids will love them!  I took others' advice and added a little shortening to the chips when I melted them and I believe it helped the dipping and coating.  For the last few I had to spoon white chocolate over them and smooth with a spatula as there wasn't enough to dip any longer.  But - fast and easy project that will bring smiles. these are pretty cute!I made them for my halloween party. loved it! My friends also loved it I loved it mostly because of it's simplicity.  It is difficult to dip with such a thick base (which gives it a super-rich taste) so I would be tempted to add a little thinner to the chocolate next time.  I also wondered if strictly oval cookies would work as well since the indentations from the hour glass cookies get covered by the chocolate anyway (particularly if peanut butter is not your thing).  I will make it again with those changes. A very cute and easy treat!  Fun to make and good to eat. Have used this method for snowmen, ghosts, reindeer (break a couple pretzels and press into coating - red mini candy for nose) and it's always a hit. I also use about 1 T. shortening in the white coating, and I use a shish kabob or skewer to dip. That helps with any filled cookie - slide into the filling and dip for better coverage of the coating. others liked the lady fingers... I didn't ..found them very plain.  may like a different type of cookie
