Salted Caramel Sauce
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/229272/salted-caramel-sauce/
Place sugar in a heavy-bottomed saucepan set over medium-high heat, stirring continuously until sugar begins to melt. Continue stirring until sugar melts completely, begins to darken, and all chunks are dissolved, about 10 minutes. Stop stirring; continue to cook until sugar begins to smoke and turns a dark shade of amber, 3 to 8 minutes. Remove from heat and wait 30 seconds. Whisk in butter until melted and combined. Slowly pour in 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon cream, taking care because it can bubble over. Sprinkle in salt; stir to combine. Transfer sauce to a jar; cool completely before refrigerating.
Very nice caramel sauce, but a word of caution. Once you stop stirring, don't walk away from the stove, watch it VERY closely because mine turned dark amber within 30-45 seconds. Also, do use a larger pan (as Chef John recommends in his video) because when it starts to bubble, it climbs up the saucepan. I could tell from the smell of the smoke that it was well on its way to burning...but it didn't, thankfully. Will thicken up after refrigeration, giving you a beautiful, rich, and decadent caramel sauce. New to caramel sauce making…1st attempt, stove was too hot, sugar darkened quickly before crystal lumps had dissolved. Tried to resuscitate by adding more cream, more butter. Epic fail. Attempt #2, turned heat to medium (vs med-hi) and struggled to get the sugar melting. Slowly increased heat until I found a temperature that would melt the last of the crystal lumps while not darkening the liquid too much. Oddly, at this lower heat, the butter struggled to incorporate. After whisking for some time, finally mixture was ready for cream. Slowly added while whisking until fully incorporated. Poured into glass jars to cool almost immediately. For a simple recipe with very few ingredients, there is a lot of variables that can go askew. Tasty, but slightly bitter. Next time I would try a different recipe or more likely, probably just purchase premade. I've made it several times, but when I make it, I also add some unsweetened chocolate, it gives you the best of both worlds, salted caramel flavor along with a chocolate fudge taste, perfect for people who think commercial ice creams are just too darn sweet now-a-days. I've made this several times now.  I really like it except that I don't let it get as dark as Chef likes it.  I might have an unsophisticated palette.  But here it is, the first day of Fall, so I had to make salted caramel sauce.  I even put it in my coffee.  :) it tassted good on my vanilla ice cream This sauce is a staple in my house. Great as written. I usually add two tablespoons of butter for the consistency. I always make extra and add chocolate or bourbon to the second half, just to mix it up. This sauce definitely has a deep and complex flavor, and it's really good, but it's not the super sweet caramel sauce you might be used to having on your ice cream. It's not what I was looking for -- although I sure won't waste it! I honestly had a hard time with this recipe. The first try, I halved it, but medium high temp ended up burning my caramel. Second attempt, halving the recipe again, worked pretty well, but half of it ended up becoming hard caramel. I don’t have it in me for a third try, so I guess I will just have to drizzle the non-hardened caramel on the top of my cupcakes instead of filling them with caramel. A disappointment since chef john’s recipes are normally awesome! AMAZINGLY GOOD!!! It IS one of those recipes that makes you nervous at first.  Cook until it starts to smoke??!! Yep, just do it.  My family requests this so regularly it has become a staple in the fridge.  Though it's great over ice cream, my grown daughter has been seen eating it straight from a spoon, first thing in the morning! There's not a thing I would change about this recipe.  Thank you for a fantastic recipe! Sheer perfection!! I used two pinches of salt. This recipe is great. I didn't listen to the warning to keep stirring but was able to recover (barely). Please keep stirring.
