Apple and Pear Crumble
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/229252/apple-and-pear-crumble/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). llrecipes/Qi A Mix oats, 3/4 cup brown sugar, flour, and butter together in a bowl until crumbly. llrecipes/Qi A Mix pears, apples, remaining 3/4 cup brown sugar, and cinnamon together in a separate bowl; spread into the bottom of a 9x9-inch glass pan. llrecipes/Qi A Sprinkle oat mixture atop apple-pear mixture; top with almonds. llrecipes/Qi A Bake in the preheated oven until the top is golden brown, about 40 minutes. llrecipes/Qi A
Just made this and loved it! The only thing I did differently was omit the brown sugar in the apple pear mixture. I thought that the 3//4 of a up of brown sugar in the topping mixture was plenty. It was. I added sea salt caramel and butterscotch chipits to the crumble. So delicious Great recipe, easy to follow. I love the flavours and easily made this with my 4 year old. I also reduced the sugar. I went with half a cup on each. I also added 1/2 tsp of mixed spice just because I love the flavours and I also added 1/2 cup of desicated coconut to the crumble. To account for the extra dry ingredients I added another  1 tbsp of butter. I didnt have sliced almonds so I threw a handfull of regular roasted almonds in a ziplock bag and crushed them up and sprinkled on top before putting in the oven for a bit of extra crunch. This dessert is delicious. The smell of apples, pears and cinnamon are the definition of the fall season. The textural variety from the almonds and the oats is so pleasant. The sugar level of the recipe is just right so it turned out not overly sweet at all. Vanilla ice-cream truly is the perfect pairing with the crumble. Now we know what we’re going to make after the next apple picking. Either more fruit or less crumble and fewer almonds for us.  Also, many reviewers felt this was too sweet and although I was tempted to cut the sugar back, I wanted to stay true to the recipe this first time through.  However, I agree; although it’s delicious, it’s really too sweet for our tastes.  First time I’ve made a dessert with a combo of pears and apples, and I must say that I liked it. Quick and easy, followed advice of other reviews and cut sugar back to 1/2 cup in fruit & topping. Made this this evening but used less than half the sugar suggested which is why it has 4 rather than 5 stars.I used wholemeal floor as well.There is a cup and a half of sugar in this. You really don’t need it. I put about half a cup of sugar into the crumble and about 1/8 of a cup in with the fruit. It was tasty and delicious. Also cooked it in a combi microwave + grill for 14 minutes and so saved power. Served with Greek yoghurt. A substantial and fairly healthy pudding. I made it with 4 cups of apples instead and it was super super delicious! I brought it to our friends' dinner and served with vanilla ice cream and everyone said it was the perfect desert. I have added maybe a teaspoon of cornstarch in the filling because some apples are very watering, and it turned perfect. It will be my to go desert from now on. It's cheap and super easy to make with pantry ingredients. Takes 10 min to put it all together. So easy and delicious! I made half a recipe, using 1 Asian pear and 1 apple and walnuts instead of almonds as those were the ingredients on hand.  Cut sugar to 1/4 cup in both the filling and topping, baked in 4 ramekins. Got rave reviews served to a friend. Looking forward to the leftovers for breakfast! Reduced the sugar to 1/2c in topping, none in fruit, and it came out perfect.
