Apple Butter Oatmeal Bars
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/229207/apple-butter-oatmeal-bars/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13-inch baking pan. Mix flour, baking soda, and salt together in a large bowl; add oats and sugar. Stir in margarine until well incorporated. Press half the oat mixture into the prepared baking pan. Spread apple butter over oat mixture layer. Sprinkle remaining oat mixture over apple butter layer. Press top layer gently with a spoon. Bake in the preheated oven until oat mixture is crisp and lightly browned, about 55 minutes.
I will make it again...done perfectly at 350 for 55 minutes.It didn’t need any changes. I had a quart size jar of apple butter left over and decided this would be a good use for that. I had to double the recipe to use all of the apple butter. If I didn't, I think these might have been a little on the thin side. Fifty-five minutes was not quite enough time to cook, so I turned off the oven and let them sit in there for a little while longer. I'm giving this 4 stars.  I liked it but sure I'll make again.  I had no problem with burning, in fact I had to bake longer than the recipe indicated to get it a bit brown on top. However, that's just something we all deal with on an individual basis - every oven is different.  I just didn't find this as rich as the description says and it's a rather soft bar, I expected something firmer for portability.  It was certainly easy to make. I have been  baking for 38 years now and thought this recipe would be something new and delicious.  I made it exactly as the recipe states and in 35 minutes it smelled like it was burning...and it was.  The entire bottom was black already.  My oven temperature is correct as I put a thermometer inside and also had baked a pie two days prior.  Sorry to say, Allrecipes but this one is not a keeper.  I have made many of your recipes and always good so I am not sure what happened here. It was easy and yummy. I needed to add extra apple butter. This was OK , if I make it again I would add extra apple butter . It made a good dessert with vanilla ice cream
