Mexican Lasagna - No Lasagna Noodles!
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/229212/mexican-lasagna-no-lasagna-noodles/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13-inch casserole dish. Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat and stir in ground beef. Cook and stir until beef is crumbly, evenly browned, and no longer pink, about 10 minutes. Drain and discard any excess grease. Add water and taco seasoning; cook and stir until mixture has thickened, 5 to 10 minutes. Arrange 3 tortillas in the bottom of the casserole dish; spread about half the can of refried beans and half the ground beef atop the tortilla layer. Sprinkle 1 cup Colby-Jack cheese over ground beef layer. Arrange 3 more tortillas over the cheese. Spread in the remaining 1/2 can refried beans and half the jar of taco sauce; sprinkle with 1 cup Colby-Jack cheese. Arrange 3 more tortillas and top with remaining ground beef and 1 cup Colby-Jack cheese. Top with last 3 tortillas and remaining 1/2 jar taco sauce. Bake in the preheated oven until top tortilla layer begins to brown, 20 to 25 minutes. Sprinkle 1 cup Colby-Jack cheese over lasagna. Turn on oven's broiler. Place lasagna under the broiler until Colby-Jack cheese is melted and bubbling, 3 to 5 minutes.
This was an excellent recipe! The only thing that was tweaked was I added onions, jalapenos, and tomatoes to the meat while it was cooking, and a garnish of cilantro. Sour cream is a must. It's aight I make this in a large, greased,spring form pan. Allow to sit 15 minutes after it comes out, then remove side of pan, cut, serve, enjoy Quick easy meal!  Almost like havin loaded nachos but with tortillas.  A snack that's a meal.  Good.  Next time I'm just going to throw broken tortilla chips down for the base and see how that works. Tastes good, too much work for results.  Beans were difficult to spread, so added jalapeño dip to bean to soften and held the tortilla in hand while spreading beans.  Will make again, but will simplify. As is it’s 5 stars, but to make it even more yummier, do salsa instead of taco sauce (add a layer on the meat each time) and add sour cream layers when you do the salsa so yum with sour cream. The salsa gives it more flavor than taco sauce. Our entire fam, including all the kids love it! We put out out chopped green onions, sliced avocado, olives, and more sour cream so people can top with what they want. You can make this with corn tortillas instead if you need a gluten free option which I’ve made it that way too and also good! This was fabulous! I added onions and jalapenos to the meat and used spicy hot taco seasoning. Yummy. Will make 3 meals for just the 2 of us. Served with fresh garden veggies. Very good. Next time I will add an additional 1/2 pack of taco seasoning and a can of green chilies to the salsa. Mixed tomatoes in with meat sauce as well as garlic salt & black pepper.Used low sodium taco seasoning.Mixed the can of vegetarian refried beans in with meat sauce.Added a little more cheese for the cheese layers.Since I was making dinner for only 2 people, I sectioned off the leftover food into squares for individual servings.
