Pumpkin Zucchini Bread 
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/229351/pumpkin-zucchini-bread-cake/
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease and flour 2 8x8-inch baking dishes. Sift flour, pumpkin pie spice, salt, baking soda, and baking powder together in a large bowl. Beat eggs, sugar, vegetable oil, pumpkin, and vanilla extract together in a second bowl until mixture is smooth and creamy. Stir wet ingredients into flour mixture until combined; gently fold in zucchini and walnuts. Divide batter into the prepared baking dishes. Bake in the preheated oven until cakes are lightly browned and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 40 to 60 minutes. Allow to cool on rack for 20 minutes before removing from pans to finish cooling.
Delicious recipe that I made last night. I also made a few tweaks just because of what I had on hand, and per the other reviewers. I cut the sugar down to 2 cups, only used 1/4 cup melted coconut oil in place of the vegetable oil, 3/4 cup applesauce, 3/4 canned pumpkin, and 2 cups of grated zucchini (with one grated carrot mixed in). I made a dozen muffins that baked for about 25 minutes and one 8x8 loaf for an hour. The loaf I froze right away but the muffins are absolutely delicious. The kids love them, too! Easy to follow and beautiful crust. Got ready to remove from pan and poured out like a liquid even though a toothpick came out clean. Far too moist. A loaf of soup. Super moist and yummy! I absolutely LOVE this recipe.  So moist and flavorful!!!  I did not have to tweak the recipe at all (other than putting a little cream cheese frosting on top).  I made mini loaves, wrapped in plastic wrap and placed in a freezer baggie.  I take a mini loaf out just about every other day to enjoy.  (I'm not going to lie, my dogs love it too :-))  Thank you for publishing this recipe.  I am getting ready to make another batch as I type this! I loved this recipient doubled everything and only change I opened a 15 oz can of pumpkin and used the whole can. It is Delicious  will definitely make this and share. Moist and flavorful .Thanks chef John for sharing Omg, this was so good! I saw from others it was dry so I did what someone else did and changed it to 2 cups zucchini, 1 cup pumpkin, and 1.5 cups sugar. I will definitely make this again! I enjoyed these (muffins).  I would increase the pumpkin spice, zucchini, add raisins and definitely add the walnuts.  I may try this again and add some applesauce, I found the muffins slightly dry.  A note might be added that the spice will develop as the muffins cool. This came out great! I only read about the first 2 reviews, and saw similar things done that I would do to make it healthier and more gluten free, so I went with it and am so glad I did! What I changed: 1 Cup ancient grains gluten free flour, 1/2 Cup almond flour, 1/2 Cup all purpose flour, 1 Cup whole wheat flour (= 3 cups total flour), 1/4 Cup melted coconut oil & 1/4 cup apple sauce (to replace vegetable oil), 1 Cup coconut palm sugar, and I think it's here that I almost made it without the second cup of sugar by accident, then I remembered I only had one cup of coconut palm sugar in there, and decided to grab the pure maple syrup, and put about 1/4 in and about 1/4 honey. Added the zucchini and all the other ingredients in the recipe (minus my substitutions and the nuts)  and baked 12 muffins for 25 minutes (although I think 27 min would be even better. Let cool as they will continue to cook any softer parts inside the muffin even while out of oven), and 1 8x8 square baking pan (still in oven now for 1 hr.)  My children and I all enjoyed the muffins, even my older ones who thought they wouldn't like them. And I'm so glad the changes that were made worked well so that I feel good about eating them and after. Thanks for sharing the recipe, and to everyone who submitted their helpful tips. :) I made this exactly as written and it came out fabulous. it is sweet, moist and coffee cake texture. I received high compliments on it from hubby. I am storing it in an airtight container in the refrigerator.  It is great toasted lightly in toaster oven. Recommend this recipe for using those plentiful garden zuchinnis. This is really a good recipe for anyone that likes pumpkin. My Only problem was, Finding canned pumpkin. Thank God for mom-in-laws.
