Homemade Pumpkin Puree
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/22935/pumpkin-puree/
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Cut pumpkin in half, stem to base. Remove seeds and pulp. Cover each half with foil. Bake in the preheated oven, foil-side up, until tender, about 1 hour. Scrape pumpkin flesh from shell halves and puree in a blender. Strain to remove any remaining stringy pieces. Use or store in the freezer in freezer-safe bags.
Simple, easy instructions for the first time pumpkin pureer, a trick to this is too not let the pumpkin get cold before scooping out the pumpkin meat..once its cold it gets hard to do. I've been cooking my own pumpkins for years. Pumpkin is one of my favorite ingredients to work with. I make my puree similarly, but I don't cover it. I put each half face down in a pan lined with foil (easy clean up) The facing edge gets browned and adds a nice flavor. I just mix it in. Do you just put them on the rack in the oven or a pan? It gets the job done.  Three vines will give me 9-12 sugar pumpkins each season.  When I need some puree, this is the method I've used for years.  Winter squash, like pumpkins, will keep for 6-12 months in a cool, dry location so there's no need to make and freeze a bunch of puree unless that's your thing.  Just store the pumpkins and make the puree when you need it. It is much better tasting , and less messy, cooking the pie pumpkin in the oven!  One small pie pumpkin was just the right size for a 9 inch pie, using. Evaporated milk and some half half. I used dark brown sugar to darken the purée cause the Purée was a light color, lacked the dark orange of canned ( squash) pumpkin. Bought on sale pumpkins and carved for Christmas. I wanted to use the inside for pumpkin pie. Followed the directions perfectly and came out great!! Yup! Works great! I use the hallowe'en pumpkins and make 'em into pies. Puree has been fine after 11 months of freezer storage. Turned out wellFreezes great This is a simple and super easy recipe!! I was able to make about 34 cups worth of puree since I had a huge pumpkin So easy. so good! never buying canned pumpkin again. It works with any pumpkin type although with some types you may want to let cool, strain and puree for a less watery consistency. I save the water until I finish just in case.
