Pork Chops with Apple Cider Glaze
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/229624/pork-chops-with-apple-cider-glaze/
Season pork chops with salt and black pepper. Heat oil and butter in a heavy skillet over medium-high heat. Cook pork chops in the hot oil mixture until browned on both sides and pork is slightly pink in the center, 5 to 7 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). Remove pan from the heat; transfer pork chops to a plate. Stir garlic into the pan and place over medium-high heat; cook and stir for 30 seconds. Pour in vinegar and scrape up any browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Add apple cider and Dijon mustard, bring mixture to a boil, and cook until sauce is reduced and thick, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in rosemary and red pepper flakes; season with salt and black pepper to taste. Return pork chops to the pan to warm slightly, 1 to 2 minutes per side.
We loved this one! I had bone-in chops on hand so I used those. I also subbed apple juice for the apple cider, which worked out beautifully. As it was reducing I became impatient and decided to thicken it slightly to a glaze consistency with a cornstarch/water slurry. Both Hubs and I really enjoyed these and I will definitely be making them again! Thank you Chef John! Very good! Had some monster pork loin chops so had to adjust the cooking time. Excellent flavor, I used apple juice and I added some diced apple with the garlic, recommended! Delicious! I was not excited about the boneless pork chops we were gifted for Christmas but this recipe changed my mind. I used apple juice instead of apple cider and the sauce came out perfect. The cook on the pork was excellent and they were very juicy. The husband was pleased with the cook and the flavor. Thanks, Chef John! Really enjoyed this dish and will certainly make it again. Way to much apple cider vinegar that was over powering I used an apple cider vinegar, salt, brown sugar and water brine and soaked my loin chops for an hour.  The record also cake for rosemary but I didn't have any.I then followed this recipe minus the rosemary.   I substituted garlic salt for the fresh garlic (I was out of that too) 😕.  As the glaze reduced I added 2 healing tablespoons of apple butter.The boneless loins were so tender and the flavor was wonderful! This is a keeper for sure!Then followed This was exceptionally good - the sauce is delicious. Definitely will make again and add it to my fall rotation! I was surprised by this dish because I regularly go to Chef John recipes. The vinegar was overpowering and the sauce had very little actual apple flavor. If I were to make this again, I woukd definitely just use cider and some sliced fresh apples. I'm not one to leave reviews but wow! Such simplicity yet delicious! Doesn't get much better for me. Ive been anxiously waiting for apple cider season just for this recipe. Yum!
