Easy Sweet Potato Casserole
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/229692/easy-sweet-potato-casserole/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place sweet potatoes in a large pot and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. otdash Meredith Food Studio Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes; drain. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease a deep casserole dish. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mash potatoes with a potato masher in a bowl until no large lumps remain. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in both sugars, cinnamon, and butter until well combined. otdash Meredith Food Studio Transfer sweet potato mixture to the prepared casserole dish. Cover with a layer of miniature marshmallows. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until marshmallows are browned, about 30 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio
If you like your sweet potatoes sugary and cinnamon-y this is recipe for you... my daughter and I do so we liked it but more so without the marshmallows. *I did reduce the serving size to 2 to make the recipe... my boys do not like sweet potatoes and I didn't need 10 servings.* So good Thanks for this recipe. My husband loves going out to eat and gets sweet potato casserole Everytime they have it. Decided to surprise him today! PUERTO Rican momma So easy to make and everyone in my family loves it!! I make this every year for Thanksgiving with just 1 minor addition. It is currently February 23, 2024 and my 17 year old niece bought the ingredients and called me and said, “Aunt Rachel can you PLEASE make me your sweet potato casserole”!!I always double this for my large family but the only thing I add is a couple tablespoons of Vanilla Extract! Super simple, super tasty, and the hardest part of the whole recipe is peeling and cutting those sweet potatoes Yummy recipe Dont add white sugar tho makes it too  sweet i used 2Tbs. Vanilla Extract,Cinnamon & Brown Sugar came out, great take care not to burn the marshmallows on the top added mine 10 min before done  great before removing from oven before done done This is delicious,and so easy to prepare. It came out perfectly!
