Oven-Roasted Turkey Breast
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/229658/oven-roasted-turkey-breast/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Mix 1/4 cup butter, garlic, paprika, Italian seasoning, garlic and herb seasoning, salt, and black pepper together in a bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place turkey breast with skin-side up into a roasting pan. Loosen skin with your fingers; brush 1/2 of the butter mixture over the turkey breast and underneath the skin. Reserve remaining butter mixture. Tent turkey breast loosely with aluminum foil. otdash Meredith Food Studio Roast in the preheated oven for 1 hour; baste turkey breast with remaining butter mixture. Return to oven and roast until the juices run clear and an instant-read meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the breast, not touching bone, reads 165 degrees F (65 degrees C), about 30 more minutes. Let turkey breast rest 10 to 15 minutes before serving. While turkey is resting, transfer pan drippings to a skillet. Skim off excess grease, leaving about 1 tablespoon in skillet. Place skillet over low heat; cook and stir shallot in turkey grease until opaque, about 5 minutes. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in skillet with shallot and whisk in white wine, scraping any browned bits of food from skillet. Whisk in chicken stock and flour until smooth. Bring to a simmer, whisking constantly, until thickened. For a creamier, lighter gravy, whisk in half-and-half. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO
This is a great way to utilize a turkey breast. We cooked it this evening, and it was plenty for our family of three. The spices were perfect, and the gravy was an excellent compliment. Throw in some chopped root vegetables to roast at the same time, add a green salad, and you've got a fantastic Fall meal!! I’m not a huge fan of dark turkey meat, and the white meat (breast) tends to dry out when cooking a whole turkey.   Cooking a breast on its own is the perfect solution! You don’t have to worry about drying out the white meat while making sure the dark is done. The gravy was very flavorful, however the execution is a little backwards. First off, it’s impossible to baste using softened butter - you’re going to have to melt it.  I left the butter mixture on the stove while the breast was roasting, so it would melt from the heat.  In Steps 5-6, I would cook the shallot in the butter, and THEN whisk in the flour, let that cook down a bit, then whisk in the white wine and broth. No clumps this way. Scraping the brown bits from the pan should be done in Step 5, while you’re sauteing the shallot, not in Step 6. Also, this is more like 4 servings, definitely not 2. I made this for Easter lunch last year and it was delicious, so it’s a do over this year for sure!! It took 30 minutes longer than expected - but maybe because I looked two at once. We tried this for Christmas 2023, it was very good.  2 people who don’t like turkey, liked this recipe and enjoyed eating it! Everybody at our table raved about it.  Hands down the easiest, moistest and  tastiest turkey I've ever eaten. Didn't change a single ingredient .   I didn't  make the gravy, but after reading the reviews, I will next time. I had an 8.5 lb breast so I doubled the butter recipe.  With any turkey, basting is key so I kept that up during the 2.5 hour cooking time.  I tented it at the end to prevent over browning.  Best. Moist. Flavorful. Turkey. Ever.  I may never cook a whole bird again. We loved it! This was absolutely fantastic. Adding to my favorites!
