Easy Cranberry Orange Relish
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/229740/easy-cranberry-orange-relish/
Grate 2 teaspoons of zest from orange; discard remaining peel and pith from orange. Divide orange into sections. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place orange sections, 2 teaspoons orange zest, cranberries, sugar, and cinnamon in a food processor; pulse until finely chopped. otdash Meredith Food Studio Transfer relish to a bowl. Cover and refrigerate until flavors have blended, at least 2 hours and up to 3 days. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I've had this homemade relish every Thanksgiving as long as I remember. I've never tried it with cinnamon in it, however, my family chops and adds alot of pecans. Someone suggested I try it using a dry pkg of strawberry jello. I didn't like that so much. I just prefer the cranberry, orange, sugar and pecan version! :) I make this all the time over the holidays.   Does anyone know if I can use 1/2 pint jars and vacuum seal the lids to keep for later in the year? I had just a little over 4 ounces of cranberries frozen in my freezer leftover from Thanksgiving and decided to try this for my husband and myself. I thawed them and made adjustments to the amount of the rest of the ingredients. It was yummy and really goes with anything! We had it with leftover Air Fryer Coconut Shrimp (also on this site) and rotisserie chicken from the store. Thank you! I've made this relish numerous times for Thanksgiving and Christmas dinners, always to an enthusiastic response. Since presentation is so important, this year it was served in an amber-coloured antique, footed serving dish, which really brought out the rich orange and reds of the relish. I didn't have oranges in average sizes.. instead i used mandarin 'Cuties' oranges i already had on hand which worked well.  We chose to put less sugar in and added some whole cranberry sauce from a can. My mom has been making this recipe my whole life. It’s made with one orange, the package of cranberries, one apple, one lemon and 1/2-1 cup of sugar. No cinnamon. Pulse for a perfect addition to your thanksgiving meal. Enjoy! I made this today and loved it! I used about 3/4 cup of monk fruit instead of sugar and it was perfect. Much lower in carbs, even with the orange. The monk fruit tastes like sugar with no after taste.Ratio of cranberries to orange was perfect! I got this relish recipe from my sister.  The only addition is a small can of crushed pineapple with juice & omitting cinnamon. Delicious! Delicious! This is the only way I prepare cranberries now. I usually leave out the sugar and add an apple or a little Stevia for sweetness. This recipe truly is easy to make and the freshness of the berries and orange tastes so much better than canned or cooked cranberry sauce.  Other than the orange zest, a few pulses in a food processor are all that's needed for it to come together.  I’ve taken this to an office holiday gathering before and people actually enjoyed eating it as part of the dessert.  It’s that good.  During the holiday when fresh cranberries are abundant, I always buy extra bags to roughly crush into large pieces and store them in vacuum-sealed bags so I can make this sauce anytime I want to throughout the year.
