Easy Vegetarian Spinach Lasagna
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/229764/easy-vegetarian-spinach-lasagna/
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Spray a 1 1/2-quart casserole dish with cooking spray. Set aside. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Place spinach in the water and boil until wilted and tender, about 2 minutes. Remove spinach with a slotted spoon, pressing out excess water. Set aside. Cook lasagna in the same boiling water, stirring occasionally, until cooked through but firm to the bite, about 8 minutes. Drain. Mix spinach, ricotta cheese, 1/2 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, egg, nutmeg, basil, salt, and black pepper in a bowl until well combined. Spread 1/4 cup pasta sauce on the bottom of the prepared casserole dish. Top with 3 lasagna noodles, 1/2 of the ricotta-egg mixture, and 1/4 cup pasta sauce. Repeat layers of 3 more noodles, 1/2 cup ricotta-egg mixture, and 1/4 cup pasta sauce. End with remaining 3 noodles and 1/4 cup pasta sauce. Sprinkle with remaining 1/2 cup shredded mozzarella cheese. Top with Parmesan cheese. Cover casserole with aluminum foil. Bake in the preheated oven for 25 minutes. Uncover casserole and continue baking until lasagna is bubbling and lightly browned, about 25 more minutes. Let lasagna stand 5 minutes before serving.
Made this for Recipe Group 12/7/12. I used a 9x9 dish and thought using 6 noodles would help since others said it was a little shy on sauce and/or ricotta. After boiling the noodles (whole wheat), I cut off the ends and used those for the middle layer and they fit perfectly. I ended up adding a splash of milk to the ricotta just to make it easier to spread and needed to double the sauce. I used my colander over the pasta to steam the spinach but it didn't get as done as I'd like so I could only mix half into the cheese blend and then split the rest between each layer. Overall this was pretty good with those two changes in amounts. If using all nine noodles I would need even more sauce and more filling. We got 4 servings with no sides and probably would have gotten 6 if we'd had something else on the table, even with 2/3 the pasta. It's great, you can add a lot more such as bell peppers,  I use TVP. Texture vegetable protein.  It's very cheap and healthy,  I wonder if you can buy protein lasagna noodles? Probably by now. You do you.xoxo. I doubled the ricotta cheese and used 2 eggs instead of one. I also added sauted onion, green peppers, and mushrooms, along with a pinch of oregano and rosemary. I let it cook for 35 minutes covered and 30 minutes uncovered.  It was so good.  The leftovers were even better. Easy to make and very delicious. We all loved it!! Delicious! I omitted the Parmesan cheese cuz I don’t like it and topped it with fresh slices of mozzarella it really elevated the dish. If you can use fresh instead of shredded on the top it makes a difference Great recipe!! However I use a full 32oz container of ricotta. 8oz is not nearly enough, no italian would approve of it lol. I also add a table spoon of garlic powder to the ricotta mixture as we are garlic freaks in my household. But otherwise the nutmeg really makes this recipe unique. My BF loves it everytime I make it for him. This recipe was great. I did add a little extra cheese to the top to cover it completely though. Also 25 minutes after covering might a been a little too much. I would recommend 20 minutes instead. Very simple and delicious lasagna! I made in a large casserole dish so I added more of everything, and rather than adding the spinach to the ricotta mixture, I steamed the spinach along with some squash and carrots, and added a layer of these 3 veggies on top of the ricotta mix layer. My usually carnivorous family loved it! We love it, double the recipe I added chopped onions and chopped garlic, next time plan on adding broccoli
