Stove Pot Roast With Mashed Potatoes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/229955/stove-pot-roast-with-mashed-potatoes/
Season beef chuck roast with salt and black pepper; sear in a large, deep skillet or Dutch oven over medium heat until browned, about 10 minutes per side. Pour beef broth and water into the skillet with roast. Arrange onion wedges and garlic cloves around beef; spread carrots atop and place sprig of rosemary atop carrots. Turn heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, about 6 hours. Cover potatoes with water in a large pot and bring to a boil; reduce heat to low and simmer until tender, about 30 minutes. Drain. Mash potatoes with butter and 1/2 of the evaporated milk until smooth; slowly mash remaining evaporated milk into potatoes to achieve the desired consistency. Season with salt. Remove 1 or 2 cloves of garlic from the skillet and mash cloves on top of roast; serve with mashed potatoes.
I've been making my roast like this for quite some time. I like to coat the roast with flour along with the salt and pepper before searing. I then remove the roast and cook the onion and carrots for a minute or two to get them slightly browned. I didn't use the garlic. Tossed in some fresh thyme along with the rosemary - the fresh herbs make all the difference. I like to thicken the pan juices into a gravy to serve over the potatoes. Instead of the water, I used 1 cup of red wine.  "Oh my, SO delicious"! Also, (optional hint) I added mushrooms. Delicious!  I didn't have fresh rosemary so I used dried.  Also added a green pepper to the pot that I needed to use before it spoiled.   I didn't add water because my roast was only 2 pounds, but it was flavorful and aromatic! This pot roast was so tender it fell apart when I tried to lift it out of the pot.  This quickly became a family favorite! Excellent!! I did take the advice of one reviewer and coated the meat with flour, salt and pepper before browning and then removed and browned the onions, carrots and garlic. I made the rest of the recipe as is and it was fantastic! Will def make this again. Used garlic salt, additional garlic and left out the rosemary.  This is a new family favorite! Turned out delicious! Would wait to add carrots and potatoes though, as they became a bit too mushy. I've been making my roast like this for quite some time. I like to coat the roast with flour along with the salt and pepper before searing. I then remove the roast and cook the onion and carrots for a minute or two to get them slightly browned. I didn't use the garlic. Tossed in some fresh thyme along with the rosemary - the fresh herbs make all the difference. I like to thicken the pan juices into a gravy to serve over the potatoes.
