Shrimp Scampi with Pasta
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/229960/shrimp-scampi-with-pasta/
Gather ingredients. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil; cook linguine in boiling water until nearly tender, 6 to 8 minutes. Drain. Melt 2 tablespoons butter with 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir shallots, garlic, and red pepper flakes in the hot butter and oil until shallots are translucent, 3 to 4 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Season shrimp with kosher salt and black pepper; add to the skillet and cook until pink, stirring occasionally, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove shrimp from skillet and keep warm. Pour white wine and lemon juice into skillet and bring to a boil while scraping the browned bits of food off of the bottom of the skillet with a wooden spoon. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in skillet, stir 2 tablespoons olive oil into butter mixture, and bring to a simmer. otdash Meredith Food Studio Toss linguine, shrimp, and parsley in the butter mixture until coated; season with salt and black pepper. Drizzle with 1 teaspoon olive oil to serve. Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO
I made this dish tonight; it turned out awesome. I had some mushrooms I was looking to use and sauteed them with the shallots and garlic. One step that should be added is to reserve one cup of the pasta water, which should be added just prior to adding the pasta and shrimp. This adds starch and helps give the sauce a smooth texture. Just finished making this.One word awesome!Added two things a little homemade Alfredo sauce and Parmesan cheese while finishing the shrimp. I have a family of picky eaters and they loved it. I added mushrooms as one reviewer mentioned and used angel hair pasta for a lighter pasta. You definitely need the extra pasta water. I would make it again. Craved shrimp scampi! After reading the reviews on this I added more spices; Aleppo pepper, garlic and onion powders, and about 1/2 cup half and half. I had remembered a friend made it and mentioned using 1/2 & 1/2 and it was delicious. Also used my Chinese cooking wine which is a little more flavorful than regular. OMG! Better than any I've had in a restaurant! Thank you! This recipe is excellent, I took someone else's advice and kept 1 cup of pasta water and added it at the end. My husband loved it and I will add to my my saved recipes. My wife and I both really enjoy this recipe. I have made it multiple times, and it has been a hit each time. Lots of flavor from the garlic and shallots, and a subtle touch of heat from the red pepper flakes, but you can still absolutely taste and enjoy the shrimp themselves.The only modification I make to this is to add an extra garlic clove (both my wife and I love garlic). Beyond that, not much else needs tweaking in my opinion. If you want more shrimp, I have found that going to about 2 pounds of shrimp and using the same 1 pound of pasta works well if you increase the sauce ingredients by 50%.It actually comes together fairly quickly too, which is nice. I think the longest part of this process may be peeling the shrimp. Once you start cooking, this moves right along. I added some lemon essential oil to the pasta water, which I have never done before. AMAZING. I used onion instead of shallots and I used some lemon olive oil too from the olive oil store in the 2nd olive oil addition. My kids thought it needed more flavor but I think that is because we are addicted to bad foods. It was very natural and healthy tasting. I also used about 2 pounds of shrimp. Yum Loved it. Simmered the wine for about 7 minutes to let it reduce and cook down the wine. Also added some oregano and a few tablespoons of garlic powder (at the end to mix in with the pasta and everything) and 3 cloves garlic instead of 2. I normally dont make recipes exact, not even close, but this recipe nailed shrimp scampi. Excellent work. Great as is! Per hubby's request I have made this 2x this month. Only thing I changed this time were to add mushrooms...hmmm zucchini would be good too! Definitely going into the rotation~ This was awesome! I wanted some asparagus so cut into 1" pieces and added to the butter and olive oil before the garlic and shallots, about 3 mins, I used cooked ,large shrimp, thawed but I didn't add them until after the sauce was done and I turned the heat off. Added the pasta and shazamm! So simple, yet yummy!! I made some substitutions--I used chicken broth in place of the white wine and orzo instead of linguine. I really liked the orzo with it!! I also sprinkled it with a little parmesan and cracked black pepper to finish. This is a keeper!! This was a lot of work, but it tasted good.   I used spaghetti.  I cut everything in half to scale down.  Followed the recipe. This was easy to make and was delicious! Solid simple recipe. Will use it again. The recipe was quick and simple and easy to put together very tasty My husband who is a chef thought that this was very good. He said it was excellent and a classic. I will definitely use this again. I did change it up a bit. I used plant butter as he is a vegetarian and I used classic olive oil instead of the extra virgin. Except at the very end I did use extra virgin. I also added in spinach so we had a vegetable and it cooked great. This is a real keeper Delicious! I may have it again tonight! Added a bit more butter and followed the pasta box for how long to cook, outside of that, it was fantastic. Wife was extremely pleased with the dinner. Definitely make it again!
