Simple Pumpkin Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/229932/simple-pumpkin-pie/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). llrecipes/Victoria Jempt Fit pie crust into a 9-inch pie dish and place it on a baking sheet. llrecipes/Victoria Jempt Combine pumpkin puree, condensed milk, eggs, and pumpkin pie spice in a large bowl; mix until combined. llrecipes/Victoria Jempt Pour mixture into the pie crust. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) and continue to bake until filling is set, 35 to 40 minutes. llrecipes/Victoria Jempt Remove from the oven, set on a wire rack, and cool completely before serving. llrecipes/Victoria Jempt Serve and enjoy!
This is also the same recipe as Signature Pumpkin Pie which is also on this site. My youngest son and I made this pie together. Because I'm low on time and energy, I used a refrigerated pie crust. We mixed the pie filling in my Kitchen Aid mixer, it was less than five minutes to make it. We followed the recipe exact. This pie was done baking at five minutes before the fourty minutes was up. Gorgeous pie, VERY VERY good. This recipe's a keeper. NOTE: For those of you who want a pie that tastes like pumpkin that's lightly sweetened, this one is for you. I just went on a whole odyssey trying to figure out how much 16 ounces of pumpkin (mass) is in millilitres (volume) because Canadian cans are not labelled in mass. For anyone else losing their entire minds, Canadian pumpkin cans are typically 32 ounces, or 2 lbs, which in metric volume is 796 mL. Use half a can. Now to figure out the sweetened condensed milk (my can is 300 mL). tastes good. Added brown sugar to it. Super easy and very delicious 😋 I loved this recipe… It’s my grandson Harry’s favourite!… I didn’t make any changes except I made my own pastry… Yum!…😋😋 Best pie ever! I took this to my in-laws and they went back and ate every last crumb! I guess next year I'll have to make two. Simple and yummy 😋 My son's birthday is around Thanksgiving. This is his favorite recipe and asks for this instead of cake for his parties. I love the creaminess and depth of flavor that comes with using condensed milk instead of sugar (for the comments that question no sugar,  the condensed milk is sweet, that's your sugar). It makes the pie seem custard-like. Thanks to my cousin Monica introducing this recipe to me, I will never make pumpkin pie any other way. Recipe great I did add sugar vanilla ext
