Chef John's Pumpkin Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/230132/chef-johns-pumpkin-pie/
Gather the ingredients. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO Whisk together pumpkin, egg yolks, and egg in a large bowl until smooth. Add sweetened condensed milk, cinnamon, ginger, salt, nutmeg, and Chinese 5-spice powder; whisk until thoroughly combined. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO Line a 9-inch pie plate with pie crust; crimp edges. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO Pour filling into crust; lightly tap on the counter to release air bubbles. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) and bake until just set in the middle, 30 to 40 more minutes. A paring knife inserted into the filling, 1 inch from the edge, should come out clean. Allow to cool completely before serving. tayl96
The PERFECT pumpkin pie. Delicately spiced, lightly sweetened with absolutely NO CRACKS. VERY good. NOTE: I did cover the pie halfway through with foil to keep the crust from burning. I kept to the recipe,I  like the touch of the Chinese 5 spice . Perfect! Would not change a thing! The mix of spices and the extra egg yolk make this pie stand out in a crowd like you have no idea, it is crazy creamy and fragrant, and you can make two pies with this recipe. I usually buy two crusts and fill them 3/4 of the way, and give one away to friends/family for thanksgiving Fantastic. Creamy and custardlike. I didn't have the 5-spice blend so left it out, but it was still very flavorful. I also forgot to tap out the bubbles before putting it in the oven. There were some bubbles in the surface at the end, which I was fine with. No cracks at all, and the surface was smooth and glossy. Absolutely wonderful pie! This really is the perfect pumpkin pie recipe. I have made it multiple times, and it's never been bad. I don't modify the recipe at all, it doesn't need it. Don't forget to use Chef John's pie crust! Between those two recipes, you'll get a perfect pie every time. I add a teaspoon of vanilla and sometimes I will add an extra teaspoon of pumpkin pie spice mix, not that it needs it, I just like a little more spice. The texture is amazing. Best pumpkin pie I have ever had honestly and super easy. Perfect for the holidays. Followed recipe exactly.   The best pumpkin pie ever.
