Lauren's Apple Cider Roast Turkey
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/230122/laurens-apple-cider-roast-turkey/
Rinse turkey inside and out with cold water; pat dry with paper towels. Combine water, apple cider, kosher salt, and sugar in a large pot or 5-gallon food-grade bucket, stirring until salt and sugar dissolved. Submerge turkey in brine, cover container, and refrigerator, 8 hours or overnight. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Remove turkey from brine; discard brine. Place turkey breast-side up into a roasting pan; pat turkey and cavity dry with paper towels. Loosen turkey skin over breast and thighs with your fingers. Whisk olive oil, thyme, and poultry seasoning together in a small bowl; rub over turkey and underneath loosened skin. Cover turkey loosely with aluminum foil. Cook in the preheated oven until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh, near but not touching bone, reads 165 to 175 degrees F (75 to 80 degrees C), 4 to 4 1/2 hours. Remove foil tent about 45 minutes before end of cook time to let skin brown. Let turkey rest 30 to 45 minutes before carving.
I used this recipe to make my very first Thanksgiving turkey this year. It turned out super tender and was a HUGE hit! The 14 lb turkey was literally picked clean by the end of the night! I followed the recipe for the most part but made a few small changes. I made the overnight brine as suggested but replaced the water with chicken broth. The next morning I prepared the turkey for the oven per the recipe but added more seasonings. I added onion and garlic powder, seasoning salt, rosemary, pepper, and sage to the olive oil mixture for even more flavor. I also placed pats of butter on and under the skin of the turkey prior to roasting. I removed the foil tent from the turkey 45 minutes prior to the end of cooking time (which was 4.5 hours). This was a very easy recipe and well received by all. You won't be disappointed! Made it as written. I’d add one more day to the defrosting process. It was awesome. I made this for Thanksgiving and it was delicious and so moist. I changed it just a little by only using half the salt and adding poultry seasoning and rosemary to the oil.  Will keep this recipe!! I have been using this recipe for my holidays for the past 8 years. It’s the best recipe! My turkey is always sooo tender for my 14lb turkeys or larger. Nobody in my family gets the turkey as tender and the turkey is always picked to the bone. Hands down this is the best recipe for brining. I have never been a fan of white meat because it’s often so dry. My sister in law told me to try this recipe and I’ll never cook turkey another way again. My turkey was as tender, juicy, flavorful, and delicious as I could ever want. Thanks for sharing!!!! As mentioned, the turkey takes less time to cook which is great.  Crisp skin from all the sugar in the cider reminiscent of Peking Duck. Omitted all salt and it was never missed and far healthier for it.  Used more poultry seasoning in olive oil for brushing the skin and put some diced apple, onions, garlic and herbs in the cavity. Did the often recommended cooked first half with breast side down and then flipped.  The cider tenderizes the breast meat so well, dark meat lovers were won over.  Cider marinade as I think of it since no salt is used, is the only way to go. Not sure what I did wrong but it was too vinegar tasting for our taste.  Bird was very well brined and juicy after cooking but the vinegar taste was off putting. This turkey was delicious!  I added some black peppercorns, bay leaves and garlic to the brine.  After brining, I rinsed my turkey and soaked in fresh water for about 15 minutes to eliminate saltiness.  Used herbed butter under the skin.  It was so juicy which I attribute to the brining process! made it for Thanksgiving and my picky eating daughter loved it! so made it for Christmas. agreed pot wouldn't fit in frig. so put the pot in a cooler with ice. substituted water for chicken broth and added sage, rosemary, garlic & onion powder, and pepper to oil mixture. I put onions, carrots and garlic in the roasting pan with dark beer.  Everything was delicious.  Never brined before and it was a game-changer.
