Best Gingerbread Men Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/230238/gingerbread-men-cookies/
Mix flour, ginger, cinnamon, baking soda, nutmeg, and salt in large bowl. Beat butter and brown sugar in large bowl with electric mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy. Add molasses, egg, and vanilla; mix well. Gradually beat in flour mixture on low speed until well mixed. otdash Meredith Food Studio Press dough into a thick, flat disk. Wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate 4 hours or overnight. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Roll dough on a lightly floured surface to a thickness of 1/4 inch. Cut into gingerbread men shapes with a 5-inch cookie cutter. Place gingerbread men 1 inch apart on ungreased baking sheets. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until edges of cookies are set and just begin to brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Cool on baking sheets for 1 to 2 minutes, then remove to wire racks to cool completely. otdash Meredith Food Studio Decorate cooled cookies as desired. Store cookies in airtight container up to 5 days.
This was my first attempt ever at gingerbread. I refrigerated it for 1.5 days because I got busy, and the dough kept well wrapped in plastic wrap. YUMMY flavor--my 2.5-year-old and I both love them! I didn't have enough molasses on hand, so I used probably about 2 Tbsp of corn syrup to make up for what I was missing. It didn't seem to cause a problem. For the other gingerbread virgins out there, here is my advice: first of all, when you take the dough out of the fridge, it will seem rock hard. Don't panic, it softens as you roll it. Only roll out 1/2 at a time as it gets very soft, very fast. Second of all, don't forget to MOVE the cookies to a wire rack after 1-2 minutes as listed. I got busy with my toddler and forgot, and my first batch stuck pretty good to my cookie sheets. I had to be careful to not crack them to pieces when removing them. With the next batches, I removed them after 1 minute with no problems at all. Happy baking! Absolutely loved eating and making these delicious gingerbread cookies. I would make them again but my oven set my house on fire and I’m currently at a homeless encampment. I will make them again (this time with less sugar) once I rebuild my childhood home. Amazing! It was great. I stored dough for 3 days and came out perfect. I added 1 tsp of ground cloves. This recipe is very easy to follow and good! Crumbly and not a lot of flavor Oh my goodness...Best simply Best ever !!!
