Easy Beginner's Turkey with Stuffing
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/23037/easy-beginners-turkey-with-stuffing/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Remove and discard giblets. Rinse turkey and pat dry with paper towels. Place turkey in a shallow roasting pan. llrecipes/Oana Enni Bring water and 4 tablespoons butter to a boil in a medium saucepan. Stir in stuffing mix, cover, remove from the heat, and let rest for 5 minutes. llrecipes/Oana Enni While stuffing is resting, melt remaining 1 tablespoon butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add celery and onion; cook and stir until tender, 5 to 7 minutes. llrecipes/Oana Enni Add celery and onion to the stuffing. Mix in toasted bread pieces and season with salt and pepper. llrecipes/Oana Enni Loosely scoop stuffing into the body and neck cavities of the turkey. Rub exterior of the turkey with vegetable oil and loosely cover with aluminum foil. llrecipes/Oana Enni Roast turkey in the preheated oven until an instant-read thermometer inserted in the thickest part of the thigh reaches 180 degrees F (85 degrees C) and the interior of the stuffing reaches 165 degrees F (70 degrees C), about 3 1/2 to 4 hours. Remove foil during the last 30 minutes of cooking to brown the bird. llrecipes/Oana Enni
I used this recipe last year for my first Thanksgiving in attempt to impress my mother and my mother-in-law. I was successful both ways. The entire family complimented my cooking ability. In fact, this year I was asked to have Thanksgiving again. And the first thing I did was look up this recipe. Thank you so much! I think I may modify it a bit by pouring over a bottle of beer or wrapping it in bacon.... Easy and delicious!!! yum yum yummy Excellent simplified recipe. Some recipes make it too difficult when it doesn’t need to be. Great results! This turkey recipe was perfect. I followed the instructions as written and it was delicious. This is my first stuffed Turkey and this recipe was very easy to follow! I used a season salt, garlic and thyme. Next time I’m going to do this with Rosemary and I used a box of Stove Top for my dressing. My bf and couple of friends I had over said it was yummy!  Let’s just say by the following day there was nothing left! I loved it very much, I had most of it right. Thanks soooo much & Happy Holidays. May God bless you all. Used a 20 lb turkey and adjusted the time. It was gorgeous and moist. Go far it. Such an easy way to make stuffing. I also "docker" up stove top..Can add apples, nuts, etc.  This recipe is simple and tastes great. Keep basting with chicken broth so you have juices for gravy! Happy Thanksgiving There was not enough liquid for this recipe.  I doctored it up, but still not that great!
