Chicken Dumpling Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/23036/chicken-dumpling-soup/
In a blender or food processor, combine 3 cups cooked chicken, eggs, 3/4 cup chicken broth, 1 cup flour, parsley, 2 teaspoons salt, pepper and tarragon. Process until smooth. In a large pot, bring 4 cups chicken broth to a boil. Drop dumpling mixture by rounded spoonfuls into boiling broth. Simmer, uncovered, 5 to 8 minutes, until well formed and slightly browned. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Reserve dumpling cooking liquid. In a large pot melt butter over medium heat. Cook onion, celery and garlic in butter until onion is translucent. Stir in 1/2 cup flour until fully incorporated. Pour in 2 quarts chicken broth, stirring constantly. Bring to a boil. Introduce 1 1/2 teaspoons salt and carrots. Cover, reduce heat, and simmer 15 minutes. Stir in dumplings, reserved liquid and 3 cups cooked chicken. Simmer 15 minutes more before serving.
I thought this recipes was great!!! I didn't add as much chicken to the broth, when the dumplings were added. I only used 1 1/2 cups. It was perfect. I also didn't use any taragon. It was the best soup I have ever had... Nope ! Didn’t have a taste Made per recipe.  Been successfully cooking 60  years and this just did not go well.  Threw most of the dumplings away. Dumplings would not form.   Left with small bits of partially cooked flour balls floating on surface.  Wanted to like it, just too much work for disappointing results. Amazing soup!  I did do some alterations including: added a little half and half (1/2 cup?) to the soup for a little creaminess.  Also used corn meal in the dumplings for texture.YUM!! Not bad flavor although time consuming.my dumplings totally fell apart.it turned into a very thick soup.I would try again but with store bought dumplings. I grew up around Chicken and Dumplings.  My grandma is southern and makes it all the time.  I have her recipe and through the years have given it a couple tries myself.  I have always liked it.  I stumbled on this recipe and gave it a try.  I LOVED this one soooo much more.  No offense to dear grandma but this soup is delicious.  My family begs me to make it and although it does take some time the outcome is rewarding.  The thing i like the most is actually using chicken in the dumplings.  It is not only delicious but very filling.  5 stars!  if i could give it more stars i would! Absolute best chicken dumpling soup recipe ever! Bursting with flavor, though i did change it a bit: For the dumplings, i used whole wheat flour and only 1 cup of turkey. (It was a dumpling and turkey soup because that's what I had, but it tasted phenomenal!) They were fantastic, though i would recommend cooking them for at least 10-15 minutes. As for the soup, I followed what it said, but didn't use onions or celery and sauteed minced garlic in about 1 Tbsp. butter, I also used peas and carrots, and added 2 bay leaves, about 2-4 tsp. parsley and 1/2-1 tsp. tarragon. All-in-all....AMAZING and will be making often! I thought this was a great recipe. I used a rotisserie chicken from the grocery to save time...I would recommend to reduce the salt if you do this. Otherwise really good and hit the spot on a cold winter night! when my mom was cooking it,it smelled good.when i tasted it was pretty good.i didnt really like the dumplings.[my mom added peas and subtracted a little flower]. zackMom:  I cooked the chicken, carrots, celery, and some quinoa in the crock pot while at work.  It was easy to make the dumplings, boil stock and throw it together.  I liked it;  will make it again, might go more Italian like a wedding soup I didnt use the flour in the broth as not sure how it would taste and wanted a more healty alternative.  the dumplings were wonderful.  I saved a ton of money buying a whole chicken and making my own broth.  I also added parsnips love it.  I love this web site!!!
