Hot Spiced Tea for the Holidays
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/230400/hot-spiced-tea-for-the-holidays/
Pour water into a pot; add cloves and cinnamon stick. Bring water to a boil; remove from heat. Add tea bags to water and set aside to steep until the tea is to your preferred strength, at least 5 minutes. Remove and discard cloves, cinnamon stick, and tea bags. Stir orange juice, sugar, pineapple juice, and lemon juice together in a saucepan; bring to a boil. Cook and stir the juice mixture until the sugar dissolves completely. Pour juice mixture into the spiced tea; serve hot.
This tea is delicious - it has become a family favorite! Very similar to the spiced tea (or Russian Tea) mix I used to drink growing up, only it uses better ingredients. Just a quick tip for brewing the tea - I brew mine for 15 minutes (perfection) and add just a pinch of baking soda to the hot water, which takes out any bitterness in the tea. Try drinking this over ice as well - equally delicious!! Thank you Carmen for submitting such a wonderful recipe! I sure did. I added a lot more cinnamon sticks and cloves! It turned out delicious and was very calming. This is the same as Russian Tea, with fresh ingredients and much less sweet - a good thing.  The other advantage is that I don't have to mix as many servings as the dry mix version. I made this exactly by the recipe, but when I tasted it, it seemed a little weak. So I added the tea bags back in for another 10 minutes (I had already discarded the cinnamon and cloves). The next time I make this, I will steep tea, cloves, and cinnamon for 15 minutes since I like my tea a little stronger, which will turn it into a 5-star recipe. Delicious afternoon pick-me-up. I loved it and I'm not  fan of plain hot tea! Very. very good! Made as is. Delicious.  Wanted a warmer-up that wasn't spiced apple cider. This is very good. Adjust the sugar to your preference. I think I'd use a little less next time. Absolutely Awesome! This tea is delicious - it has become a family favorite!   Very similar to the spiced tea (or Russian Tea) mix I used to drink growing up, only it uses better ingredients.  Just a quick tip for brewing the tea - I brew mine for 15 minutes (perfection) and add just a pinch of baking soda to the hot water, which takes out any bitterness in the tea.  Try drinking this over ice as well - equally delicious!!  Thank you Carmen for submitting such a wonderful recipe!
