Banana Chocolate Chip Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/230482/banana-chocolate-chip-bread/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease a 9x5-inch loaf pan, preferably glass. Mix flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir bananas, milk, and cinnamon in another bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Beat sugar and butter together in a third bowl with an electric mixer until light and fluffy; add eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir banana mixture into butter mixture; mix in flour mixture until just blended. Fold in chocolate chips; pour batter into the prepared loaf pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 70 minutes. Cool in the pan for 10 minutes before removing to cool completely on a wire rack before slicing. otdash Meredith Food Studio Slice and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
I tried this and it was amazing. Very moist. I did tweak a little by adding vanilla, nutmeg, 1/2 cup of brown sugar and 1/2 cup of white sugar and two kinds of chocolate chips, semi sweet and dark chocolate. My family can't stop eating it. I didn't have cinnamon (ikr?) So I used maple syrup.  Mine came out very moist.  Dunno about all the haters out there saying it wasn't. Best banana cake recipe! Easy to follow and tasty! This recipe was easy to follow but the bread was not as moist as I had hoped. The cooking time seemed too long so I shortened it to 60 min. The colour was good but the bread was quite dry. I used whole wheat flour . It was a bit heavier with the ww flour, but still really good!Be sure you don't overcook: my was baked in about half the time because of convection. I added a couple shots of dark rum for some extra flavor and moisture… highly recommended! I found for me, cooking for 70 mins seems to over cook it. But 60 mins seems to work just right. I made muffins and it came out pretty good Oh my goodness- I thought I had found the perfect banana bread recipe (vanilla pudding and sour cream), and the same amount of butter!  But noooo- this recipe is way simpler and even more delicious!    Thank you so much for this!  The only change that I made is that I substituted 1 cup of brown sugar for the white sugar.  Also, I used a metal loaf pan and baked it at 350 degrees for 35 minutes. sometimes I add walnuts
