Texas Sheet Cake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/23056/texas-sheet-cake-v/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 10x15-inch jelly roll pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Make cake: Combine flour, sugar, baking soda, and salt in a mixing bowl. Beat in sour cream and eggs. otdash Meredith Food Studio Melt butter in a saucepan over low heat. Stir in water and cocoa powder. Bring mixture to a boil then remove from the heat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Allow to cool slightly, then stir cocoa mixture into the flour and egg mixture until blended. Pour batter into the prepared pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. While the cake is baking, make icing: Combine milk, cocoa powder, and butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bring to a boil, then remove from heat. Stir in confectioners' sugar and vanilla, then fold in walnuts, mixing until blended. otdash Meredith Food Studio Spread icing over warm cake. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
I thought this was a 5 star finished product, but it takes way longer than 10 min. prep time, melting the butter/cocoa to a boil takes at least that. Make this your first step, so it can be cooling while you deal with the dry ingredients, etc. Rather than struggling to blend eggs and sour cream into a lot of dry stuff, whisk them together separately, and add gradually while running the mixer on Stir for very short periods of time, then add the lukewarm cocoa mix (too hot and you might curdle the batter). Finish by hand. All told, it took 30 to 40 min. to get it in the oven, which is really where the ease begins. It cooks quickly and you don't have to stay up all night waiting for it to cool so you can ice it. Take the time to scale it if your pan is bigger, it is tricky to do the math but it will make a difference, you won't end up with a big flat chocolate cracker. The pan size in the text is 10X15 but the pan size in the header is different; use the 10X15 size. Multiply pan dimensions to give you sq. in. (150 for this recipe; my pan was 192). Divide your pan area by 150, and multiply the result by 35 servings. This tells you what number to plug into the servings box; hit scale and it will automatically do the conversion for you. Odd stuff like 2 1/2 eggs can be rounded to 3 without catastrophe (I did it). Or just go buy a new 10X15 pan.:)PS-sift the sugar for the icing after measuring and before mixing, for no white lumps. Love this cake.  I have made prior and used Buttermilk instead of milk and sour creamIf no buttermilk I did 1 tbsp white vinegar for every 1 cup of milk.  Always tasted great, Melt in your mouth .. YUMMY! This has been a life-saving recipe for me.  I live in Central America and very few people bake, normally cooking over wood stoves.  So I get invited to cook a lot.  Yesterday someone had to back out of an event, so I offered to host it, but that means baking.  Early this morning I started baking a double batch of sheet cake.  Some common ingredients are hard to find here, most especially sour cream, so I used natural Greek yoghurt, which works just fine.  I usually use coffee instead of water in chocolate cakes to add an additional level of flavor and richness, and the acid in it works well with baking soda.  I cut the sugar by a third, because the first time I made this it was too sweet for us.  I used regular cake pans because I can't fit two jelly roll pans in my oven.  They baked up nice and light.  No walnuts, but coconut in the frosting worked really well, and a sprinkle on top was really pretty.  Now we see how it freezes.  I have a whole one left.e Wonderfully delicious cake.  It is only the first time I have used this recipe I realized I didn't have quite enough sour cream on hand so I incorporated approx. 3 tbsp of cream cheese to make up the difference.   The second go around I will make sure to use the 1/2 cup sour cream and see how that one turns out.Also, I prefer to reduce the typical amount of confectioners' sugar (reducing milk accordingly) in the majority of recipes as I believe that too-sweet frosting often deviates from the flavor and consistency of the cake itself, therefore, I did use less here as well.  I slightly chilled my somewhat thinner frosting so I could control the spread and for errant spillover I placed the pan inside of a larger jelly roll pan.  I then chilled my cake overnight before cutting and storing.  Frosting is all trial and error :-)Excellent full flavored chocolate cake, not too dense, not too airy My mom used to make this cake often, It was always one of my favorites. As an adult and mom, I make this cake often as well , a family favorite and crowd pleaser. This is the best Texas Sheet Cake recipe I have ever made!  Absolutely a crowd pleaser.
