Slow Cooker Apple Cider Braised Pork
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/230568/slow-cooker-apple-cider-braised-pork/
Season pork with salt and black pepper. Heat oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add pork; sear on all sides until browned, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a slow cooker. Add shallots and celery to same skillet over medium heat; cook and stir until begin to soften, 3 to 4 minutes. Pour in apple cider vinegar; cook, scraping up any browned bits, until liquid nearly evaporated, 4 to 5 minutes. Add to slow cooker. Add apple cider, garlic cloves, and bay leaf to slow cooker; cover. Cook on Low until fork-tender but not falling apart, about 6 hours, turning pork every 1 to 2 hours. Transfer pork to a plate; cover loosely with foil. Strain cooking liquid through a fine-mesh-sieve, discarding solids, into a large saucepan over high heat. Bring sauce to a boil, then decrease heat and cook, skimming fat from top, until reduced to 1/4 of original volume, about 10 minutes. Off heat, stir Dijon mustard and cayenne pepper into sauce; slowly whisk in cold butter until incorporated. Sprinkle in fresh herbs; season with salt and black pepper. Cut pork into 1/4-inch thick slices. Serve with sauce.
Yet Another "Chef John" Favorite! We tried this recipe for our Sunday Dinner last night and it was a Huge Hit! The meat was fall apart tender and absolutely Delicious! We followed the recipe exactly as stated. On a side note, this could also work for an easy weeknight meal, using some super thick chops and less cider. This recipe has earned a spot in the regular rotation. Way too much vinegar in the recipe, it was very tangy. Don’t know if I’d make it again…. 🫤 This is absolutely delicious with the sweet from the cider and onions nicely balanced with the tartness of the vinegar and the mustard.There are just two of us, so we went with two large, thick-cut pork chops and adjusted the rest of the recipe to half. We had a grainy Dijon on hand, so we used that. In the end, we wished we had more sauce so next time we'll do the full recipe for the sauce. We did this stove top and braised about an hour. This was super easy to prepare and everyone loved the sauce. My crock pot must run very hot because even on low my pork was falling apart at 4 hours.  This is a tasty dish but not quite elegant enough for company.  Next time, I may try adding some diced apple when I reduce the sauce to add a little texture and more apple flavor. No changes.  Perfect the way it's shown. Absolutely LOVED this recipe!I had two pork shoulder roasts in the freezer (Costco, ya know?)Did one yesterday and it was such a hit I’m making the same again today! That is a true first, as my husband usually cooks the meat and I just chop the veg!!Thank you! Tried this as a way to use up my apple cider.  The meat was delicious and fall off the bone tender.  I used a 5 lb boneless roast which worked fine.  I was hoping for just a little more of the cider flavor?!  But thinking that the leftovers should soak in the juices and be even better. Served with sauerkraut and mashed potatoes and it was great! YUMMY!!!  My family LOVED this recipe and said it’s definitely a do over! The whole point of this is to create the sauce properly.  Unbelievably good if you take the time to reduce it until an almost syrupy consistency.  I cooked the whole thing the previous day and chilled the liquid.  Easy to remove the fat prior to reducing the cooking liquid.  Great result. When make again will decrease amount of apple cider vinegar.  But still good but would prefer it to be less tart.  The sauce cooks down to 1/4 very nicely.
