Venison Stroganoff
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/23060/venison-stroganoff/
Season venison with garlic powder, salt, and pepper; set aside. Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Sauté onion in the hot skillet until soft and translucent. Add venison and cook until all sides are browned. Drain excess grease. Stir in condensed soup, reduce heat to low, and bring to a simmer. Meanwhile, bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook noodles in boiling water until tender yet firm to the bite, 8 to 10 minutes. When noodles are almost done cooking, stir sour cream into venison mixture. Drain noodles and transfer to a rimmed serving dish. Pour venison mixture over hot, cooked noodles to serve.
I'm an avid hunter and have been making a version of this recipe for years. I like to lightly dust venison backstraps medallions (1/4" thick) in flour, then follow the recipe as is. I also do add a touch of dry sherry during the browning process to really give it a kick. Delicious and heathly meal. Enjoy! It would be absolutely delicious just the way the recipe says. But I marinated the venison in olive oil soy sauce granulated garlic salt pepper and lemon for about a half an hour ahead of time. And I also added a half teaspoon of cumin before I added the soup. It was amazing! But again, it would have been unbelievably tasty just the way the recipe is printed! Thank you guys! EASY...minimum cookware needed/quick cleanup and OHHH SOOO delicious! I did add some oyster mushrooms bought at farmers market otherwise made exactly as noted. It's only me but this will be a repeat dinner I make for myself or when I have company. Onion Powder instead of Onions Left the onions out for the kids. Used GRILL MATES SMOKEHOUSE MAPLE seasoning with a healthy amount of garlic powder. No salt or pepper added. Super good!!! I changed mine up quite a bit. I made the dish with bow tie noodles instead of egg noodles and I substituted cream of celery  because we aren't a fan of mushrooms. I added chopped onion chopped garlic from the glass jar 1 tbs worth a dash of  garlic& onion powder and lastly lots of pepper & salt.It turned out great but it was my first time cooking this dish as well as cooking venison so if I could change anything I did it would be to leave it out longer to thaw & to marinate the venison before hand so the meat itself had more flavor & was a little more tender. Also add a half pound more of meat because the noodles to meat ratio was clearly not equal. Great and easy to make. The kids loved it! Made this and it was a winner.  I did some slight tweaks however.  I do prefer a hearty flavor and while it is venison, I did add 2 teaspoons of beef bouillon powder to the sauce, along with canned mushrooms.  This is a keeper of a recipe for sure! I put an envelope of Lipton onion soup in for an extra bit of taste with this recipe. Came out perfect! Turned out amazing!  I added a little soy sauce for a little more flavor. Definitely making again.
