Mayo Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/230620/mayo-chicken/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Place chicken pieces into a 9x13-inch baking dish. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir together mayonnaise, garlic, rosemary, salt, and black pepper in a bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Spread mayonnaise mixture over chicken; top with Parmesan cheese. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 1 hour and 10 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
I made this tonight and it was a hit. I did make one change, I substituted plain Greek yogurt for the mayonnaise as I abhor mayo (yes, my mother wondered where she went wrong ;). The substitution was delicious. I used skinless, boneless chicken breasts and needed only 30 minutes to cook (pound the thicker side to make a more evenly thick piece). I will definitely make this again. All I had was boneless chick. breasts. Be sure to spread only a light coating of the mayo mixture otherwise it just sits there. Too gloppy for my taste. Otherwise the chicken was moist and had a good flavor. I'll try it again. Unique with the mayo. Have heard of this in the past, so thought I would try it last night on the grandkids (ages 2 and 10).  Everyone loved it.  Had 3 huge boneless chicken breasts that I cut in half horizontally.    Used Italian seasoning instead of the thyme.  Came out perfect and everyone loved it.  Will do again, and soon. This recipe is fantastic.  I am low carb and this has become a “go-to” for me. Easy and tasty!   I used skin on, bone in, chicken thighs, garlic powder equal to 4 cloves because I love garlic , oregano because I don’t like rosemary and 3/4 cup grated Parmesan. All I taste is mayo. I can't even taste anything else. Do not recommend. Usually our baked chicken comes out dry.  This time I used chicken with the skin and spread the mayonnaise mix under the skin so the moisture stays on the chicken.  My husband and I loved it! Very tasty
