My Favorite Pot Roast
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/230980/my-favorite-pot-roast/
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Heat vegetable oil in a Dutch oven over medium heat. Cook roast in hot oil until browned on all sides, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Mix together brown sugar, salt, mustard, and black pepper in a small bowl; sprinkle evenly over roast. Arrange potatoes, carrots, and onion in the Dutch oven around roast. Pour vinegar and water over vegetables. Cover and cook in the preheated oven until roast is hot in the center and just turning from pink to grey, about 4 hours. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 150 degrees F (65 degrees C).
A busy day made pot roast the perfect choice. I used a two-pound chuck roast but the full amount of the sugar-mustard mix and the full amount of vinegar and water in a slow cooker on high for 5 hours. I think you really cannot mess this one up. It is my new favorite. The meat was tender after cooking 4 hours.   My husband loves potatoes with a roast, but he was not a fan of the sour taste the vinegar gave the potatoes.  I like vinegar in almost anything, but even I did not like the sour taste of the potatoes.  Didn't notice it as much in the carrots.  I only used half the vinegar.  Probably won't make this again... Sorry. The meat was delicious! It was nice blend of sweet and savory. I used apple cider vinegar. When I do it again, I’ll add the veggies about half way through. They were a bit over done for my taste, and bit more liquid. Definitely a winner though This was my first attempt at a pot roast and this recipe looked perfect. Loved it, the whole family raved about it and asked to save the recipe.I did leave some seasonings out due to some family allergy; regardless, the flavor was amazing, the veggies and potatoes turned out perfectly, and the pan drippings reduced to a plate-licking gravy.'I've made this once more same as my first go-through and received same praise. Thank you for sharing your recipe, it is saved and will be utilized often. I especially like this recipe as it makes our home smell like my childhood home on some Sundays. I am very happy to have followed this recipe. It remains on my short-list and I enjoy making it. Delicious! I used red wine instead of water; I'll do that next time, too. Gravy was excellent. Whole thing easy, too. What's not to like? Added 2 stalks celery, sliced.Would try adding more potatoes and carrots next time.Replaced water/vinegar with 10.5oz can beef broth.Came out delicious, but not much broth remained when finished.Would add more water or broth next time (maybe try the vinegar?) It was delicious. I added Worcestershire and red wine, and cooked it in the crockpot. My whole family loved it! Excellent flavor and enjoyed by all. Definitely will be making this again.Thanks for the recipe. Flavor is good but it sucked up all the liquid and scorched the outside of the meat. Will have to double liquid next time. I substituted wine & broth for the vinegar and water.  Had a 3-lb roast, so I only cooked it 3-1/2 hours.  It turned out great.
