Keema Aloo (Ground Beef and Potatoes)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/231026/keema-aloo-ground-beef-and-potatoes/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat olive oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion; cook and stir until soft and beginning to brown, about 12 minutes. If browned bits of onion are stuck to the bottom of the pan, add water and stir to loosen. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir ground beef, garlic, ginger, serrano chile, and cilantro into the pan; cook and stir until beef is browned and crumbly, 10 to 15 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-low. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in coriander, salt, cumin, cayenne pepper, and turmeric; cook and stir until flavors blend, about 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add potatoes and tomatoes; cover and simmer until potatoes are tender, about 15 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in green peas and cook until sauce has slightly thickened and flavors have blended, 10 to 15 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Sprinkle garam masala over top, cover, and let stand for 5 minutes before serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I've been wanting my family to start liking Indian food but they've always found the curries to be a bit strong. This Recipe is perfect starting point. They all loved it. So here's my fiendish plan (as I laugh maniacally ): gradually over the next 5 years I'll add more and more curry powder and by the end of the 5 years they'll be begging for vindaloo! DELISH! I serve with onion & tomatoes, finely chopped boiled egg, banana & cream  sambals  and of course Mrs balls chutney prepare to enjoy Will make again, Maybe cut the cayanne a bit and increase the cumin a little. Could add more peas, maybe double This was actually really good. I used a little less cayenne and it was spicy enough for me. I also added the garam masala toward the end of the cooking time instead of after it was cooked.  The potatoes took a little longer to cook than stated but overall this was a great dish. Served with rice and sautéed baby bok Choy. I added a couple of handfuls of spinach.  I didn't have canned tomatoes so I added a bunch of chopped fresh tomatoes and some beef broth to make it wet enough to cook the potatoes.  It was delicious and just the right amount of spice. I think I'll go with a little less ginger next time, because it was a bit overpowering. Very nice heat from the cayenne and Serrano. Only used one (14.5 oz) can of tomatoes and felt th heat was enough. Most excellent with warm Naan. So flavorful with just the right amount of heat.  I made this 4 yrs ago then lost the recipe.  Fortunately it came up in my memories on FB today so I'm making it tonight! This is a favorite of ours! Easy to make and so flavorful. My hubby always goes for seconds. Loved the spice combination. Subtle hot.  Could not find Garam Masala so made my own.
