Caldo de Pollo
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/231097/caldo-de-pollo/
Gather the ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place chicken legs into a large stockpot; pour water over chicken. Add minced garlic, salt, and garlic powder. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cover and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce to a simmer and cook until chicken meat falls off the bones, 1 to 2 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in chicken bouillon cube until dissolved; add carrots, potatoes, zucchini, chayote, and white onion. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until carrots and potatoes are tender, 45 minutes to 1 hour. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir chopped cilantro into soup. Simmer for 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
I am definitely going to try this recipe as I love homemade soups but I'm just curious, the picture shows corn on the cob and cabbage and yet neither is listed in the recipe......but I will definitely try it and since I love cabbage I will add it as well. My recipe is a little different, but this is very close! I serve with rice on top. It’s my favorite soup Very easy and flavorful. I unfortunately didn't use zucchini because hubby purchased a cucumber instead lol I cook this in 2 stages.  First, the chicken, water, bouillon, garlic, celery and onion.  I let it refrigerate overnight so the fat floats to the top and hardens and I can more easily skim it off.  Then I heat it back up and add the veggies (otherwise they could get too soggy).To me, what really makes this dish, including flavor, is having condiment bowls to add the following on top of the soup once it is served (plus, it’s fun): finely chopped white onion, chopped avocado and fresh cilantro, and lime wedges for squeezing the house into the soup. Traditional caldo de pollo where I live in South Texas has corn cobbettes and cabbage wedges. Vegetables are usually chunky and on the larger side. Soooo good and better the next day, IF you have leftovers. Cilantro makes a huge difference (unless you need to leave it out). Serve with pickled jalapenos and warm tortillas. Compliments to the author! I made a half recipe and changed a couple of things. As a latina woman it helped boost me in the right direction to having a dish that reminded me of hone. The things I added that made the dish even better. 2 bay leaves, 1 whole bullion cube instead of half, oregano, chili powder, paprika, onion powder, half a serrano pepper, corn on the cob and cabbage. Add the seasonings and bullion cube in the beginning when you boil the chicken. The chicken will absorbed the flavor better. So yummy !!! My daughter wanted seconds. OMG!! This is my new favorite soup! Complete hit with my family. The only adjustments I made was using fresh chopped garlic & half of the white onion called for into the pot when boiling the chicken and increased the chicken bullion to a cube and half. Also put a spoon full of fresh chopped cilantro anda spoon full of fresh diced diced jalapeno to each bowl right before serving. Also seasoned the broth with salt and pepper onion power and broth during cook time. Amazing Recipe! Great recipe!! I added mini corn on the cobs,( by the way were frozen)and steamed white rice which worked perfectly with the enhancing flavors of the soup !! 🔥🔥🔥🔥😋😋 I added corn on the cob, celery and a can of diced tomatoes! My Spaniard  great grandmother made it like this with Mexican rice and corn tortillas!!!
