Spinach Lasagna Roll Ups
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/231072/spinach-lasagna-roll-ups/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook lasagna noodles in boiling water, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 8 minutes. Drain; lay noodles flat onto a flat surface. Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add garlic; cook and stir until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Transfer garlic to a large bowl. Add spinach, ricotta cheese, mozzarella cheese, and salt; stir until evenly combined. Spread a heaping 1/4 cup spinach mixture into middle of each lasagna noodle. Roll noodle firmly around filling; arrange in a baking dish. Pour spaghetti sauce over rolls. Cover dish with aluminum foil. Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes. Remove foil; continue baking 5 minutes more. Sprinkle Parmesan cheese over rolls to serve.
Pretty good. I omitted the extra teaspoon of salt and instead of cooking fresh garlic, I just added wet garlic to the cheese mix. I didn’t have a 14 oz. jar of pasta sauce, so I mixed what I had: 8 oz. can of tomato sauce, 6 oz. can of tomato paste, and 1 Tbsp. of dried Italian seasoning. I fit the 8 roll-ups in a 9x9 square dish and as a main dish, this recipe made 2.5 servings in this house. I like to add sautéed mushrooms for a little protein. Sometimes I use Alfredo sauce instead of a red sauce. This recipe is so easy to alter! Otherwise, I love this recipe. I did some things to the ricotta mozzarella mix…I added a little basil, thyme and oregano…I had some lemon zest left from another recipe so I added that instead of salt and I beat an egg into the mix because I was so enjoying the brilliant orange yolks in this dozen and I had seen other lasagna that had some eggs…we used fresh spinach sautéed in the garlic oil…yum! These are good. I've sometimes made this dish as a traditional lasagna in a pan without rolling up the noodles. Only change was fresh spinach cooked and chopped, 1/2 lb. cooked bulk sausage added to cheese mixture plus one egg. Only had 7 noodles left so mine were very full. I put noodles in hot, hot water in a baking pan to semi cook.  Excellent, easier than making traditional lasagna. Hate to admit, I used Paul Newman’s Marinara sauce but it was gooood! This is a keeper.7/22 changes to todays dish. I used 12 strips, 1 lb. container of Ricotta, cup + mozzarella, 2 eggs, parm cheese. Prefer fresh spinach, frozen too messy. I made a bolognese sauce with sausage instead of jarred marinara. This was ‘best ever’. Loved it!!! I did half the salt and doubled the garlic. This is especially good if you chop up some fresh basil leaves and add them to the ricotta mixture. I think homemade ricotta is especially good as well if you're daring to do this as I did. The few simple basic ingredients is what makes it so good. 1 teaspoon of salt is a lot! I added just a smidge instead and thought they turned out really good. Can't wait to do other fixings in them. Pretty good. I didn’t have jarred spaghetti sauce so I made my own using roasted garlic, tomato sauce,tomato paste,fresh basil and sea salt. I used a little more ricotta and added a pinch of fresh parmigiana. I would definitely make this again. I like lots of filling, so only 4 noodles with all that filling serves 2 of us with 1 roll leftover.  I steam some fresh spinach (with a little sautéed garlic) and also brown 1 lb of unseasoned ground pork to mix with half the sauce and layer on top of the spinach/ricotta before rolling.  Super easy to make the fillings and even the noodles to the day before for a quicker weeknight meal.
