Sausage, Potato and Kale Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/231287/sausage-potato-and-kale-soup/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat a large soup pot over medium-high heat. Crumble sausage into the pot; cook and stir until browned, about 10 minutes. Drain and discard grease. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir half-and-half, potatoes, chicken broth, milk, onion, oregano, and pepper flakes into sausage, and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer until potatoes are tender, about 30 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Season with black pepper. Stir in kale; simmer until kale is tender, 10 to 15 more minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
I subbed hot turkey Italian sausage, omitted the pepper flakes, and used Yukon gold potatoes. These were my only alterations from the recipe. As far as the directions go, my potatoes were done in 15 minutes, and I did not add any milk or half and half until the end of the cooking, when I allowed them to heat through, but not boil. This has an amazing aroma as it cooks, and it is a hearty, satisfying soup. Do not be concerned by the lack of added salt, because the broth and sausage are salty enough to flavor the whole batch. DH and DS approved! Zuppa Toscana.  It's practically a wi ter staple here.  My only changes are sagevsausage rather than Italian- personal preference, no onion - roommate hates it and no oregano - I just don't like it.  So, so good Wow!!! I wish I hadn’t added the pepper flakes. I added less than the recipe called for, but still pretty spicy. I think I’ll add more milk and chicken stock and maybe instant mashed potatoes to thicken it. I’d make if again! Decent Easy and super delish.  I use the hot Italian and skip the pepper flakes.  100% awesome.  served with a crusty bread and enjoy! I’ve made this a few times now, I always swap out the half and half for what ever non dairy I have in the fridge or more broth, but then I add instant mashed potatoes to thicken the broth up. Works like a charm. I tried Kale soup before but not this recipe.  Very easy to make and taste greatMy husband didn't want any, but ended eating a bowl and really enjoyed it.  Great flavor! I added Tony’s Creole seasoning and omitted the milk and used extra broth. Delicious.
