Greek Seasoning Blend
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/231228/greek-seasoning-blend/
Gather the ingredients. Place salt, garlic powder, basil, oregano, cinnamon, black pepper, parsley, rosemary, dill, marjoram, cornstarch, thyme, and nutmeg in a small bowl; mix well. Transfer to an airtight container for storage.
We use a LOT of Cavender's in this house, and this seasoning blend is just as good-- in fact, it's better! Per the optional instructions, I blended the mix into a fine powder (using a food processor). Freshly blending the dried herbs and spices in small batches makes for a wonderfully pungent and flavorful seasoning for just about anything. I considered making a large batch of it, but I like the idea of making the suggested amount as needed; it'll last about a week in our kitchen, and it's totally worth making a new batch every few days in order to get that "just ground" flavor.I used this recipe as a seasoning for grilled chicken breasts today, and the flavor was fantastic. I'm fairly confident we won't be buying the big "C" again any time soon. Thanks for a great recipe! This is a great great seasoning recipe. I however don't like too much saltiness so if you're the same, use half the salt. My compliments to the poster! Flavors so warm they remind me of fall!What a fun recipe to make!!I hit the spice rack in from my pantry and stayed there throughout this recipe.  I confess I didn’t even know my pantry was marjoram deficient.   Not to worry, it’s on my shopping list now.Because of the rosemary and thyme, I decided to use the spice grinder and grinder all the ingredients.I didn’t have any store-bought Greek seasoning and of course turned to Allrecipes and found this gem.Here is what I used my new lively and heart-warming-thinking-of-fall Greek seasoning blend for:  https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/280227/air-fryer-salmon-for-one/ Used on another recipe on this site, Greek-Inspired Seared Pork Chops.  It was very good, I will make this blend again in the future. Cost SavingsI had to sub the Marjoram and Sage and Thyme with 2 tsp of Herb de Provenance spice blend.  Great mixture and a staple in my pantry. I just blended a batch of this seasoning as I'm caramelizing onions for a one pan dish with chopped meat from fresh rotisserie chicken. I used cilantro and lemon crystals and sage in place of dill weed snd marjoram spices.I'm only using half of the chicken, so how much seasoning do I use at a time? I needed Greek Seasoning for a recipe, stopped at two stores, neither of which had it, and I wasn’t about to go on a road trip to find it. Granted, there are a lot of bottles to pull out of the pantry, but these ingredients are always in my pantry (but regular oregano, not Greek), so I saved some $$$$ by mixing up my own.  I scaled the recipe in half just to give it a try, and it filled my spice bottle about half full.  It’s nice to be able to mix up a fresh batch rather than having a bottle sit on the shelf for a long time losing flavor, and it turned out satisfactory. I make this spice recipe all the time, have been for over think 5 years going strong, I make 2 batches one with salt and one without, it is natural. A great receipe I recommend many to use ...Thank you
