Best Turkey Meatloaf
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/231380/best-turkey-meatloaf/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a rimmed baking sheet. Mix ground turkey, crushed crackers, milk, onion, egg, garlic, salt, and black pepper in a bowl. Shape mixture into a loaf and place on the prepared pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio To make the glaze: Mix ketchup, brown sugar, and Worcestershire sauce in a bowl. Set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake meatloaf in preheated oven for 30 minutes; remove from the oven and drain off liquids. Top meatloaf with prepared ketchup glaze. otdash Meredith Food Studio Return loaf to the oven and continue baking until no longer pink in the center, about 30 minutes more; an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 160 degrees F (71 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
This recipe makes fabulous turkey meatballs. I cut down the salt by half, used bread crumbs instead of butter crackers and sauteed the onion and garlic. Cooked the meatballs in a frying pan. Placed meatballs in a baking dish close to one another and covered with sauce. Broiled until sauce bubbled for a couple of minutes. My first attempt at turkey meatloaf.  Simple, easy prep, delicious! Served with cheesy rice & broccoli and pea salad. used bread crumbs and 2 eggs. Was good but a little  on the mushy side. This meatloaf is moist and tasty. The recipe is easy to follow. I finally found a way to prepare ground turkey and actually like it! To start, I used saltine crackers (that’s what I had readily available). I then season my ground turkey with what the recipe calls for along with my own touch of: 1 packet of onion soup mix, all-purpose seasoning, and garlic salt with parsley. I eyeballed it. I was skeptical about adding milk but I know baking is a science so I added it; I believe the milk helps it maintain moisture during the cooking process. I also did the glaze as listed. This recipe was easy and delicious! Thank you!!! I didn't have any "round crackers," so I used Panko crumbs and it was still excellent! Turkey Meatloaf  is usually very bland, not this one, absolutely love it !!!! I modified a couple of things but otherwise followed the recipe exactly. I sauteed my onion, till slightly golden with no seasoning, then added garlic in a  cleared out spot in the middle of a pan, till golden. Evenly mixed the garlic and onion then placed on a paper towel to drain off oil. I followed the meatloaf part exactly adding my sauteed onion and garlic. The sauce I used 1/2 of 1/8 a cup of brown sugar (1/4 of what this recipe called for) I used 1.5 tbsp of Worcestershire and a couple of dashes of  hot sauce. The family loved the recipe. This recipe is very forgiving.  If you don't have crackers, bread crumbs works great too!  Always a family favorite!
