Easy Crispy Baked Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/231367/easy-crispy-baked-chicken/
Gather all ingredients and preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Grease a large baking dish. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix together crushed crackers, seasoned salt, and garlic powder in a shallow bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Dip chicken breasts into melted margarine, then press into cracker mixture until coated. Arrange chicken in the prepared baking dish. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until chicken breasts are no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, 45 to 60 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (75 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
This was WONDERFUL exactly as written. In my opinion "Steph D" shouldn't have bothered writing a review because she didn't make THIS recipe. That is absolutely unacceptable!! People, please rate a recipe on its merits - and, if you chose to change it for any reason, it's fine to share those AS SUGGESTIONS but certainly NOT as a criticism of the original recipe. Shame!! I made it but used butter instead of margarine. Added an egg to the butter and coated the chicken with Panko. So I guess I didn’t really follow the recipe but it inspired me to use what I had and it turned out great!  Thanks for the inspiration!  I’m a widower and trying to learn. Used 1 small breast and butterflied, cooked in Ninja at 400 on bake, it was overdone after 20 minutes, should have gone 15.  Served with linguine and a red sauce with mushrooms, pretty good. This recipe is 100% worthwhile and super delicious! It's juicy and crispy at the same time. I didn't have seasonal salt, so I just used salt with pepper and onion powder, and instead of margarine, as I didn't have butter either, I used avocado oil. The flavors would be enhanced if you squeezed a lemon wedge on it fresh out the oven :)   Also I used a wire oven rack so it had plenty of airflow and didn't get soggy with a pan on the rack below to catch the juices. Try it with Ritz Crackers -yummy A little egg for the crumb to stick onto the chicken would be wise.  In the end, this creates a dry chicken breast in desperate need of an accompanying sauce. It was great and easy Very easy & crunchy!  I upped the seasonings, will add even more next time. I disagree with Kimbec who has been posting the came complaint for a long time.  I read the reviews to see if there are any helpful tweaks.  Some recipes have minor flaws or lacks that are easily remedied. Also one of the headings says OK with tweaks.  So folks, tweak away and let me know about it.
