Turkey in a Bag
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/23157/turkey-in-a-bag/
Gather all ingredients. llrecipes/Oana Enni Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Remove and discard giblets. llrecipes/Oana Enni Rinse turkey and pat dry. llrecipes/Oana Enni Season turkey with salt and pepper. llrecipes/Oana Enni Sprinkle the bottom of the turkey bag with flour. llrecipes/Oana Enni Place turkey in the bag and add celery and onions. llrecipes/Oana Enni Seal the bag and transfer into a roasting pan; poke several holes in the bag with a fork. llrecipes/Oana Enni Bake in the preheated oven until turkey is cooked and the juices run clear, about 3 to 3 1/2 hours. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thigh meat should read 180 degrees F (85 degrees C). llrecipes/Oana Enni llrecipes/Oana Enni Enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
I rubbed the turkey down with butter, sprinkled with paprika, put the apple, sage and rosemary on the inside, and the celery and onion in the bag, and was WONDERFUL!!! I don't even like dark meat, but the flavor was so great, I ate it too! I made this.  I have been making my Thanksgiving turkeys in the bag for years. I stuff my turkey with bread stuffing and use your method. LOVE this method. PLEASE DO NOT DISCARD THE GIBLETS! You can make wonderous dishes with them!Followed the recipe and made the best turkey ever! I don't know what others are talking about soggy skin and overcooked and tasting the bag. It comes out perfectly if you follow the instructions (only difference was the added brining a few hours before baking. I made an oil+salt+pepper mix and brushed it on the turkey all over) If one searches the internet, they can find simple solutions to simple problems. This recipe is a 5/5, coming from someone that is very inexperienced in the culinary arts. Love the recipe! I absolutely love using cooking bags, especially for turkey. Meat stays moist, browns nicely, it saves time - roasting/baking time is much shorter, there’s no basting, it’s trouble free. It’s one less thing to have to deal with, especially for big holiday meals. I am 71 years old and I can't remember not using the roasting bag. I butter the turkey rub it down with  salt, pepper, sage, and orange juices from 1/2 an orange. Put orange zest on it. I then put celery tips (not the celery, for the flavor and aroma),  an onion and the other  1/2 orange in the cavity.  Always juicy and flavorful! I think we grew up cooking things as our parents did, cooking bags were unheard of.. I like cooking old fashion, but I gave this a try. As it is simple and easy. I didn’t find it tasted like the bag. The bake time calls for 3 1/2 hours, but I cannot find a chart indicating the turkey size.Cook time is always based on the size (weight) of the bird. My first time cooking a whole turkey and I was having 25 people over.  I decided to try this recipe, hoping the turkey would turn out moist and not taste dry.  I was pleasantly surprised at how easy it was to prep and cook.  Everyone loved my turkey!! I put a quartered onion (without peeling), a few garlic cloves also in the husk, and a sprig of sage in the turkey cavity.  I also rubbed the outside of the turkey with butter, and an herb mix of sage, rosemary, oregano, and thyme.  I'll definitely use this recipe again the next time I cook turkey. This was a really great, simple recipe.  The only thing I did differently was mince shallot and rub it all over the bird instead of using any other type of onion. The flavor was fantastic and the bird was the juiciest I've ever made! Also I used the brine recipe on allrecipes.com before cooking. Easy to bake method, directions easy to follow. I added a bundle of herbs, buttered the skin and followed the directions from the video. Turkey looks great, the bag did stick to parts of the turkey skin... anyone know how to not have that happen? Also I would have pulled the turkey out  at 170* F not 180 as the rest of the bird is warmer than the thigh meat.
