Authentic Miso Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/231545/authentic-miso-soup/
Heat water in a large pot over low heat. Add kombu and cook until just simmering. Stir in bonito flakes, then remove dashi stock from the heat. Let dashi sit, uncovered, for 5 minutes. Strain and set aside. Heat 3 1/2 cups dashi in a pot over medium heat. Add tofu and wakame and stir to combine. Remove 1 cup warmed dashi to a small bowl and whisk in miso paste. Pour miso mixture back into the pot with remaining dashi. Stir until warmed through. Serve garnished with chopped green onions.
Delicious and fairly quick and easy to make. I was getting sick of the packets of powdered "miso" soup, since there are no Japanese restaurants or Asian grocery stores nearby, so I ordered most of the ingredients online (with the exception of the tofu and green onions). I made this recipe immediately after I got all the ingredients together. So much tastier than the instant stuff you can buy. It was well worth having to hunt down the ingredients and wait for them to arrive in the mail just to make this. I could eat miso every day. I used the shitaki mushrooms idea and added some dried onion as it simmered. Then I added cooked sushi rice as well made a nice hearty meal Wow, this was really authentic and amazing tasting! Such great depth of flavor. I have so much leftover Kombu and Wakame that will definitely be making it again and again! Not too bad, on the salty side This recipe has simple preparation and a quick cook time, but the pay off is abundant! The soup is very flavorful and smooth. I also made a variation with some sliced shitake mushrooms, and it was delicious as well. Soooooo easy & good!  Finally made a miso soup better than my Japanese restaurant :) I tried the recipe with the broth instead of just water and it made it way too salty, otherwise I loved the flavor and textures. I will definitely make it again! So delicious and authentic.  Easy to make. It’s cured my cravings for Japanese food. I added a bag of chopped kale and spinach mix, and enjoyed it very much.  The ONLY thing I would change, would be I would press my tofu so that it soaked up the broth.  Mine was still *raw* tasting, which I still like.... but would have preferred the broth flavor more. I really enjoyed making this soup for my ?ohana (family).  The reaction of their faces said it all!  They said it was as if they were eating in Tokyo, Japan.  Lol.  Amazing how the fish flakes make the brown soup!  Big mahalo’s to the Chinese and Japanese Cultures for introducing miso to the world!
