Pork Lo Mein
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/231523/pork-lo-mein/
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil; cook the linguine at a boil until tender yet firm to the bite, 8 to 9 minutes; drain. Meanwhile, whisk soy sauce, vinegar, cornstarch, sugar, and sesame oil together in a small bowl. Heat canola oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add snap peas and onion; cook and stir until onion is translucent, about 2 minutes. Add pork, mushrooms, red bell pepper, 1/3 of the garlic, and ginger; cook until pork is no longer pink, about 2 minutes. Add remaining garlic to the skillet and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Pour in soy sauce mixture; cook and stir until sauce thickens, about 1 minute. Remove from the heat. Stir linguine into the skillet until coated; sprinkle green onions over top.
If anyone in the US knows great Chinese food, it's New Yorkers, of which I proudly count myself. And this native New Yorker can tell you, this is hands-down the best lo mein I ever put in my mouth! The only changes I made are very minor. No red bell pepper because I'm allergic, and used pork, chicken, and shrimp in place of only pork (making this my own version of "house lo mein".) The flavor lingers pleasantly on the palate, and the sauce enrobes the linguine gently with no trace of gloopiness. Just the right hint of sweetness, not overpowering as so many are. It really doesn't matter what protein you use. The sauce is a symphony of taste, which elevates anything you choose to feature. In my case, said choice was dictated by what was in my fridge. For the pork, I diced up 2 small boneless chops. Loved the liberal use of mushrooms. Bamboo shoots and/or water chestnuts could be successfully added, as well. This recipe needs no tinkering, however, to ensure a virtuosic blend of flavors. Phenomenal! I used this recipe with some left over pork and ready made noodles. Super quick snd easy. My family loved it Doubled recipe for family. Really well balanced flavors I have made this several times as written. Perhaps it is our brand of low sodium soya sauce, I find the sauce too salty and dark. So I use 1/4 cup low sodium chicken broth with 2 TBSP soya and a TBSP of oyster sauce. The rest of the recipe just about the same except I use either egg noodles or chow mein noodles. We love the sweetness of the tender crisp veges. Works well for us I also make this recipe after seeing it Noodles and More!All the Asian flavors you would expect in a simplified recipe that you didn’t anticipate.This dish is a great introduction for beginner cooks to Asian cooking.The prep time, for me, was a bit more than the 15 minutes listed in the recipe.While enjoying eating this dish, I wished for more vegetables and a bit of spice. However, I did have seconds.Since our little family is just the two of us, we had plenty of leftovers.  Therefore, I added 1 cup of chopped zucchini to the leftovers.The only change I made was to use peanut oil vs canola oil.Linguine with savory sauce is so comforting! Followed the recipe, but had to increase the ingredients to accommodate 6 people. Everyone loved it and asked to save the recipe. Will definitely have this again. I liked this recipe but I leave the red pepper out and I just mixed all the garlic, soy, sesame oil, ginger and cornstarch together, fry pork and mushrooms and then add the sauce. I also put 3 tablespoons of brown sugar instead of white sugar. Excellent!!! Excellent recipe. The only change I made was adding cabbage and double the sauce (as many recommended.)
