Pastitsio
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/23159/pastitsio-ii/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13-inch casserole dish. otdash Meredith Food Studio Make the meat sauce: Melt butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add onion and garlic; cook and stir gently until onion is soft, 3 to 5 minutes. Increase heat and add ground beef; cook and stir until browned and crumbly, about 5 minutes. Stir in tomatoes, wine, broth, tomato paste, parsley, cinnamon, salt, pepper, and clove. Cover and simmer over low heat for 20 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Meanwhile prepare the pasta: Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add pasta and cook until tender yet firm to the bite, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour melted butter, 1/4 cup grated cheese, nutmeg, salt, and pepper over pasta; toss well and cool briefly. Add 2 eggs and toss again; set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Make the béchamel: Melt butter in a saucepan over medium-low heat. Add flour; cook and stir for 2 minutes. Pour in milk and bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Season with nutmeg, salt, and pepper. Cool slightly before stirring in 1 cup grated cheese, beaten egg, and egg yolk. Then stir 1/2 cup of béchamel sauce into meat sauce. otdash Meredith Food Studio To assemble pastitsio: Arrange pasta in the bottom of the prepared baking dish so that all of the noodles are nicely lined up and are as level as possible for a great visual effect when serving. Spoon meat sauce over pasta; top with remaining béchamel sauce, spreading evenly. Sprinkle remaining 1/2 cup grated cheese on top. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until bubbling and golden brown on top, about 50 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Let stand for 10 minutes before cutting into squares. otdash Meredith Food Studio
This is an authentic and wonderful recipe, and I have been making it for years. It is out of Tess Mallos’s The Complete Middle Eastern Cookbook. A really wonderful Middle Eastern Cookbook. At the end of this recipe in the last part of the instructions she has, “Sprinkle remaining cheese on top” but she left the amount out. It is 1/2 cup. I really liked this recipe and made only a few changes to work with what I had on hand and to use complete packages/containers.  I sauteed the onion and garlic in olive oil v. butter starting the onion first. I cooked the tomato paste for a minute before adding the crushed tomatoes and broth and added the beef letting the sauce cook for an hour. I only had 2lbs of ground beef and that turned out to be enough.  I used a pound of penne cooked 10min.  I also used half & half v. milk for the bechemel. Baking at 350F for 50min it came out with the golden highlights. Great taste, definitely making this again ! Didn’t straighten out the noodles! And was scared to do the bechemal sauce ! But we made it! It was great. Everyone loved it. I will be making it again. Thank you all recipes. It was very good but way more time consuming then a prep time of 20 minutes. It was definitely worth it. My hubby really enjoyed it as did I. I found the amount of sauce to be adequate w/o making extra as some reviewers said. I think this is the first time I ever made a bechamel sauce and it turned out really good. Next time I woujld allow myself more time to put it together. Took longer than expected to make but so glad I did. Kids and hubby loved it! Served it for New Years Eve dinner and all loved it.  Yes, it is a project, however, I broke it up.  DAY 1:  make the sauce.  I found after sitting that it needed a little more salt.  I put the clove plus a bay leaf in a spice bag so I did not have to hunt for them.  I did use the ground cinnamon.  DAY 2: made the Bechamel using freshly grated Paremsean.  DAY 3:  Made the pasta, assembled, put in fridge, baked and served.  In my oven it took about an hour.  I browned it  a little more under broiler carefully watched. I was looking for something different and this fit the bill. I substituted with ground turkey and spaghetti for the bucatini. My finicky grandson even liked it and had a couple of helpings. Will make this again. I have always liked your recipes. It's a shame that Allrecipes reproduces this recipe almost verbatim from a commercially available cookbook, but to do so without attribution is somewhat sad.  Tess Mallos is the rightful author.The recipe as presented is good, but you should seek out proper pastitsio noodles.  If you have a Greek or European specialty market near you they likely carry them (Misko is a popular brand in Greece), if not they're available over the internet.  Completely different net result, though you're still OK if you make them with a tubular pasta like penne or rigatoni. Just curious -- the recipe shows spaghetti, but the photos show tubular pasta. Which is it? AllRecipes won't let me pos this without a rating, sorry.
