Grandma's Chicken Soup with Homemade Noodles
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/231666/grandmas-chicken-soup-with-homemade-noodles/
Bring chicken stock to a boil; cook chicken breasts at a boil until no longer pink in the center, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove chicken, cool, and cut meat from bone; keep chicken stock at a low simmer. Mix flour and 1/4 teaspoon salt together using the dough hook attachment in the bowl of a stand mixer on Low; add eggs and water, 1 tablespoon at time, until dough holds together. Split dough in half. Roll 1 dough half on a lightly floured surface to 1/8-inch thickness. Cut dough into noodles 2 to 3-inches long x 1/4-inch wide using a sharp knife dipped in flour or a fettuccine pasta cutter. Repeat with other dough half. Return chicken to the simmering stock; add noodles. Season stock with black pepper and 1 pinch salt. Cook soup until noodles are cooked through, 15 to 25 minutes.
This is the same recipe I've always used (just want home to double check my recipe, so I looked this up to find a similar one), but I use milk instead of water...fantastic!!! Also, if you sprinklea thick layer of flour on top then roll up the noodle mixture before cutting, then cut, you can get thinner noodles if you want. Also, I lay the mixer out for a couple hours to dry...evenly on both sides. They hold up better I think. I added a couple stalks of celery diced small and a few carrots and garlic to it , was so wonderful !! I used this recipe for the noodles.  I made homemade turkey stock and wanted to take it a step further and make turkey noodle soup from scratch. The noodle recipe states 2 Tbls water which was not nearly enough so I kept adding until the flour formed a ball. The dough seemed tough and difficult to rollout. However, even though my noodles ended up up a bit thick they were delicious.  I did let them dry with a little extra dusting of flour and then voiled them in a heavily salted pot of water bor 10+ mins before adding to the soup. Rave reviews. I will definitely make these noodles again. Great base for a chicken noodle soup. Saute thin slices carrots and diced onion, minced garlic in olive oil first. Add stock. Cooked ckn breast in instant pot then shredded.  As for the noodles, add 1/2 tsp salt and another tbsp or two water. Slice super skinny noodles, they fatten up! How can I convert this to an instant pot recipe? I love it and would like to try it that way as well! This is a great base recipe. I added carrots and celery, thyme, and parsley. This is a great noodle recipe, though for this recipe you will end up with a pot of noodles and a small amount of broth. I would add more broth, or cut back on the noodles. I love noodles, so it was mostly a bowl of noodles for me which was great. Would have given five stars but I think it would have been a bit bland without a couple basic spices.  I also added some corn starch near the end to thicken it up as my grandma's soup was always like gravy (yum!). I did add onions carrots & celery.  I made the noodles "by hand" old school style, put the egg in the middle of the flour and they turned out great!  Used leftover turkey & stock from Thanksgiving, yum! Yummy! I loved the recipe got me to where I was trying to go. Added chicken bouillon and Italian seasoning with the flour before mixing. I made this in the crockpot!! Super good! I also added carrots (4), celery (4) and garlic (2 cloves). I didn’t have enough room for it all in my 4qt crockpot so I’d definitely recommend either half the ingredients or put it into into two crockpots! Unless you have a nice big crockpot of course! The noodles were amazing!! I also used 7 Tbs of water and lots of flour when rolling out!! Loved this recipe and will be making it again!
