Chicken Souvlaki with Tzatziki Sauce
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/231644/chicken-souvlaki-with-tzatziki-sauce/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Prepare kabobs: Combine olive oil, garlic, lemon juice, oregano, and salt in a large resealable bag. Add chicken, coat with the marinade, squeeze out excess air and seal the bag; marinate in the refrigerator for 2 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio Prepare sauce: Mix yogurt, cucumber, olive oil, vinegar, garlic, and salt together in a bowl. Refrigerate sauce for flavors to blend, 1 to 2 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio Soak wooden skewers in a bowl of cold water for about 15 minutes. Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil the grate. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove chicken from marinade and thread onto the soaked skewers. Discard unused marinade. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook the skewers on the preheated grill, turning frequently until browned on all sides and chicken is no longer pink in the center, about 7 to 8 minutes per side. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve with tzatziki sauce. Enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
This was very, very good, but I did make some changes. I prepared the marinade exactly as written, but I marinated the chicken pieces for about 5 hours, which was perfect. The tzatziki sauce I had to alter: I substituted lemon juice for the vinegar and added a teaspoon of dried dill weed. I served this as sandwiches, with pita warmed on the grill, sliced red onion and tomatoes. Completely yummy! I have made this a dozen times since I  found the recipe a few months ago.  The marinade is soooo good!  The only change I  make is airfrying the chicken instead of grilling.  Have also used the marinade on butterflied chicken breasts and it works perfectly.  The tzatziki sauce is also wonderful.  The whole family loves this dish! I have made many times with both pork and chicken. Really delicious; two thumbs up from 4 of us who have traveled in Greece recemtly and love Greek food. Also quite easy to make. I did sprinkle the chicken with additional spices right before cooking. (Middle eastern spice blend) Loved it! Served it with greek garbanzo bean salad. I did use store bought tzatziki Tastes just like when I was in Greece. Lemon juice instead of vinegar in the sauce and I also like to add some fresh chopped dill.  This recipe is on the permanent rotation for my picky family! Excellent! I prepared this in my air fryer. Very yummy, but I did add a bit of lemon juice to the tzatziki sauce this recipe is so easy and so good..   It's fresh and light, the only change I made was to use lemon juice in the sauce instead of vinegar. Very simple recipe that turns out perfectly each and every time. Thx for this one.
