Afghani Kabli Pulao
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/231795/afghani-kabli-pulao/
Make the broth: Place halved onion, garlic head, cinnamon stick, cardamom pods, pepper, cumin seed, salt, sugar, paprika, coriander seeds, and cloves into a pressure cooker. Pour in water to cover. Close the cooker securely and place the pressure regulator over the vent according to manufacturer's instructions. Set to high and heat until steam escapes in a steady flow and makes a whistling sound, about 5 minutes. Reduce to medium and cook for 20 minutes. Let the pressure release naturally, about 10 minutes. Unlock the lid and remove. When the broth is almost finished, start the rice: Soak rice in cool water for 5 minutes, then rinse until water runs clear. Strain cooled broth into a bowl. Clean out the pressure cooker, then place over medium heat and add oil. Add onion and garlic to the cooker; cook and stir until softened and browned, 7 to 10 minutes. Stir in carrots and cook until soft, about 3 minutes more. Add strained rice, raisins, almonds, cumin seed, pepper, cardamom powder, and clove. Stir to combine, then pour in enough broth to cover. Close the cooker securely and seal the vent; set to high and heat until the first whistle, 5 to 7 minutes. Reduce to medium and cook for 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and let rest for 7 minutes, then let pressure release naturally, about 10 minutes. Immediately transfer cooked rice to a serving dish to prevent overcooking.
I made this without a pressure cooker, the taste is spot-on! I used both regular raisins and golden raisins. Also soaked my basmati overnight and reduced cook time. Thank you so much for sharing one of my favorite Afghani dishes! This came out really good. It really did take an hour and 39 minutes to make so plan accordingly. I made it exactly as written, but next time I would probably reduce the almonds to 1/4 of a cup. There was too many in the rice. A little less cardamom Ahh this polao brought me back to special gatherings as a kid, though I didn’t know what this one was actually called. I made a shortcut version of this Kabli polao recipe in a rice cooker  with great results. Basically, I skipped the broth and just threw all the raw pulao ingredients into the rice cooker, starting with the (rinsed!) rice and the proper amount of water (for the cooker to make plain steamed rice). It got time to soak while I chopped everything small enough to cook as fast as the rice, since I skipped pre-browning. Added a splash more water to make up for what the drier ingredients would absorb (minus what the watery ones would release). The only tricky part was cross-referencing the broth ingredient list to decide how much to bump up each of the spices and seasonings! Obviously, it would be a disaster to miss the salt, sugar, or cinnamon, but I used my best judgment. I chose to add some whole coriander, cardamom, cloves, and black pepper, and I added ground cinnamon and cardamom. I didn’t use any paprika, because it clashed both in color and taste with my memories. (I’m Bengali, so either the paprika was dropped as the dish traveled southeast, or maybe it traveled to Bengal before the people of Kabul added it and we never got the update.) Anyway, I used my hand to massage the oil into everything before closing the lid and turning on the cook function. When done, it stays on Keep Warm, so you don’t have to think about it until it’s time to eat.It smelled perfect, and tasted great. The rice texture was pretty good, and it got a lovely amount of browning thanks to the oil. Even the onions, which always want to float, picked up color somehow.I’m sure it would have even greater depth of flavor with the broth and proper pre-browning, but because the polao ingredients mostly match what’s in the broth, it’s already really really good. Good enough to serve guests. Someday I’ll pull out the instant pot and try the recipe as written (with the paprika!) but until then, the shortcut version helps me focus on all the other dishes (dals, proteins, vegetables), so they’re not all competing for pressure cooker time or my energy. It was absolutely delicious. My friend served in Afghanistan and ate this dish many times. We cooked it in the pressure cooker which was a bit different.  The only thing we left out was the carrots. Used stove top method and it was amazing! Used it to make Garlic Chicken Bowls so left out carrot and raisins. I made this with my instant pot.  I did the broth on high for 20mins and finally the rice on high for 9 minsTurned out perfect!! I will make this again. I did it on the stove top. Used the stove top method, came out great I made this without a pressure cooker, the taste is spot-on!  I used both regular raisins and golden raisins.  Also soaked my basmati overnight and reduced cook time. Thank you so much for sharing one of my favorite Afghani dishes!
