Apple Cinnamon Pancakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/231971/apple-cinnamon-pancakes/
Place apples in a blender. Add milk, flour, eggs, shortening, baking powder, salt, and cinnamon and blend until well mixed, scraping down sides of blender several times. Heat a lightly oiled griddle over medium heat. Drop batter by large spoonfuls onto the griddle; cook until bubbles form and the edges are dry, about 2 minutes. Flip and cook until browned on the other side, about 1 minute. Repeat with remaining batter.
The taste of these was really nice. Warning - watch the heat of your griddle - I usually use a 1/4 cup measure for pancakes and did so with these but the bottom tries to burn before the top is set which makes flipping them rather messy. After a couple of disasters I started making smaller pancakes, about the size of a silver dollar and that worked much better. I think it is the natural sugar from the apples that causes the quick browning - the smaller size really helped the top to set and make it easier to flip them. I found another recipe that called for mixing the batter in a blender AFTER sautéing the apples in butter, but it didn't have adequate instructions so I was looking to fill in the blanks. This recipe is similar but doesn't call for cooking the apples first. Has anyone tried that?  I'll come back and post my results when I do. Will not be making this again.  The proportions are very wrong. Tasted like salty baking powder. Not worth experimenting to make this right. I didn't have any issues with cooking these. I used my good nonstick skillet, medium heat on my gas stove, and waited until bubbles appeared in the batter to flip them; just like I always have done with pancakes. Hope that helps anyone made nervous by the reviews citing issues with cooking these. My daughter loves apple pie, apple crisp, and now apple cinnamon pancakes. I’ll admit I didn’t try the original recipe first. I read reviews and went with majority. I do regret using the blender for the whole process tho. Next time I’ll use my food processor for the apples and then add all ingredients to my stand mixer bowl. I used 1.5 cups flour, 1 cup milk, 1 large Fuji apple, 2.5 tsp baking powder, 1/4tsp salt, 1.5tsp cinnamon, 5.6TBS melted butter, 2 eggs. Flavor is on point. Trying a lower temp on the griddle for the second batch so the middle cooks. Will definitely play with the basic recipe to find my own. I’ll admit I didn’t try the original recipe first. I read reviews and went with majority. I do regret using the blender for the whole process tho. Next time I’ll use my food processor for the apples and then add all ingredients to my stand mixer bowl. I used 1.5 cups flour, 1 cup milk, 1 large Fuji apple, 2.5 tsp baking powder, 1/4tsp salt, 1.5tsp cinnamon, 5.6TBS melted butter, 2 eggs. Flavor is on point. Trying a lower temp on the griddle for the second batch so the middle cooks. Will definitely play with the basic recipe to find my own. too rubbery and not enough fluff and flavor Instead of shortening, I used 1 small mashed banana and 1/4 cup avocado oil. I only used 1 cup 2% milk and added 1 Tbsp brown sugar and 2 tsp cinnamon. I sprinkled some with more cinnamon when making them and to others I pushed a few blueberries into them. I made them small in size and they cooked beautifully! I added one egg white. they puffed-up amazing.Try  topping with (sour cream sugar mixture) YUM ! YUM !     Happy valentines They turned out OK not quite as brown sugary as I was hoping e I should’ve sprinkled brown sugar on top after flipping them once which I’ll do next time but thanks to the warning about the heat I had it medium high then turned it down to just over medium did small ones & they cooked beautifully
