Honey Glazed Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/231939/honey-glazed-chicken/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Whisk honey, soy sauce, and red pepper flakes in a bowl; set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat; cook and stir chicken in hot oil until lightly brown, about 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour honey mixture into the skillet; continue to cook and stir until chicken is no longer pink in the center and sauce is thickened, about 5 minutes more. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy!
This was really good! I seasoned the chicken with salt, paprika and ground mustard powder as suggested by another reviewer. Then, I browned the chicken in oil and removed from the skillet and added about 4 cups of stir-fry veggies to the remaining oil until heated through. Then I poured in the sauce mixture, which I doubled to accommodate all the added veggies, and added back the chicken and let the sauce reduce some. Finally, I added a little cornstarch mixed with cold water to thicken it a tad. The amount of sauce was perfect to coat all the meat and veggies and mix well with steamed rice on the plate. Yum! So easy to put together and the flavor is amazing!!!  I cooked it with chicken night 1 and shrimp night 2.  Everyone was raving how delicious it was!!!  Thank you so much!!  The request is to have it on the weekly rotation!  I did season my chicken and shrimp in line with the comments.  Delicious! Thank you Easy recipe, I did read the reviews and I added 1 tsp garlic and a punch of fresh ginger to the sauce. Also seasoned the chicken salt,pepper and paprika. Made fried rice to go with. Thanks for the recipe. The recipe is easy to follow and taste is delicious.I made the following two changes in the recipe:1.  Marinated chicken with oil and McCormic's Montreal Chicken Seasoning for 2 hours before cooking.2.  I prepared rice and mixed it with the finished cooking. Loved it. i felt god in my soul when i bit into this it looks exactly like the pictures, super easy, pretty healthy too all things considered Great but with lots of changes. Doubled sauce. Sauté veggies then added sautéed seasoned chicken (garlic powder salt ginger paprika and dry mustard
