Cinnamon Coffee Bars
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/231926/cinnamon-coffee-bars/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 13x9-inch baking dish. Beat shortening and brown sugar with an electric mixer in a large bowl until smooth. Blend egg into the shortening mixture. Add hot coffee and stir. Sift flour, baking powder, cinnamon, baking soda, and salt together in a separate bowl; stir into the shortening mixture. Fold raisins and chopped nuts into the batter; spread into the prepared baking dish. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes. Cool in the pan for 10 minutes before removing to cool completely on a wire rack.
I have just made these twice in the past six days and we love them. I only used 1/2 cup of brown sugar and used white whole wheat flour instead of all-purpose flour. I did add one teaspoon vanilla and baked them in a 9 x 9" pan. The dense texture is wonderful. I'm glad I found your recipe Debbie Borsick. Thank you. Not sure if it was the fact that I doubled the recipe, but mine came out with a more cakey consistency, rather than a bar cookie.  They taste great, but I prefer a cookie texture. I have just made these twice in the past six days and we love them.  I only used 1/2 cup of brown sugar and used white whole wheat flour instead of all-purpose flour.  I did add one teaspoon vanilla and baked them in a 9 x 9" pan.  The dense texture is wonderful.  I'm glad I found your recipe Debbie Borsick.  Thank you. The end product was very dry. I was hoping they would come out with the texture of brownies/blondies, but I still think it was dry for a fruit and nut bar, which is essentially what this was (I didn't add the raisins, but I didn't miss them). Maybe next time I will add another egg or egg yolk. I tripled the amount of cinnamon, and it has an absolutely delightful cinnamon taste. However, I should have increased the amount of coffee I put in, as well, because the bitterness was non-existent (and I used French Roast coffee). Good start, though!
