100% Whole Wheat Pancakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/232131/100-whole-wheat-pancakes/
Whisk flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt together in a bowl. Whisk buttermilk, eggs, and 3 tablespoons oil together in a separate bowl until well combined. Pour wet ingredients into dry ingredients and stir until just combined; batter may seem a bit thick. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a cast iron skillet over medium-low heat for 5 minutes. Working in batches, pour 1/3 cup of batter for each pancake into the hot skillet. Spread batter into circles with a spoon; cook until browned on the bottom and bubbles appear on top, 1 1/2 to 2 minutes. Flip and cook until set in the middle and browned on the other side, about 2 more minutes.
I did not have buttermilk on hand, I soured whole milk with a couple tablespoons lemon juice. I made no other changes. I have made whole wheat pancakes before and know that it takes a bit for the whole wheat flour to suck up some of the additional liquid so I let it sit for five-ten minutes while the griddle preheated. VERY good pancake. Reminds me of the pancakes my dad made for me on Saturday mornings. Kids loved them. We’ve made these for years - it’s the best recipe I’ve found! Lately we’ve been making a vegan version and it comes out just as delicious: oat milk and flax eggs instead of the animal versions. Literally no difference and better than other vegan specific recipes we’ve tried too! We also never have buttermilk, so we just 1Tb white vinegar per cup of milk. Thank you! The best recipe for whole-wheat pancakes to date! I added vanilla. They were great! Thank you for the perfect pancake recipe! We've been searching. We like to leave out the sugar since we put syrup on top and they taste great and are very fluffy without the added sugar. I could tell this would have a bit to much fluid for my liking so, I only used 2 c sour milk, since we were out of buttermilk.  I used 2 Tbls of molasses instead of the sugar due to taste preference with the whole wheat.  Other than that all else the same.  These are some tasty and filling waffles.  Will definitely make again. I used whole milk instead of buttermilk and came out fine Wonderful flavor.  Very light and fluffy.  I like to add blueberries. The buttermilk makes all the difference.  This is my go to pancake recipe, and healthier than many. I forgot to add the oil so I just buttered the pan. They came out great! Not fluffy, but still good pancakes. Everyone enjoyed them. Absolutely delicious!!! This made several more than we can eat today.   How long will they keep in the frig or can they be frozen?
