Easy Slow Cooker Enchiladas
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/232121/easy-slow-cooker-enchiladas/
Crumble turkey into a large skillet over medium heat. Stir onion, bell pepper, and garlic into the turkey. Cook and stir until turkey is completely browned, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the kidney beans, black beans, diced tomatoes, water, chili powder, cumin, salt, and pepper; bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium-low, place a cover on the skillet, and simmer for 10 minutes. Mix Cheddar cheese and Monterey jack cheese together in a bowl. Layer about 3/4 cup of the turkey mixture, 1 tortilla, and 1/2 cup the cheese mixture in the bottom of a 5-quart slow cooker; repeat layers until ingredients are fully used, ending with a cheese layer. Cook on Low until heated through, 5 to 7 hours.
I tried this recipe the other day and it was REALLY good. The photo I added is before I had put it in the crock pot. I suggest adding a little more water while it is cooking because it was pretty dry when it was done. I would try this recipe again.I think it has potential. I would probably not use beans. Other reviews suggested using an enchilada sauce which I might also try. I found this to be a little dry. I tried it without the shells, and just put it in the shells when it was ready to eat, and liked it much better that way. Flavor is excellent, no changes! I had to substitute a few things since I couldn't shop. I made it with ground beef instead of the turkey and had red and yellow peppers. I also used flour tortillas instead of corn. My grandchildren loved it also and I will be making it again. Loved this! I ended up adding lots more of the listed spices according to my personal taste. We are trying to go low carb so I just cooked it on the stovetop and just made turkey taco bowls, did not even use the slow cooker, left out the tortillas.  Everyone really  liked it including the kids and husband!  The kids ate it over a little rice. Had cilantro, salsa, lettuce, sour cream to add as we liked. Turkey had good flavor.  Everyone said I had better cook it again! I have an oval crock pot so I left the tortilla shells out and cut the cook time by one hour, then served the mix with the tortillas. Very good, good flavor, even my bean hating husband liked it This ok i added enchilada souse and taco seasoning to the meat. the tortillas came out slimy and mushy will use Doritos next time  and slasa also added a pablano pepper Burnt and dry. Your recipe certainly needs tweeking. I will make this again and add additional spices, cumin, all of the spices MORE OF THEM.  Otherwise very good.  My layering was different than described (three corn tortillas per layer). 5 hours is plenty of cooking time.  Didn't spray the crock with anything.  Maybe added a bit more liquid last hour of cooking. This was very easy to make and provided a satisfying meal that my husband (the family chef) even enjoyed.  I think he's just happy anytime I cook something giving him the night off!
