Brown Bears
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/232171/brown-bears/
Gather all ingredients. llRecipes / Abbey Littlejoh Mix sugar and cinnamon together in a bowl. Pour melted butter into another bowl. llRecipes / Abbey Littlejoh Separate biscuits; form each dough piece into a rope 4 to 5 inches long. Wrap dough pieces around skewers. llRecipes / Abbey Littlejoh Hold skewers over campfire; slowly turn until biscuit dough is browned and set, 8 to 10 minutes. llRecipes / Abbey Littlejoh Dip biscuits into melted butter, then into cinnamon-sugar. llRecipes / Abbey Littlejoh
Made this twice so far. First, as directed using the butter and cinnamon as coating after it's done cooking. Second time, I coated it in the cinnamon-sugar mixture before cooking followed by the butter and cinnamon coating. Wow! It's like Monkey bread or a cinnamon roll to go! It's very pretty, cheap, and simple. I will be keeping this recipe to pass on as a camping breakfast tradition. It was so much fun to make! Thanks for this delicious recipe!If you want to make these at home because you are craving them but weather isn't permitting camping, follow the recipe but bake at temperature and time suggested on your biscuit can, rotating once half way through cook time. We tried this recipe on the first night of our camping trip after reading an allrecipes article highlighting it. Cooking it over the fire/ hot coals was tricky and required too much patience (for two adults). The outside at the end closer to the fire/coals was burned and the inside at the end away from the fire/coals was raw. It has potential but we both decided we didn’t need to make again and ate delicious perfectly cooked s’mores the next two nights. That was one of the best recipes I've ever done my wife should cook but I cook sometimes but this was simple and easy thank you. Just another way to enjoy the outdoors!!!! I  used a small  amount of butter, raisins and cinnamon inside wrap before cooking . Tasted like Cinnamon Buns. They are delicious. Bake it, air fry it, and if you use a fire use a cast iron...any issues that YOU have are ONLY USER ERROR... Not tried yet ut5ty6 No changes, really yummy just the way they are. Super simple to make, children friendly.🤪😋🤪😋 Got an idea after seeing this,gona try this weekend, try enorperating mini chocolate chips and mini marshmallows folded or rolled into the biscuits then add broken chunks or graham craker crumbs to the cinnamon sugar and once dipped into butter and rolled in crumbs and cinnamon sugar then re-toasting to crispen the crumbs with the butter
