Tennessee Meatloaf
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/232247/tennessee-meatloaf/
Make the glaze: Mix ketchup, brown sugar, and cider vinegar together in a bowl until well combined. Make the meatloaf: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray two 9x5-inch loaf pans with cooking spray or line with aluminum foil for easier cleanup. Combine onion and bell pepper in a microwave-safe container. Cover and microwave until softened, 1 to 2 minutes. Set aside to cool. Mix oats, milk, eggs, garlic, mustard, Worcestershire sauce, thyme, seasoned salt, black pepper, and hot sauce together in a large bowl until well combined. Stir in cooked onion and bell pepper. Add ground beef, pork, and veal. With gloved hands, work all ingredients together until completely mixed and uniform. Pat 1/2 of the meatloaf mixture into each prepared loaf pan. Brush each loaf with 1/4 of the glaze; set remaining glaze aside. Bake in the preheated oven for 50 minutes. Remove the pans from the oven and carefully drain the fat. Brush remaining glaze over loaves, then return to the oven and bake for 10 more minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C). Remove from the oven and let stand for 15 minutes before slicing.
Not outstanding, not extraordinary, but good and satisfying. Flavor is good – I used fresh thyme (the equivalent in fresh is three times that of dried) and added some celery just because I generally do. I didn’t bother cooking the vegetables first just because I generally don’t. There is minimal filler and I appreciated that. I like the brown, crusty exterior on meatloaf so I shaped this as one loaf on a cookie sheet and baked it for 1-1/2 hours. I did not use the brown sugar glaze as the sugar did not appeal to me so I served this with a simple brown mushroom gravy. As this recipe’s first reviewer I’m happy to report that while there is much wiggle-room with this recipe to make it “your own,” this basic, old-fashioned meatloaf is good just as it stands. OMG!  This was delicious!  And I have NEVER liked meatloaf!  I only made it because my partner loves meatloaf.  Who knew there was a meatloaf recipe that I would like!   I made a few minor changes:  I used one pound of ground beef and one pound of ground pork breakfast sausage.  I used a whole green bell pepper, and added one seeded jalapeno.  I sauteed the onion, bell pepper, and jalapeno in 2 T butter for 8 minutes to soften them.  I substituted the oats for 2/3 C of seasoned panko bread crumbs, omitted the milk, and I used 6 cloves of garlic.  This recipe was amazing, and I thank you for sharing a meatloaf recipe that not only do I like, but I love!  Very moist and yummy.  I think the glaze is what put it over the top.  Will definitely be making this again. Delicious! I left of the veal. The glaze makes it the best I’ve head! Recipe is fantastic. Family will love it. I prefer breadcrumbs instead of oats, and I don't use veal, just half pork and half beef. I use about three tablespoons of Worcestershire,   six or so cloves of garlic, and 2-3 teaspoons of  Cholula sweet habanero. I omit the milk. This is a wonderful, tasty meatloaf. Easy to make too. I will definitely make it again. I used ground chuck and loose ground sausage, equal amounts of each.  All else remained as in the originally posted recipe.  We liked it very much, disappeared quickly.  Will make again. This is a great recipe. Thankyou good as writen My fussy husband actually had 2 pieces and asked to have the leftovers the next night. This was a miracle. Followed but instead  of a pound each of the meats, I bought 1 pkg of meat loaf mixture and just cut back on the rest of the ingredients. Definitely  a keeper.
