Chile Chicken Chili
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/232323/chile-chicken-chili/
Place chicken meat in the slow cooker; mix in salsa verde, tomato puree, vegetable broth, chili powder, cumin, cayenne pepper, salt, and black pepper. Add cannellini beans, corn, bell pepper strips, and onion; stir well. Cook on High, stirring occasionally, for 2 hours. Reduce heat to Low and simmer until serving time, at least 2 hours.
This was great,,,,,,,,,,quite spicy.....quite thick also......I added an extra can of chicken broth.....couldn't find anything but a large container of vegetable broth....so I used chicken.....I have to be careful not to have it too spicy or my wife won't eat it.....added cheddar cheese to the bowl and this was a recipe I will make again ....very easy....very easy to eat!! Love this recipe! Super easy and delicious, I didn’t make any changes. I like spicy foods and this hit the spot! Perfect for winter nights. I followed the recipe but left out the corn. It was very tasty, so much so that even my wife liked it and she doesn't usually like the new things that I cook. The only issue was the spice factor, it was very hot, next time I will reduce the cayenne pepper to about half of what the recipe calls for. Still, highly recommend! The recipe was great; however, I used chicken broth, the yellow and orange sweet peppers I purchased from Sam’s Club.  Pretty much everything was the same. I opted for sweet onions as well. It’s cooking on the stove as I write So far, its turned out pretty good. I used a pot on stove instead of the slow cooker. Thanks for the quick and easy recipe. Oh my goodness this chili was delicious and easy to make! I made it yesterday for the first time. Definitely added this recipe to my favorites. The only thing I did different is II added minced garlic, oregano, cilantro and extra cumin. I also cooked it on the stove instead of the crockpot cuz I was starving to death and couldn’t wait LOL! I used fresh diced bell peppers and added 2 diced jalapeños. I sautéed the peppers and olive oil before adding to the slow cooker.  I substituted Heredez guacamole salsa for the salsa verde and only used one jar. This was easy to make and had a good flavor. Thanks for the recipe :) I made this according to the recipe except I  couldn't find  any "sweet white corn" at my grocery so I used "white shoe peg" and to this day, I'm still not sure if there is a difference in the two or not?  I had some friends over for New Year's Eve and everyone loved it!  I will make this again! I made this according to the recipe except I  couldn't find  any "sweet white corn" at my grocery so I used "white shoe peg" and to this day, I'm still not sure if there is a difference in the two or not?  I had some friends over for New Year's Eve and everyone loved it!  I will make this again! The only changes I made to this recipe was to switch the beans to one can of Black beans and one can of Pinto. I also cut up fresh peppers instead of frozen. I actually won my works Chili Cook Off with this. It has great flavor and just the right level of spice. Pair with some cornbread and it is even better. Didn't have corn but was still good. Great use of leftover chicken I had grilled.
