Homemade Ketchup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/232397/homemade-ketchup/
Pour tomatoes into slow cooker. Swirl 1/4 cup water in each emptied can and pour into the slow cooker. Add sugar, vinegar, onion powder, garlic powder, salt, celery salt, mustard powder, black pepper, cayenne pepper, and whole clove; whisk to combine. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook on High, uncovered, until mixture is reduced by half and very thick, 10 to 12 hours. Stir every hour or so. otdash Meredith Food Studio Use an immersion blender for about 20 seconds to smooth the texture of the ketchup. otdash Meredith Food Studio Ladle ketchup into a fine strainer and press mixture with the back of a ladle to strain out any skins and seeds. otdash Meredith Food Studio Transfer strained ketchup to a bowl. Cool completely. Taste and adjust salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper as desired. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Wow! This recipe came out great. I have two little kids and wanted to make a ketchup without high fructose corn syrup, and to use in our homemade BBQ and sloppy joe sauces. It tastes just like the bottled stuff. I skipped the white sugar & put in 1/3 c of honey instead, to make it even less processed. Canned crushed tomatoes made it easier to strain at the end, and the consistency is pretty good. I would skip the added water next time when using the honey. This is a keeper! I'm so excited that I found this recipe & it was so easy using the slow cooker. Good Really good! Very interested in making it.. Can you double the recipe and can it. Instead of using crushed tomatoes I used a homemade frozen garden sauce made from a reduced blend of tomatoes, onions, green and ghost peppers. I also cut the amount of sugar by one half. Amazing. Totally worth the effort. Thank you John Mitzewich. I have made this a few times and we love it Great recipe.  Spice ratios are perfect.  To make this easier and save yourself some time (2-3 hrs instead of 12), use tomato sauce instead of crushed tomatoes (can skip the sieving step) omit the water, and use 1/4 - 1/2 tsp of ground cloves instead of whole cloves. About the "Before 19th century"Yes Ketchup can be dated back to like 300 B.C in Thailand and Taiwan, not as the Ketchup version we know it today, more like a Fish Sauce, which is the reason we say Tomato Ketchup these days :P
