Sausage-Stuffed Acorn Squash
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/232355/squasage-sausage-stuffed-squash/
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil. Place squash halves, cut-side down, onto the prepared baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until tender, about 1 hour. Remove from the oven, turn squash halves over, and set aside to cool. Leave the oven on. Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add sausage; cook and stir until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes; drain and discard grease. Add celery, mushrooms, and onion; cook and stir until celery is softened, 5 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat. Beat egg in a large bowl; stir in sour cream and Parmesan cheese. Stir cheese mixture into sausage mixture, then spoon into squash halves. Return to the oven and bake until filling is cooked through, about 20 minutes.
I can't give recipe 5 stars as is cause I tweeked it...but my tweeks made it 6 stars according to husband. I sprinkled squash with a little salt and pepper before baking as instructed. I pretty much followed basic above recipe but... Subbed plain Greek yogurt for sour cream; added diced green apple to sauted onion, mushroom,celery, & added minced garlic, cayenne pepper, salt, pepper. To the egg, yogurt, and parm cheese I Added 1/4 cup shredded sharp cheddar. Mixed both together and added 3/4 cup cooked brown rice. Scooped out some of acorn squash, to make more room for stuffing but then mixed loose squash into meat mixture. Packed into squash and topped with mixture of panko crumbs mixed, melted butter And parsley. Backed 20minutes then 1-2minutes at broil to crisp/brown up topping. See my photo of yummy end result I added diced red pepper. I think mozzarella cheese would be nice as well. It’s very good Made it as written. My husband gave this a 3 and  half, and he is the one who likes squash. This recipe is extremely easy, and it tastes amazing. My kids and husband loved it. I used autum sausage from my local butcher, home made yogurt instead of the sour cream and seasoned with bacon salt from van rohling seasonings. Excellent! My husband loves this. I use sweet Italian sausage. I’ve made this lots since I found it a few years ago. The only change I ever make it switching out the sausage types and using old style grated parm Very delicious and so easy. I didn’t have celery or sour cream but it still turned out great and was the perfect lunch for me and my husband who could not stop raving about! I will definitely be making this again, it really takes little effort and you come out with a delicious meal! Thanks!
