Natasha's Chicken Burgers
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/232375/natashas-chicken-burgers/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix ground chicken, 1/4 cup bread crumbs, onion, egg, and garlic in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Moisten hands and shape chicken mixture, 2 tablespoons at a time, into flat, oval-shaped patties. otdash Meredith Food Studio Spread remaining 1/4 cup bread crumbs in a shallow dish. Dip patties in bread crumbs to coat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook patties in hot oil until deeply browned on the bottoms, 5 to 6 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Turn patties and cook until other sides are browned, 3 to 4 minutes more. Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
I’ve made this recipe a few times. Parties never fully cooked through in the pan. Tried partially frying and then baked them at 350. I finally figured out the best way—just bake. Grease the baking sheet and bake at 350 for 30 minutes. Patties were perfect and not at all greasy. I added extra italian seasoning and parmesan cheese to the breadcrumbs before using both in the recipe and to bread the burgers. Really gave it extra flavour! I add a bit of butter to the olive oil.  I use parm and romano cheese.  I skip the bread crumbs. Dont forget the garlic   I have been thinking about making chicken balls with a bit of cheddar surprise in the middle. I searched for a way to use up ground chicken and chose this recipe. I put it on the week's dinner menu and offered it as an option no fewer than three times, only to have it rejected. When hubby finally surrendered and agreed I could cook them, I made no changes.  I served them on kaiser rolls with lettuce and tomato and he was grunting approval around the first mouthful before getting back to his seat with his plate. As I type, he is heading back to sit down again, with...not seconds, but THIRDS! The first time I made this I didn't have high hopes, I thought they might be dry. But wow they are delicious and I just made them again! Husband was impressed and said to keep them in the rotation and he's a red meat guy! Added mozzarella cheese in the center. This is a very good recipe. I also mixed up 2 fresh minced garlic cloves with 3 tblsp of olive oil and 1/2 tsp of Italian herbs then lightly brushed the oil mixture on top of burgers. Baked in the oven at 400 degrees for approx 25 min. Served on Italian burger buns with swiss cheese ,lettuce and tomatoes and choice of condiments. Love it! I made this in my air fryer. I sprayed them with olive oil then air fried them at 375 degrees for about 10-12 minutes without turning. Cook to at least 165 degrees. I served mine with mashed potatoes and chicken gravy. They will also be great on a bun with lettuce, tomatoe and mayo etc. Really tasty and moist!  Delicious!
