Easy and Delicious Pumpkin Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/232433/easy-and-delicious-pumpkin-bread/
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease two 8x4-inch loaf pans. Whisk eggs together in a large bowl. Add pumpkin purée and vegetable oil; whisk until smooth. Whisk flour, sugar, pudding mix, baking soda, cinnamon, and salt together in a separate bowl; stir into pumpkin mixture. Divide batter between the prepared loaf pans. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into centers comes out clean, 75 to 80 minutes.
YUMMY! I used instant pudding instead of cook and serve (because that's what I had on hand) and Pumpkin pie spice instead of cinnamon (becaue I like the flavor better) and it was AWEOME! Thanks so much for sharing this recipe! Exactly what I was looking for.  Many of the other recipes were dry and maybe that is what some people want.  I want a very moist pumpkin bread and this was it.I used sugar free instant vanilla pudding as that was what I had on hand.  Just as a personal preference, I used one teaspoon of each cinnamon, nutmeg and cloves.  I like a lot of Fall spices.I added chopped pecans to one loaf.It was perfect.  The two loaves the recipe made were gone within hours. Super easy and so delicious.   Best pumpkin bread ever I agree with the submitter...this is the most delicious pumpkin bread I've ever had. Super easy, incredibly moist and the flavor was outstanding! Learn from my  mistakes.  I have made this bread many times.  The biggest issue I have is that now two times, the edges get burned while the inside is too moist.   Make sure that you do not go above 325 for your oven temperature.  You could also cover the top with foil.  I added 1 1/4 cup of white chocolate chips - it goes great with the pumpkin flavor.  I also reduced the oil to just one cup and it is still moist. Amazing. I topped it with an out meal crumble mixture. Insane. Freezes so well. Very dense. Watch to ensure center is cooked. . Followed the recipe exactly and it turned out perfect! Awesome flavor. I made my own pumpkin puree for it and everything worked together great! We love this recipe! Not only is it way easier than most baking, since we do not particularly like baking, but love pumpkin bread, but it is easy to tweak a bit according to your taste. I added 1/4 tsp each of ginger, nutmeg, and cloves, and it was absolutely amazing. Stays moist for a week at least, maybe more, I wouldn’t know since we ate it all within that week! Perfect. Thanks for this, from a non-baker :) This is delicious!  The pudding mix (I used instant, the cook & serve was sold out) really adds a nice flavor to it.
