Ruby Red Grapefruit Martini
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/232531/ruby-red-grapefruit-martini/
Pour sugar onto a small plate. Wet the rim of a martini glass with cold water, then dip into sugar to coat. Fill a cocktail shaker with ice, then pour in grapefruit juice, vodka, and triple sec. Cover and shake until the outside of the shaker has frosted. Strain into the prepared glass.
So good! I love pink grapefruit juice and this was the perfect refreshing drink on this warm Labor Day weekend. My guests really enjoyed it too, well until we ran out of vodka! I made it exactly as written and wouldn't change a thing. By the way, regarding the other review, why on earth would you only give 4 stars because YOU didn't have the necessary ingredients!?!? Wow. Very tasty drink.  Not a martini at all (more like a descendant of the Cosmo, which is a descendant of the Sidecar) but very good. Super Fresh. Rimmed the glass with Grapefruit Salt. I am not a big vodka person, so I used gin instead! I also added a bit of fresh minced basil just because I had to get rid of the basil and it just added an extra fresh pop to the drink! Thanx for the recipe! I am definitely keeping it in my cocktail line up! As described, quick to make and really good. Made as written, these were very good.  I liked the tartness from the grapefruit juice combined with the sweet of the triple sec and sugar.  I plan to make these again. Very refreshing cocktail for Spring/Summer. If I’m a hurry(or no fresh grapefruits on hand) I use  Ruby Red grapefruit juice w pulp from refrigerated carton (Tropicana or similar brand). Tasty!  I didn't use the sugar, my triple sec bottle was empty so I used OJ.  As good as this was it will be even better with triple sec! Thanks for a great recipe!  Update: I made a pitcher with triple sec to take on a camping trip. Vast improvement! Very yummy! Can be made with OJ but triple sec way better! yum, sweet and tart at the same time! Love grapefruit cocktails! I didn't really like the sugar on the rim.
