Black Halloween Punch
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/23256/black-halloween-punch/
To make a frozen hand, wash a disposable glove, fill with water, seal with a rubber band and freeze until hard. Stir together grape soft drink mix, orange soft drink mix, sugar and water until solids are dissolved. Combine with chilled ginger ale just before serving. Dip the frozen hand briefly in warm water, then peel off the glove. Float the prepared hand in the punch bowl for a ghastly effect.
The punch tasted great! It was a little more brown then black though. To make it more fun I added ice cubes with gummy worms froze in the middle. The cubes were a little easier than doing the hand and easier to transport to school or parties. Not good, tasted like sugar water. The color wasn't as black as I'd hoped. I will not make again. Maybe good for a kids party but not for adults. Made double the requested amount. Turned out good. But kids ages 5 to 10 just love the sugar. One 7 year old girl wouldn't drink it because of the hand lol. i will make it again Great tasting punch and looked great too with dark color as pictured. Next time will use 1/2 the sugar though.Also the frozen hand was tricky. The glove didn't seem to fill up evenly and fingers broke trying to remove the glove but still looked good with 2 fingers (it is Halloween after all and a 'severed hand'). Next time may look for ice tray mold . Made this for an all ages party. We mixed it with just the water in one big bowl and added sprite or ginger ale to cups for the kids, and with lime flavored hard seltzer for the adults! this recipe does great but the punch is actually a dark brown color. to make it black i add a few drops of black food coloring. it tasted great though! Was a big hit with adults and kids! This stuff was aweful! Followed recipe to a T. It was a brown color. My guests went and got something else to drink and poured this out. This can have vodka or vanilla vodka added to make it as strong as you'd like.  A double batch satisfied our party of about 30 with other drink options available.  It looks cool and tastes fine.  I thought it tasted a little bit like bubble gum with the vanilla vodka.  Orange kool aid was a bit difficult to find at our local Safeway.
