Sweet Potato and Coconut Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/232551/sweet-potato-and-coconut-bread/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 10-inch tube pan. Mix flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, nutmeg, and salt in a bowl. Beat butter in a large bowl using an electric mixer until creamy, about 2 minutes. Gradually beat sugar into creamed butter until fully incorporated, about 3 more minutes. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating each egg completely before add the next. Beat in sweet potato and vanilla extract until well mixed. Stir flour mixture, coconut, and walnuts into butter mixture until just combined. Pour batter into the prepared tube pan. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the bread comes out clean, about 1 hour 10 minutes.
I recently bought and prepared some sweet potatoes, wondering if I still hated them as much as my childhood memories told me I did. The roasted sweet potatoes I made with them were a vast improvement, but neither Hubs nor I were fond enough of them to eat them again. So what to do with the four or five baby sweet potatoes I had left? I chose this recipe, thinking I might as well embrace the sweetness of the sweet potatoes in something like this rather than fight with them in another savory vegetable side dish. And if it wasn't for having these leftover sweet potatoes I never would have experienced this simply excellent bread. Hubs would never have tolerated the coconut or the nuts, but since he wasn’t about to eat anything “Sweet Potato” anyway, I included them both. As I measured out the cooked, mashed sweet potatoes, I found myself about 1/3 c. short (1/2 recipe). Not a problem–I just grabbed a jar of strained baby food carrots and used them to make up the difference. I liked this –it’s moist, not as heavy as other breads of this type, not as sweet (and I liked that!) and is delicately spiced (and I liked that too). I also liked the flavor only butter can impart. Until I made this I probably would have thought it similar to pumpkin bread, but it’s really not. It’s lighter and brighter in color, almost like mango, and has a flavor all its own. Not sure I’ll buy sweet potatoes again, but as this recipe’s first reviewer I can tell you I couldn't have been more pleased. I substituted 1 cup brown sugar for 2 cups white sugar Very good! Second time making this! I made this recipe and love it! I used unbleached sugar instead of white sugar and olive oil instead of butter. I also added pecans instead of walnuts and sprinkled coconut on top of the bread before baking. It was moist and delicious! I will definitely make it again. I made a single loaf (half recipe) using some leftover sweet potatoes that were made with turmeric so I changed the spices a bit -- kept the cinnamon but instead of nutmeg I added a dash of ground clove, 1/4 tsp ground ginger, and about 1/2 tsp ground cardamom. I expected the consistency of banana bread but the loaf texture is quite light and very good (though a little crumbly). Awesome recipe!!! Left coconut out I love this recipe! It is not too sweet and so delicious! Thank you so much for sharing it. Made it just like the recipe and as with most breads of this sort-banana bread, pumpkin bread, etc., it just gets better after a day! This bread was bland.  I won't be making it again! Surprisingly good (I don’t like sweet potatoes). I added one cup of raisins to mine. I desperately was looking for a good bread recipe that used gluten free all purpose flour..... so I substituted regular flour here with gluten free all purpose, added 1/4 C applesauce because I was 1/4 C shy of mashed sweet potatoes, and also used pecans instead of walnuts (forgot to get done).  I’ve tasted gluten free breads and many not so good, but this recipe held up really well and got my family liking sweet potatoes another way!! Woohoo, great recipe and fabulous taste!
