Simple Broiled Haddock
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/232906/simple-broiled-haddock/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Set an oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil; spray with cooking spray. Arrange haddock fillets on the prepared baking sheet. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix onion powder, paprika, garlic powder, black pepper, salt, and cayenne pepper in a small bowl; sprinkle seasoning over fish, then dot with butter. otdash Meredith Food Studio Broil in the preheated oven until fish flakes easily with a fork, 6 to 8 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve with lemon wedges. Enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
This was exactly what we were looking for. This is a very simple recipe, with a surprising amount of flavor and just the right amount of spice. It was light and tasty. Used lemon juice rather than lemon wedges and was still delicious. Made it with cod, pretty dang good!Had some cod in the freezer and was in the mood for a fish sandwich.Didn't even taste test it first until my first bite.Good flavor and easy, will make it again. It was absolutely delicious (served it with tater tots). It’s amazingly easy to make, spice mix is not too exotic so you probably have everything at home. Everyone loved it. The lemon is a delicious addition. … or tartar sauce for the kids. It was quick and easy to pull together the spices and I didn’t use any salt and added a bit of Dill and Thyme. Also did not add cayenne pepper because we don’t care for the heat.The fish cooked fast and it was delicious.  Family loved it.It’s a keeper. Thank you for sharing Nicole! My son wanted fish for dinner so I just made this. So simple and very tasty. This was yummy - thank you! Haddock is the only fish I like and this recipe was amazing with it.  Cayenne had right amount of heat!!! Excellent. Very tasty and easy to make.  I followed the one suggestion to put a little butter and seasoning down first then the fish then seasoning and butter on top.  Loved it. Dirt simple, fast and yet very tasty.  Will be making this again No changes. Simple. Healthy. Delicious.
