Apple Cinnamon Cake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/232922/apple-cinnamon-white-cake/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9x5-inch loaf pan. Mix brown sugar and cinnamon together in a bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Beat white sugar and butter together in a bowl using an electric mixer until smooth and creamy. otdash Meredith Food Studio Beat in eggs, 1 at a time, until incorporated; add vanilla extract. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine flour and baking powder together in a bowl; stir into creamed butter mixture. Mix milk into batter until smooth. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour half the batter into the prepared loaf pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add half the apples and half the brown sugar mixture to the batter. Lightly pat apple mixture into batter. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour remaining batter over apple layer; top with remaining apples and brown sugar mixture. Lightly pat apples into batter; swirl brown sugar mixture through apples using a finger or spoon. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center of the loaf comes out clean, 30 to 40 minutes. Enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
I made two batches of this recipe. One I made just as written and it was delicious! The second one I made exactly as written with one substitution: I used 1/2 cup of unsweetened apple sauce in place of the butter. It too was absolutely delicious and the butter (and all those extra calories) was not missed one little bit. So I give this two thumbs up whichever way you choose to make it, but I will be making it with the apple sauce to keep it healthy and light but just as delicious!! If you want to take this recipe uptown just a bit, add some chopped walnuts - yum!! My family absolutely loved this recipe! Thank you! Beautiful cake and the house smells amazing. However, the bake time is closer to an hour... Would try again. It came out really nice and we loved it. The only changed butter to 90 grams as couldn’t measure it by cup, also 3 small eggs instead of two large. Thanks 😊 So good. I made them into muffins, so I baked them at 425 for about 15mins, and they came out amazing. Hubby and I both loved this cake!  My only gripe is, as others have said, it took much longer than the 30-40 minutes to bake, more like about an hour, but once it was done, it was delicious!  After reading other reviews, I think next time I'll add an extra apple and maybe try replacing the butter with applesauce to make it a little healthier.  Will definitely be making this again! Loved it! As soon as we finished it, my husband asked me to make it again. Did divide into 2 smaller loaf pans which worked well for us. Also added more apples My family and I liked this a lot. I opted to double the recipe for two loaves. I decided to use three medium Granny Smiths, which seemed to work out perfectly for my two loaves. I did add 3/4t salt per other reviews The main issue with this recipe is the bake time. It was not even close to done at 40 min, and actually required one hour. The cake came out moist but the sponge was a little bland on its own. There shoud be a way that the apples are submerged. If it makes sense. i like this recipe.as everyone said it should add a pinch of salt.
