Butternut Squash and Apple Cider Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/233151/butternut-squash-and-apple-cider-soup/
Heat butter in a large pot over medium heat; cook and stir onion in the melted butter until translucent, 5 to 10 minutes. Add butternut squash, potatoes, apple, carrot, and celery to onion; pour in chicken broth and enough apple cider to cover vegetables. Bring mixture to a boil and cover pot. Reduce heat and simmer, adding more apple cider as needed, until vegetables are tender, 35 to 40 minutes. Blend vegetable mixture with an immersion blender until smooth; stir in cream, cinnamon, and cloves. Simmer until heated through, 5 to 10 minutes. Spoon soup into serving bowls; top each with about 1 tablespoon sour cream and a pinch of nutmeg.
I have made this recipe a couple of times now. The first time I subbed cream cheese instead of the half and half. It came out delicious. Second time I made it as the recipes reads and it was just as delicious. This was an easy recipe and tasted so good! I passed on the sour cream and nutmeg. I have made this recipe a couple of times now.  The first time I subbed cream cheese instead of the half and half.  It came out delicious.  Second time I made it as the recipes reads and it was just as delicious. Take my review with a grain of salt since I made a major change.... I had about 4 C of broth leftover from the Slow Cooker Apple Cider Pot Roast recipe. Since the broth consisted of beef drippings and apple cider, this seemed the perfect recipe to utilize the broth. I halved the recipe, which meant I needed 5.75 C of liquid. I felt like the leftover broth had a strong enough apple flavor, so I added 1.75 C of beef stock instead of chicken stock or apple cider. I didn't add the cinnamon or cloves, since the leftover broth already had both in it. I also forgot to put the garnish on when I served it. This was really different. 7 people tried it: 4 really liked it, 2 thought it was okay, and 1 didn't care for it. I'm giving it 4 stars since most liked it (including me!).
