Chef John's Lasagna
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/233661/chef-johns-lasagna/
Make the sauce: Cook and stir ground beef and sausage in a large saucepan over medium heat until browned and crumbly, about 10 minutes. Stir in mushrooms, salt, black pepper, Italian seasoning, and pepper flakes. Increase the heat to medium-high and cook until mushrooms have given off their juices and the bottom of the pan is almost dry, 4 to 6 minutes. Pour marinara sauce into meat mixture. (If using jarred sauce, add a little water to each jar and shake to get all sauce out of the jar; add to meat mixture.) Reduce the heat to low and simmer until meat is extremely tender, about 2 hours; add more water if sauce becomes too thick. Skim fat, then season sauce with salt and black pepper. Turn off the heat. When the sauce is almost finished, make the pasta: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cook lasagna in the boiling water, stirring occasionally, until cooked through but firm to the bite, about 8 minutes. Drain and rinse lasagna noodles; set aside in a bowl of cold water. While the pasta is cooking, make the filling: Whisk eggs in a large bowl, then stir in ricotta, mozzarella, Parmigiano-Reggiano, parsley, salt, black pepper, and cayenne. When the sauce, pasta, and filling are ready, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Divide sauce into fourths, noodles into thirds, and filling in half for layering. Layer ingredients in a 10x15-inch baking pan, spreading out to fill the pan, as follows: one part sauce, one part noodles, one part filling. Repeat once more. Add one part sauce, then tap the dish lightly on a sturdy work surface to settle the layers. Continue with one part noodles and one part sauce. Sprinkle remaining fresh mozzarella and Parmigiano-Reggiano over top. Cover the baking dish with aluminum foil, making sure it doesn't touch the cheese. Place onto a baking sheet to catch any spills. Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes. Remove the foil and continue to bake until golden brown and bubbly, 30 to 35 more minutes. Let sit for 20 minutes before serving.
Chef John, I hope you read these sometimes. This is the absolute best lasagna I've ever had. Thank you for teaching me how to cook, I'm a total noob. After having a heart attack at age 47, I was diagnosed with depression. Doc said to find new hobby, I found you. I've made several of your recipes, all have been fantastic!!!! My hubs and step sons are having a blast being my lab rats :) Thank you for making cooking fun and easy, I never would have thought I could make restaurant quality food. This recipe was such a big hit with my family.  It’s become the new lasagna recipe in my house. Thanks, Chef John This was fantastic. Family loved it. I did add an extra jar of marinara so it was more juicy. It made 2 pans. Delicious!!!!! I used some pancetta in place of sausage and it turned out great Excellent lasagna! Everyone always loves when i make it. No notes. Thank you chef John!! Excellent as is ! I made this lasagna exactly like the recipe, and it was declared "the best dish you've ever made!" by my husband. That is very high praise since I'm a really good cook (thanks to Chef John 😁 ).  I will definitely make this again for a big family get-together. For now, my husband and I will be eating lasagna for the next week and will love every bite! Best Lasagna ever!
