Cinnamon Swirl Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/23376/cinnamon-swirl-bread/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9x5-inch loaf pan. Mix together 1/3 cup sugar and 2 teaspoons cinnamon in a small bowl; set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine flour, remaining 1 cup sugar, baking powder, and salt together in a large bowl. Combine egg, milk, and oil in a separate bowl; add to flour mixture. Stir until just moistened. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour 1/2 of the batter into the prepared pan. Sprinkle with 1/2 of the reserved cinnamon-sugar mixture. Repeat with remaining batter and cinnamon-sugar mixture. Draw a knife through batter to marble. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center of the loaf comes out clean, 45 to 50 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Let cool in the pan for 10 minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely. Wrap in foil and let sit overnight before slicing. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
GREAT recipe. I've made it 3 times this week, it's one I got in a magazine years ago, but misplaced. My family loves it, be sure to use the right sized pan, if you don't, then the bread will be doughy. Also, sometimes it takes mine 45 minutes, other times it takes 50 minutes. Just test it with a toothpick. I always start the timer at the lowest suggested baking time. That way I don't have burned stuff. Also, make sure you have an oven thermometer. I don't like low star ratings because an oven is off, or somebody changed the recipe, or didn't use the right pan size.  It's okay! I feel like the top is very flavorful because of the cinnamon sugar crust but the actual loaf itself lacks some flavor. Although, that might be a good thing if you are pairing it with sweet coffees or sweet hot teas. I might try it again and tweak the recipe. Overall a beginner friendly recipe and I like it. Pairs well with coffee. I might add a glaze on it next time and maybe some nuts and pumpkin flavoring It was great I did add the tsp of vanilla also to it ! So simple ! I also added a few lines of cream cheese mixture to the top ! I cant wait to make more! I made mine in mini loaf pans. Changed nothing about the recipe. Delish!! Mine was all gooey and never thickened up even though i added more flour absolutely a terrible waste of time!😭 The recipe was easy to follow, and the bread looked amazing. It tastes more like a coffee cake than bread, might taste better with a crumble on top and served like coffee cake. Great recipe.  I made it exactly like your recipe and it turned out great, delicious and my family love it. I have made this several times and it is still my favorite. Fabulous recipe!! Ii have made this loaf several times and it’s always perfect.  Recently, I tried adding fresh blueberries and it was delicious!  It’s moist,  tasty, and best of all it’s super easy to make.  Yum!!Edit: today I tried adding some chocolate chips to batter.  Delish!!
