Lemon Chicken Orzo Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/233968/lemon-chicken-orzo-soup/
Gather the ingredients. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Stir in orzo and return to a boil. Cook pasta uncovered until partially cooked through but not yet soft, about 5 minutes; drain and rinse with cold water until cooled completely. Meanwhile, heat olive oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add carrots, celery, and onion; cook and stir until vegetables begin to soften and onion becomes translucent, about 5 minutes. Add garlic; cook and stir until fragrant, about 1 minute more. Season mixture with thyme, oregano, bay leaf, salt, and black pepper; continue cooking another 30 seconds before pouring chicken broth into the pot. Bring broth to a boil. Partially cover the pot, reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer until vegetables are just tender, about 10 minutes. Stir orzo, lemon juice, and lemon zest into broth; add chicken. Cook until chicken and orzo are heated through, about 5 minutes. Add baby spinach; cook until spinach wilts into broth and orzo is tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Ladle soup into bowls; garnish with lemon slices and Parmesan cheese. utzflca
I made this for lunch and it was spectacular. The spices were right on. Really, really good!! I cut the recipe in half and added the lemon "to taste". I have made enough recipes with lemon to know that all lemons are different. I added the zest of one lemon and tasted the soup. It was "almost" perfect. I added just a tablespoon of juice after that and it was perfectly lemony, just how we like it. Also, I just added the uncooked orzo to the soup and let it boil for about 8 minutes. We didn't have any left overs. Anyone that isn't familiar with cooking with orzo should know that it does completely soak up the broth where leftovers are concerned, so if you know you are making more than will be eaten, you should make it on the side and add to each bowl; otherwise, the next day there will not be any liquid in the soup left. Delicious and I will be making this again soon!! This is my all time favorite soup and this recipe is perfection. My whole family raves about it and it tastes good no matter the season. Family all liked it. No raves. But no leftovers either.  Made exactly per recipe.  No changes. I used two containers of broth instead because just 32oz was looking pretty thick. Ended up adding a medium amount of garlic powder to each bowl along with Parmesan and that made it VERY good!!! Will definitely make again because it is such good comfort food! (Tip: i used baby carrots because i am lazy and do not wanna peel carrots and it was still excellent) Fabulous!  I start pot with chicken thighs covered in water, then remove them to cut up and add in later. I use a whole package of soup greens, which includes carrots, celery, a turnip, a leek and an onion,  as base. I proceed with recipe as written---it even works to throw in whole bag of frozen spinach which thaws in soup. Love this soup!! This soup was soooo good!  My family loved it!  Love that it called for fresh squeezed lemon juice and zest.  It definitely makes a difference.  I didn’t change a thing!The family loved the flavor - my 21 year old loved it so much that she ate it for breakfast the next day!  Will definitely be making a gain. Very light soup with fresh flavors. Easy to make. Rave reviews from everyone, even my son who’s not a fan of soup. I did make and store the orzo separately from the soup. A winner! Loved the flavor of this soup! It was a crowd-pleaser! My family Loved this soup! I made half this recipe- it was good but I felt it needed more chicken. I ended up fishing most of it out into my granddaughter’s bowl so she would get enough protein. I pre-cooked the orzo and reheated in microwave when the time came and added to bowls. This worked out will. I will make again with more chicken- I also added a couple pinches of sugar as it was a bit too lemony.
