Halloween Mummy Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/234140/halloween-mummy-cookies/
Beat butter and sugar with electric mixer in a large bowl until smooth. Mix in eggs one at a time, beating the first egg in until fully incorporated before adding the second. Stir in vanilla extract. Sift together flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, and salt in a bowl; stir into butter mixture. Shape dough into a log and wrap with waxed paper, parchment, or plastic wrap. Refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Slice pieces off the log and shape them into narrow wedges about 3 inches long. Set cookies on baking tray. Cut more slices and pull off teaspoon-sized pieces and roll into balls; flatten and press balls onto wide ends of wedges for the mummies' "heads." Bake in preheated until cookies are set and edges are dry, about 8 minutes. Let cool in pan for 1 minute; remove to wire rack to cool completely. Combine white chocolate chips with vegetable shortening in a microwave-safe bowl. Heat in microwave on low until melted, 1 to 2 minutes, stirring every 20 seconds, until coating is warm and smooth. Coat the tops of each cookie with melted white chocolate using a small spatula or butter knife. Reheat white chocolate mixture in microwave for a few seconds and stir again if it becomes too thick to work with. Repeat coating remaining cookies with white chocolate. Use a toothpick to score lines for "bandages" on each cookie, and place mini chocolate chips on the mummy heads for eyes.
I made these cookies years ago from a recipe I found in a Hershey’s book. I lost it during the last move but realized this was the same. My husband confirmed on the Hershey’s site that it matches so mystery solved! I made the cookie batter exactly as it called for. My first batch on the cookie sheet I made too large so I started to make them smaller and worked out great. They do puff up a little but retains their shape for the most part. The only thing I did differently was the white chocolate. I put some in a ziplock bag, microwaved until soft and snipped off a corner to drizzle it on. This created more of a bandaged look. I didn’t add shortening because I didn’t want it to runny and then the drizzle melt into one big layer. The cookies taste like cakey brownies (which I don’t usually care for, I want fudgy) but these pack so much flavor they are delicious! I made these cookies years ago from a recipe I found in a Hershey’s book. I lost it during the last move but realized this was the same. My husband confirmed on the Hershey’s site that it matches so mystery solved! I made the cookie batter exactly as it called for. My first batch on the cookie sheet I made too large so I started to make them smaller and worked out great. They do puff up a little but retains their shape for the most part. The only thing I did differently was the white chocolate. I put some in a ziplock bag, microwaved until soft and snipped off a corner to drizzle it on. This created more of a bandaged look. I didn’t add shortening because I didn’t want it to runny and then the drizzle melt into one big layer. The cookies taste like cakey brownies (which I don’t usually care for, I want fudgy) but these pack so much flavor they are delicious! These are really great cookies! Mine took a little longer to bake (maybe about 11 minutes). I left them in until they started to crack a bit on the top and looked like they had set. I used the Ghiradelli candy white chocolate for the coating and it worked better than the white chocolate with the shortening - I tried both and the candy was smoother and easier to use. Both tasted amazing! I just preferred the ease of the candy! Delicious!!! My husband said they tasted like brownies with chocolate on top!
