Butternut Squash Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/234276/autumn-spiced-butternut-squash-bread/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease two 9x5-inch loaf pans. Beat sugar and butter together in a bowl until fluffy. Stir butternut squash, eggs, and water into sugar mixture. Mix flour, baking soda, baking powder, salt, cinnamon, and ground cloves in another bowl; stir into sugar mixture. Add walnuts and raisins; stir until batter is just blended. Pour batter into prepared loaf pans. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 1 hour. Cool in the pans briefly before removing to cool completely on a wire rack.
This yields a lot of batter, so I opted to make some muffins in addition to a loaf. For those not knowing how to achieve a cooked butternut squash, just cut in half lengthwise, brush the insides with olive oil and place the flesh side down on a foil lined cookie sheet. Bake at 400 degrees for 30-45 min depending on the size until they are fork tender. Then just scoop out the meat into a bowl and use a potato masher or hand mixer to puree. The texture is just right whether you make quick bread loaves or muffins. Not too dry or crumbly when you bite in. The ratio of spices was perfect in my opinion. I ended up icing some which hubs enjoyed. A nice alternative to canned pumpkin. The main change I made was to use brown sugar instead of white sugar. Very good and so easy to make. I did use cranberries instead of raisins for that "fall" taste. I cooked a piece of butternut squash & 1/2 small sweet potato in my InstaPot for 10 minutes. It came out & equalled exactly 2 cups! I only had 2 cups of sugar & only had Pumpkin Spice. I used 3 tsp of the P.S. I added the walnuts & also 1/3 cup dried cranberries & a finally chopped golden delicious apple. I made 2 dozen muffins. They turned out REALLY tasty! Will add more spices next time. I grow a lot of butternut squash and Marquis grapes from which I make raisins.  I also have a walnut tree, so this is the perfect recipe to use up some of my goodies.  To keep calories down and nutrition up, I used whole wheat flour and substituted half Splenda and half erythritol for the sugar as well as olive oil for the butter.  I added two teaspoons of maple extract, a dash of nutmeg,  a dash of cardamom, a dash of black pepper, and cut the cloves in half (I prefer a robust flavor profile).  This is one of the most delicious foods I've ever eaten!  I didn't need to put butter or anything on it.  Everyone who has tried it wants me to make more, more, more! Absolutely delicious! Since many reviewers said it made two loaves, I used a big pan. I sprayed it with butter flavor spray and sprinkled with white sugar. It gave the outsides a tasty crunch!! I also used only half the cloves as others suggested. Delish! I put cinnamon and sugar mix on top Made exactly according to the recipe.  Thought it was perfect.  Crust was great.  Moist and tasty.  Flavors were well balanced.   One butternut squash was needed for the purée with very little left over. The recipe made two loaves.  Goes great with my coffee in the morning. Only used 1 cup of sugar and 2 tbsp on of honey, used Teff flour and white flour (1 part - 4 part ratio), used white raisins and toasted pecans and a touch of lavender… perfect and plenty sweet Oh my!! This has pleasantly complex character and isn’t the same old pumpkin bread. I look forward to making this again when our garden gives us plenty of bs (butternut squash ha). I halved the cinnamon and the clove. Added vanilla extract and fresh ground nutmeg. Half craisins and golden raisins and pepitas. Oh so so nice. Cooked up perfectly too. Gorgeous
