To Die For Fettuccine Alfredo
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/23431/to-die-for-fettuccine-alfredo/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add fettuccine and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain. otdash Meredith Food Studio Melt butter into cream in a large saucepan over low heat; add salt, pepper, and garlic salt. otdash Meredith Food Studio Increase the heat to medium; stir in grated Romano and Parmesan cheese until melted and sauce has thickened. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add cooked pasta to sauce and toss until thoroughly coated; serve immediately. otdash Meredith Food Studio
i chose this recipe because it had the best reviews. and it really is very very good. i scaled down the recipe to 4 servings, but beware because the pasta it calls for is WAY too much, especially if you like a lot of sauce. my recommendation is to make the sauce according to this recipe's scale but make the amount of pasta according to the pasta box/label. i also love garlic in my alfredo so i minced about 5 cloves of garlic and added it to the sauce. also make sure that you are watching the sauce at all times and stirring often because the sauce tends to stick at the bottom and curdle there. also added chicken strips sauteed in butter and lawry's garlic salt, which added the saltiness the dish needed, since i made the sauce a little more on the bland side. i made it once with margarine and half and half to skim calories but it does not turn out that well. it tends to congeal and is not as creamy or thick so if you're looking to skim calories, this is not the recipe to do it with. my husband who is obsessed with alfredo thinks it is the best he's ever had. we love alfredo and thought olive garden had the best, but now we will be making this at home. very simple recipe, and love that all the ingredients are so accessible, and doesn't require an egg! Very good but added chicken seasoned with cajun seasoning Yum, I used fresh grated garlic instead of garlic salt and less pasta to make it extra saucy' Oh and 3/4 of a pint is actually 1 1/2 cups. Made it and loved it. I added more cheese and also added Portobella mushrooms. It was to die for. I made this for the first time tonight for my aunt and uncle. The only thing I did differently was use sautéed minced garlic instead of garlic salt, because we prefer minced. It was very flavorful and creamy, arguably the best alfredo I've had. And super easy, I made it while coordinating chicken, pasta, asparagus and broccoli while 3 of my 4 kids were rampaging around my ankles. This recipe is just like mine, but with garlic. The garlic adds an amazing flavor! I have no idea why I've never done it. I served it with grilled chicken and steamed broccoli. Yum! Can't wait to make again This was so good! Reminded me of my moms. The only thing I changed was adding minced garlic to the sauce, and made chicken with it. It was amazing! This fettuccine was so awesome, my entire family went crazy. I read most of the reviews and varied my version by adding grilled chicken slices sauteed with garlic cloves, and season salt to taste, added fresh spinach, used unsalted butter, and added a touch of corn starch which helped thicken the sauce as one reviewer advised. The rest of my additions came from some of the other reviewers as well - give it a try with some of your favorite extras, the only thing I will add next time is shrimp. The other thing I loved about this recipe was that it was quick, dinner on the table in less than an hour was important after a long day of work. This was awesome! i highly recommend. my partner who does not like creamy sauces absolutely loved it. I did what everybody else did and cut the butter in half and that was more than enough. Tastes great the next day also, but doesnt look as the cream seperates. I too used unsalted butter and found it to be salty enough from the cheeses. I added pan fried chicken and sauteed mushrooms and garlic, it gave it a good kick! Thanks for posting this, i am making for my sisters tonight! This was a great recipe. I sauteed cut up chicken in some butter and a clove of minced garlic. I seasoned it with a little salt and pepper then prepared the sauce in the same pan. I would make again. My guests loved this recipe with the following changes: reduced the fettuccini to one 16 oz. pkg., reduce butter by 3/4 cup, omitted garlic salt, used all parmesan instead of romano. Sauted a pound of chicken breast strips and 5 cloves of chopped garlic in olive oil; added to sauce before serving. Due to the HIGH fat content, this recipe should only be used for special occasion dinners. I wasn't sure if milk meant cream, but I used heavy cream and it was so yummy! Thanks for this recipe which we love! Added rotisserie chicken breast from the store & it was amazing WAY too much butter in this recipe!!! It bombed the first time I made it, but by the second time (and, following other recipes,) I reduced the butter to 1 stick (or less,) increasing the cream to 1 cup. I also added a few cloves of crushed garlic to the butter. "To DIE For" -- yeah 2 sticks of butter! That'll kill ya! I'm sorry, but NO! Idk My son has always been a very picky eater but he loves this Fettuccine Alfredo! Even when he went off to boot camp he called when he got stationed and asked for the recipe so he could make it for all of his roommates. You can cut down the butter and still have it taste great. I like to cut the butter in half or more. My husband had a taste for Fettuccine Alfredo and since I hadn't made this in years, I decided to look on AR for a good recipe. THIS RECIPE DID NOT DISAPPOINT!  My husband thought it to be the best he's ever had and to boot my 21 year old was in love with it as well!  I only used fresh ingredients, grating my cheeses  & making my pasta [fresh garlic too]. We did add chicken to this and wow, too good!!  As much as we love this recipe I would only make it 3-4 times a year with the high fat content, but certainly worth the treat! 🥰 Yummy! Easy and quick. I used half the butter and substituted Half and Half for heavy cream. I added a bit of flour to thicken before a slow boil. Also added Nutmeg from another review- yes a must! Served with chicken. Family pleaser:)
