Honey Vanilla Grilled Sweet Potatoes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/234334/honey-vanilla-grilled-sweet-potatoes/
Preheat grill for medium heat. Arrange sweet potatoes in a 9x13-inch aluminum foil pan. Stir butter and cinnamon together in a bowl and drizzle over potatoes. Cover pan with aluminum foil. Bake sweet potatoes on the preheated grill, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes. Stir honey and vanilla extract together in a bowl and drizzle over sweet potatoes. Return aluminum foil to cover pan. Continue cooking on the grill until sweet potatoes are tender, about 10 more minutes.
Oh my goodness these are good! I was immediately intrigued when I saw honey vanilla in the name and knew I had to try these! The vanilla extract really brings the potatoes to a whole other level of delicious! I was a little worried 2 tbsp of cinnamon would be too much, so I ended up using just over 1 tbsp, and in retrospect, 2 would have been fine. I love that these are grilled (although they could easily be made in the oven) and are the perfect pairing for grilled salmon or pork. A great way to prepare sweet potatoes in the summer months! These were a so well liked that I made them three out of four nights when we cooked out on the grill.  Very easy to make and delicious. made this recipe twice first time exactly  it was very good.  the second time i changed it up slightly.  to save time i microwaved a peeled potato for 5 min on high  the sweet potato was  tender but not totally done while it cooled down i melted the butter added the honey cinnamon and vanilla whisked together  sliced the sweet potato place in aluminum  then cored and peel 1 apple slice and but on sweet potato pour honey and butter mixture over all  grilled on the grill for 25 min This could become a Thanksgiving tradition.  Someone who does not normally like sweet potatoes may like this.  Not too sweet and easy to eat. I used a mandoline to slice the sweet potatoes and they came out great.  Will make it again soon. This recipe was amazing.  These are by far the best sweet potatoes I have made.  In preparing the dish, it seemed that the cinnamon might be a bit too heavy.  I prepared as called for and it was fine.  I love the way the potatoes carmelized. Followed the directions exactly and it came out wonderful. Loved them! Love the way the potatoes caramelized.  Could easily overeat these, they are that good.  I think I may add some onions next time for a bit of 'savory-ness' to the taste.  Delicious as is tho! 1/2 of us really like it, 1/2 didn't. Oh my goodness these are good! I was immediately intrigued when I saw honey vanilla in the name and knew I had to try these! The vanilla extract really brings the potatoes to a whole other level of delicious! I was a little worried 2 tbsp of cinnamon would be too much, so I ended up using just over 1 tbsp, and in retrospect, 2 would have been fine. I love that these are grilled (although they could easily be made in the oven) and are the perfect pairing for grilled salmon or pork. A great way to prepare sweet potatoes in the summer months!
