Apple Hand Pies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/234374/apple-hand-pies/
Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat; let butter brown to a light golden color and smell toasted, about 1 minute. Stir apples into hot butter; sprinkle with 1/4 cup white sugar, brown sugar, and salt. Cook and stir apple mixture until apples are softened, about 5 minutes. Mix in cinnamon and water; continue cooking until apples are soft and sticky, 1 to 2 more minutes. Spread apple filling onto a plate to cool. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with a silicone mat or parchment paper. Form a dough piece into a ball, place on a floured work surface, and roll into a circle about 8 inches in diameter. otdash Meredith Food Studio Spoon 1/3 to 1/2 cup apple filling in the center. otdash Meredith Food Studio Fold dough over filling, leaving about 1 inch of dough on the bottom side visible below the top side. Gently press dough closed around filling, using your fingertips. otdash Meredith Food Studio Fold the overhanging bottom part of dough up over the top edge, working your way around the crust, and pinch the overhang tightly to the top part of the crust. otdash Meredith Food Studio Crimp the edge tightly closed, pinching a little bit of dough with the thumb and forefinger of one hand and using your index finger on the other hand to push a small notch into the pinched dough. Continue pinching and notching all the way around until crust is tightly crimped together. Repeat with remaining dough and filling. Transfer pies onto prepared baking sheet. otdash Meredith Food Studio Whisk egg with milk in a small bowl until thoroughly combined. Brush top of each hand pie with egg mixture and sprinkle with about 1/4 teaspoon white sugar. Cut 3 small vent holes in the top of each pie. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until pies are golden brown and filling is bubbling, 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool for at least 15 minutes before serving. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
This recipe is amazing! I chose not to peel the apples in order to retain the nutrients. In the end, I suspect the filling would have been softer had I peeled them; however, I did not care for its extra effort. The next time I make this, I will add 3/4 t. ground nutmeg when adding the cinnamon for flavor. Do yourself a favor and make the buttercrust pie dough used in Chef John's video for a mouth-watering, super-flaky crust. For that recipe, go to foodwishes.com and type 'buttercrust pastry dough' in the search box. Click on the first link. Voila! I used store pastry, I added some cornstarch/water to thicken the apple mixture.  I used my empanada cutter but I guess I put too much filling cause they all split open but they are very tasty.  The next ones we eat will have some simple glaze added. I have looked for a recipe to make a flaky crust for a long time! And, I was wanting to make hand pies. What luck to find both in one! This was a lot of work but I learned that using the Cusinart was better than the Ninja to mix. I had to use both and learned the stop-start is easier on the Cusinart than on Ninja. The filling was delicious and the flaky crust cannot be beat. I will use this again and again. Also, for the filling I had to use Granny Smith, since that was what I had. Worked wonderfully! I would say definitely put more apples then you think in the dough Wonderful way to serve pie in a lunchbox! It was a hit!  Instead of sugar I used 1/4 cup of honey, and next time I think I’ll add a little nutmeg to the cinnamon. I used Grandma's Pie Crust recipe and cut pie shells into 8 inch circular shape and cooked my apples, etc. according to the recipe below and used the egg/milk mixture to coat the shells after they were billed before baking and they turned out FANTASTIC.  If possible, they actually taste better the next day.  I will definitely keep using this recipe  to take advantage of the abundance of apples available in the fall! More work than a pie, but I like the higher crust to filling ratio. I used the buttercrust recipe linked in this page. I made the dough and the apple filling. Didn't change anything. Well, I halved the filling recipe because I was short an apple, but it was delicious. This recipes is great. I added a touch of flour to the cinnamon in the last step for a little thickener. I made them exactly as the recipe stated. But the crust split open while baking. Not sure why but it still tasted great.
