Randy's Slow Cooker Ravioli Lasagna
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/234397/randys-slow-cooker-ravioli-lasagna/
Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir beef, garlic, garlic powder, salt, and pepper in the hot skillet until meat is browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain and discard grease. Stir pasta sauce, Italian seasoning, basil, and oregano into ground beef mixture. Ladle a generous layer of meat sauce into the bottom of a slow cooker; add a layer of ravioli. Ladle another layer of meat sauce over ravioli layer; alternate with remaining ravioli and meat sauce until all ingredients are used. Cook on Low for 3 to 5 hours. Sprinkle ravioli mixture with mozzarella cheese and continue cooking until cheese is melted, 45 minutes to 1 hour more.
I have made this lots of times, but, always in the oven. The method is basically the same. The only difference is that after I put the ingredients together in the baking pan, I COVER the pan with foil. I didn't notice whether or not the posted recipe uses cooked or uncooked ravioli. I use UNCOOKED ravioli. The layers pretty much work the same way.....I like to add a little fresh mozzarella in between the layers so it has that gooey-ness of lasagna. After I cover it, I bake it ABOUT 45 minutes to one hour at 350. Can this recipe be cut in half and cooked in a mini slow cooker? I did this recipe with sausage ravioli and wish I had just followed his directions and use the cheese. It didn’t taste so good. Also I didn’t use ground beef in my spaghetti sauce since it had sausage I feel like I should’ve used 2 -24 ounce spaghetti sauces. Because the ravioli soaked up the sauce it wasn’t bad but it would’ve been better if there was a lot more sauce. Very good tasting and very easy to make. I made this months ago, and my family loved it. I think I cooked it too long because it was mushy. I should have checked it after 2.5 hours. Next time, I will use a different brand of pasta sauce because I didn't really care for the one I used. I will also add green peppers and onions. I really liked the ease of it but prep time was much more than 15 minutes. I followed other people's advice and added the mozzerella between each layer. Tried to use one jare of sauce but ended up needing both. As everything else goes the the recipe is easy and came out great. I made this with hot Italian sausage and added layers of mozzarella and cottage cheese (didn't have ricotta) with fresh parsley for more of a lasagna taste. I used fresh mushroom ravioli and lowered the cooking time. Turned out great! Not bad, but not great. Might make again, but will definitely tweak. This is a delicious meal!! Easier than making your own lasagna!! Made it many times!! Never fails!!!
