Perfect Pumpkin Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/23439/perfect-pumpkin-pie/
Gather all ingredients and preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Whisk pumpkin puree, condensed milk, eggs, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, and salt together in a medium bowl until smooth. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour into crust. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) and continue baking until a knife inserted 1 inch from the crust comes out clean, 35 to 40 minutes. Let cool before serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio Enjoy! llrecipes/Qi A
Outstanding Flavor and very easy to make. Two combinations I love. A very sweet pie, nice appearance, and make sure to top it off with whipped cream. This recipe is by far a 5 star!! Tips: I did not use the ginger nor the nutmeg; instead I added 2 teaspoons of "McCormik's Pumpkin Pie Spice" (which includes: Cinnamon, Ginger, Nutmeg, and Allspice), along with the 1 teaspoon of cinnamon. My wife loved it but she thought it needed more cinnamon. So I made the next one with 2 teaspoons of cinnamon and she loved it. If you like a lot of cinnamon, that's the way to go. For me, I preferred 1 teaspoon, but I'd eat it either way.Thanks EAGLE BRAND® wawauwu Great pie! I made my crust from scratch but I recommend to avoid burning cook at 350 for 45 mins then turn it up to 425 and let it bake for additional 10 mins before pulling it out. Didn't have nutmeg turned out amazing! I added raisins to mine and WOWERS! Easy and always perfect! Hit with family and friends Such an awesome recipe to bake the classic dish perfectly each and every time. The spices are just spot on and they bring such a pleasant aroma and an addictive flavor profile to the pie. It pairs beautifully with whipped creambut you can also do ice-cream. You could serve it with a drizzle of honey or maple syrup if you’re in the mood for some extra sweetness. As if this recipe needs another 5 star review! It's just so fantastic and I don't love pumpkin pie but I feel like I have to have a slice of it once a year and we were able to grow a pumpkin in our garden so it was the perfect opportunity.I did adjust the seasoning as others have mentioned - but I know that even I hadn't, this pie would have turned out fantastic. I did 1.5 teaspoon cinnamon, 1/2 teaspoon cardamom, 1/2 teaspoon of fresh nutmeg, 1/4 teaspoon of ground cloves, and I doubled the ginger. This is a fantastic filling for pumpkin pie! I made a homemade crust and blind baked it. I also put foil on the crust while baking to make sure the edges of the crust so it didn't burn.  I only print out recipes I know I'll be using for forever, and this one just made the cut! This is my yearly obligatory pumpkin pie slice recipe! Amazing flavours, did add more cinnamon as per reviews BUT it burnt ;-(.Used the exact temperature but the top film was burnt. Still ate the rest of it. Any recommendations on adjusting the oven timings? Thanks. Great flavors! It comes out perfect every time :)
