Spiced Pumpkin Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/23430/spiced-pumpkin-pie/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a medium bowl, mix together the pumpkin, egg substitute, brown sugar, pumpkin pie spice and nonfat evaporated milk. Pour the pumpkin mixture into the pie crust. Bake in the preheated oven 1 hour, or until a knife inserted in the middle comes out clean.
This was my first attempt at pumpkin pie, and it was wonderful. The only problem I had was that there was too much filling for a normal pie crust, so you may want to try a deep dish crust instead. I combined cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg and ginger instead of using pre-combined pumpkin pie spice. I'll definitely make this again! Since I was making this recipe for Thanksgiving I indulged and used whole eggs and condensed milk and it turned out perfectly! This is exactly how I normally make pumpkin pies, except normally I would use 2 whole eggs instead of the egg substitute. The brown sugar adds such a nice flavour and 1 tbsp of Pumpkin Pie Spice adds the perfect amount of spiciness. I used fresh pumpkin that I had frozen, I let it drain overnight in a cheesecloth lined collander. The only thing I changed was the baking temperature, pumpkin pies are normally started at 450 for 10 minutes then turned down to 350 for the remainder, which was 30 minutes in my oven. #AllrecipesAllstarsCanada#FacelessNoMore This was perfect! Takes a lot longer than one hour. Great!  I used a deep dish pie crust, so had to adjust the baking and temp.  3/4 of the way I reduced the temp to 325 and cooked an additional 20 mins....larger pie takes a little longer to set the middle.  Turned down temp so I didn't burn the edges waiting for the center to set.  Everyone loved this pie! This was my first attempt at pumpkin pie, and it was wonderful. The only problem I had was that there was too much filling for a normal pie crust, so you may want to try a deep dish crust instead. I combined cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg and ginger instead of using pre-combined pumpkin pie spice. I'll definitely make this again!
