Liquid Vampire
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/234414/liquid-vampire/
Fill a glass with ice cubes. Combine Cabernet Sauvignon wine, cranberry juice, and raspberry schnapps in a shaker. Shake cocktail well and pour over ice.
O.M.G.!! This is one of the best drinks I've had in a long time. I thought it would be really sweet but it's not. Flavor is that of the cabernet but the schnapps and juice cut the heaviness and make it pop. Reminds me of a Kir (white wine and crème de cassis) but made with ingredients that compliment red wines and a splash is a matter of interpretation so a little or a lot is your preference. Perfect in a tall glass over ice. Careful, because it goes down real easy. Buy a cabernet you like. You can get great cabernets for under $10 (IMO). (recipe made for *RECIPE GROUP*). I know I'll make this often as it is already a favorite. Thanks MARIGOLDDESIGNS for this "Spootacular" drink recipe!! This is a nice, refreshing twist to enhance red wine. I used lite cranberry juice in mine and it was delish!  Thanks for the recipe, MARIGOLDDESIGNS! It's very sweet. I am not a fan of sweet drinks but wanted to make this for recipe group and HALLOWEEN!! It's refreshing and the color is great.  I used diet cranberry and chambord. Others liked it very much. Recipe Group Selection:  25, October 2014 ~ I bought the ingredients to make this for our Halloween dinner with my parents, brother and SIL.  I'm not a wine drinker, but I tried it.  Let's just say I loved the cranberry and raspberry schnapps mixture....the wine part, not so much.  My dear SIL (the wine lover) on the other hand LOVED it and this review is based on her tasting.  She thought the 3 ingredients went well together.  Thought a splash of the schnapps and juice was the perfect amount for a wine changer.  When she left, I sent the rest of the wine bottle home with her....I will be making my own concoction with the remainder of the cranberry juice and raspberry schnapps. Thanks, MARIGOLDDESIGNS for sharing your recipe. Happy Halloween!  Served this devilish concotion last night to my friends, it was delicious!  I used RazzMatazz raspberry.  Light and refreshing.  Vamipes, this is much better than your usual beverage, go for it!  Prepared for Recipe Group pick, Halloween, 2014.  Thanks for sharing your recipe with AR. O.M.G.!! This is one of the best drinks I've had in a long time. I thought it would be really sweet but it's not. Flavor is that of the cabernet but the schnapps and juice cut the heaviness and make it pop. Reminds me of a Kir (white wine and crème de cassis) but made with ingredients that compliment red wines and a splash is a matter of interpretation so a little or a lot is your preference. Perfect in a tall glass over ice. Careful, because it goes down real easy. Buy a cabernet you like. You can get great cabernets for under $10 (IMO). (recipe made for *RECIPE GROUP*). I know I'll make this often as it is already a favorite. Thanks MARIGOLDDESIGNS for this "Spootacular" drink recipe!! This is my recipe, and I serve it every year at my annual Halloween party.  You can see in the creepy clown picture above that I put it into a carafe with a pour spout.  For a fun Halloween effect, add glow in the dark fangs, plastic eyeballs or little skulls to the punch.  This year I called it "tears of a clown" for a CarnEvil theme!Delicious, Delicious, Delicious!!! Oh my goodness. This is so freaking good. It's almost like a wine cooler, only without the bubbles.
