Italian Style Turkey Meatloaf
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/234508/italian-style-turkey-meatloaf/
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Prepare a baking dish with cooking spray. Mix turkey, egg, bread crumbs, Italian seasoning, garlic, black pepper, and salt in a large bowl; shape into a loaf and put into prepared baking dish. Bake in preheated oven for 40 minutes. Spoon about half the tomato sauce over the loaf and continue baking until the meatloaf is no longer pink in the center, 10 to 15 minutes more. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C). Rest meatloaf 5 to 10 minutes before slicing to serve. While the meatloaf rests, warm remaining tomato sauce in a small saucepan over medium-low heat; serve with the sliced meatloaf.
I followed the recipe as written and it was super simple and a big hit - great combination! So much so that the next time I saw ground turkey on sale, I made enough for 3, put each in it's own freezer bag and stored them for easy week night dinners, just thaw and bake. Thanks for the addition to my " freezer food" repertoire! I did a bit of the “ kitchen sink” method…… sautéed some shredded carrots, celery, red bell pepper and garlic for a bit. Added some white bread soaked in milk, some breadcrumbs soaked in a little chicken broth, and then made sure it was really wet before I put it in the pan. I added some Italian herbs and garlic, salt and pepper to the tomato sauce to give it a really aromatic and robust flavor….. it’s in the oven now, hope it turns out well…..drumroll please 40 minutes to cook a meatloaf with 1 lb of turkey is WAY too long. I should have remembered 30 minutes total for that quantity is plenty.  I’ll try again, but this batch was a brick and went in  the trash.  Sad.  Has potential though. I added 2 tbs ketchup and 1 tsp onion powder to the meat mixture. I also subbed 1 cup of jarred spaghetti sauce for the plain tomato sauce  to spread on top.  Hubs liked this recipe a lot! Thank you for this recipe!  I did saute celery, carrots, onion, and garlic (finely chopped) and added it.  Plus, I added 1/2t of worcestershire sauce and a little more salt.  Delightful!  Took 40 minutes, on the nose. Changed it just a tad because I don't have a working oven. Used my microwave at medium high setting for six minutes. Stopped it at 3:30 to add the sauce. Finally, let it stand for five minutes after cooking. Came out nice, firm and juicy. It was just okay, nothing special.  If I make it again, I’ll omit the Italian seasoning, increase the salt.  I didn’t use fresh garlic but used 1 tsp garlic powder - I would increase it to 2 tsp.  I didn’t have tomato sauce so used ketchup in its place. Made exactly as recipe states just doubled the ingredients for a larger meatloaf. This was super easy and delicious, even with the textureless pink slime being passed off as ground turkey during the pandemic. My family loved this, and I'll be making this meatloaf again. This was excellent! Also very inexpensive to make! Plus super quick. Came out "pretty" too! Very light but left us full and a very clean dish. Just Loved it!
