Banana Pudding Ice Cream
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/234652/banana-pudding-ice-cream/
Combine half-and-half, both sugars, and salt in a saucepan over medium-low heat; cook and stir until sugars are dissolved, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and transfer 1/2 of the hot mixture to a large bowl. Add eggs to the bowl and whisk until well combined. Pour mixture back into the saucepan. Stir in cream. Cook and stir over medium-low heat until mixture is thickened and coats the back of a spoon, 5 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in vanilla. Pour cream mixture over a fine mesh sieve into a bowl; cool to room temperature. Stir mashed bananas into cooled cream mixture, then pour into an ice maker and freeze according to manufacturer's instructions. Fold crushed wafers into ice cream during the last 5 to 10 minutes of freezing.
This, in my opinion, is exactly what banana ice cream should be. The only things I changed were the number of egg yolks and the method of cooking. I used 3 eggs instead of 2, since that's where I start all my ice cream bases. When it came to cooking and adding the egg yolks I pulled out all the little white things (i call them the umbilical cords of the egg yolk), wisk them until they're frothy, and then pour the whole heated concoctiom into the egg yolks about a third at a time wisking it continuously and as fast as possible. I've never had a problem with egg yolks or needed to strain them out. Other than that I followed the recipe to a t and it was great. Everyone loved it! I will be making this much more! Oh, and just a tip, this overflowed my 1.5 quart ice cream maker big time. So be careful! Great base recipe! I added an extra egg per another reviewers advice, and instead of half & half I used heavy cream and whole milk, which should be the same. When making the custard, I heated it up until it reached about 177 degrees, to make sure it thickened. I ripened the custard in the fridge overnight, and added the mashed banana after that. I used an extra banana as well. I cooled the mixture down to 43 degrees before churning, and it came out super fluffy and creamy and perfect! I had some salted caramel leftover from another dessert I made, so I added that as well, in the last minute of churning, together with the crushed cookies. Definitely gonna make this again. I only have one word. …. . AMAZING Wonderful recipe, actually won 2 different small town ice cream contests with it. Just a couple of small adjustments, extra banana, little more cream, but that is it. I absolutely love this recipe, taste just like banana pudding. But I agree that it is too many steps as far as all the bowls that needs to be used. Also, the recipe as it is doesn't make a whole quart and a half, meaning it does not fill up the bowl of my Cuisinart ice cream maker. By adding an extra egg, 1/2 cup of half and half, and one extra cup of cream that rectified that problem! We make this every year for Fathers Day. It is AMAZING! Wow. So great. I did read the cranky review about how long it takes. Most frozen custard does need to chill for 8-12 hours. Following Alton Brown’s vanilla ice cream recipe I cooked the mixture to 170 degrees. Brought to room temp after cooking (in an ice bath), covered and chilled overnight then froze. I haven’t had ice cream that used whole eggs. Outstanding smooth flavor. What a great recipe for overripe bananas. Delicious and easy! I love making ice cream.I love make banana Pudding from Scratch!!I love This recipe. This is the best ice cream I have ever made.We had an ice cream social at church and my ice cream pail was the only empty one!!A great recipe if you are used to making ice cream.Always freeze the pail first and make sure your mixture is cold when you put it into the pail! The flavor & richness of this ice cream is definitely good.However, this recipe is neither quick nor easy!!  This recipe, literally took about 12 hours to execute and freeze.  The mixture would not thicken in my ice cream maker.  I had to place the makers frozen container back into the freezer with the mixture still in it.  While the vanilla ice cream base was rich, smooth, and creamy, the drawback is that when you had fresh mashed ripe bananas it gives the ice cream an icy consistency.This recipe also uses more containers than it should... i.e. one bowl for the base mix, one for the mashed bananas, one pot for the blending, and one to beat the eggs.  It just wasn't a good first recipe to start with, with a new ice cream maker (but not my first).Had I not had to cook anything, and could have just thrown all the ingredients into one container or bowl then I would have given it a 5 star rating.  still, it's a good recipe for the more seasoned aficionado if ice cream making.
