Gourmet Beer Cheese
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/234675/gourmet-beer-cheese/
Heat cream cheese and processed cheese food together in a sauce pan over low heat until melted, 5 to 10 minutes. Slowly stir beer into cheese mixture until thoroughly mixed. Add Gouda cheese, mozzarella cheese, and provolone cheese to beer-cheese mixture, stirring continually until smooth, 5 to 10 minutes. Stir Worcestershire sauce, brown sugar, horseradish, garlic, mustard, salt, and pepper into cheese mixture until well mixed and heated through, about 10 more minutes.
Delicious! This worked out great because I had a lot of leftover cheeses from a meat/cheese tray that we had on New Year's Eve. I did sub smoked cheddar for the smoked provolone b/c that's what I had, but everything else was just as is. I didn't have soft pretzels on hand, so we just used regular pretzels, and that was fine, but I can't wait to get to the store to get some soft pretzels. Really great combo of flavors...I will def be making this again~YUM! Thanks for sharing. :) Soooooo good. We used a spicy monterrey jack instead of mozzarella and after tasting it opted to use the whole block of Velveeta. Loved it. We also added smoked paprika and red pepper flakes. This came out creamy and perfect! I used Patagonia Pilsner for the beer. I used the full 8oz of cream cheese, the spicier horseradish (same qty though), and Frenches mustard instead of dried. I will make again!!! The texture turned out nice but the flavor needed tweaking for my tastes. I recommend starting with less Worcestershire and adding it after you’ve tasted, because you might have pretty salty cheeses. I also added a little cayenne and smoked paprika. “4 slices” is a vague descriptor, but I assumed it would be about 4 oz and that seemed right. It came out perfect with a smooth creamy texture.  I don't normally drink beer, but the one I used was labeled a brown ale and described as "a toasty fall seasonal beer"  I think it gave it a really rich flavor.  So good with big soft pretzels!    Made a large amount and good for a crowd Made exactly as directed (I only subbed swiss instead of gouda cause I had it) and it was fantastic!  Fair warning, it does make A LOT. Like 3x what we needed for a party of 10 people. I made it as a dipping sauce for some sausage cheese balls. It is so delicious that I'm glad there's so much leftover. Now I can make soft pretzels to finish it off. Maybe I'll share. Next time I will try the suggestions to add more beer to thin it out more like a sauce, though I thought the consistency as-is was fine for a dip. Definitely a keeper! I didn't have gouda so I used sharp cheddar and added more beer to keep it thinner per other recommendations. So tasty! Maybe I messed it up. But it was really difficult to keep the proper consistency and it just tasted like it was missing something. A few people liked it and a few people didn't. Delicious! This worked out great because I had a lot of leftover cheeses from a meat/cheese tray that we had on New Year's Eve. I did sub smoked cheddar for the smoked provolone b/c that's what I had, but everything else was just as is. I didn't have soft pretzels on hand, so we just used regular pretzels, and that was fine, but I can't wait to get to the store to get some soft pretzels. Really great combo of flavors...I will def be making this again~YUM! Thanks for sharing. :)
