Honey Pumpkin Seeds
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/234716/honey-pumpkin-seeds/
Place oven rack in the highest position. Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Line a large baking sheet with aluminum foil. Mix butter, honey, brown sugar, and salt together in a bowl; add pumpkin seeds and toss to coat. Spread coated seeds in 1 layer onto the prepared baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven for 20 minutes. Stir seeds and continue baking for 20 more minutes. Sprinkle seeds with white sugar and bake until lightly browned, about 20 more minutes. Cool seeds and store in an airtight container.
My kids went to town on these. I followed as instructed but scaled the recipe down to suit 1-1/2 cups of fresh seeds. Step #3 I put in for the 1st 20 minutes, which was fine, but barely got threw to the next 20 minutes as they were getting brown fast. So I pulled them out and dusted with the sugar, but noticed they were still browning really fast, so I stayed at the oven door and stirred every few minutes or so to keep them from burning. I removed them from the oven at about 5 minutes left from finishing the 2nd part of the 20 minutes stated in step #3. They wouldn't or couldn't bake for 60 minutes. When I removed them, I noticed the sugar melted into the honey glaze. So I dusted again with sugar for that wow factor and glad I did. They had that buttery sweet taste that my kids were saying tasted similar to kettle corn. Which I had to almost agree. Will make again. Since I only had 1/2 cup of seeds from my small pumpkin, I had to do a major reduction of the recipe ingredients. Evidently my toaster oven finished the job before adding the white sugar.  The seeds were already brown by the end of the 2nd 20 minutes.  I loved the flavor as much as I thought I would! Kids love it every holloween after we carve our pumpkins They do burn easily so a little lower temp is best. They are delightful sticky honey yumminess! We carve the pumpkin and ate the seeds in the very same day. Yum this recipe is great. This recipe was a hit! Although the oven was only set to 300° after stirring the seeds after the first 20 minutes of roasting and putting them back in the oven for the next twenty minutes, they started to brown very quickly. Good thing I was nearby and could smell them before they could burn.  So total roasting time was only 27 minutes and they were very brown. Next time I think I'll stir after the first 10 minutes and then keep them in for another 10.That being said......... They came out delicious. Couldn't stop eating them!!!! Too long to cook.  I add my honey AFTER I cook them with seasoning salt and it works out much better. A huge sticky mess. Lost half the seeds because he were permanently glued to the tin foil lined baking sheet. The flavor was very, very good. Tastes good! I decided to try a couple of new pumpkin seed roasting recipes this year, and I have to say this because s delicious! I also did a Mexican style too! I mixed the too in a bowl for myself when I was in a sweet and spicy mood!
