Chocolate Halloween Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/234743/chocolate-halloween-cookies/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Beat white sugar and 2/3 cup softened butter together in a bowl using an electric mixer until smooth and creamy; mix in 1/3 cup milk, egg, and 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract. Stir flour, 1/2 cup cocoa powder, baking powder, and salt into creamed butter mixture until dough is just combined; fold in 1 cup candy-coated peanut butter pieces. Drop dough, 1 to 2 tablespoons per cookie, onto a baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until edges of cookies are crisp, 10 to 12 minutes. Allow cookies to cool on pans for 2 to 3 minutes before transferring to wire racks to cool completely. Beat 3 tablespoons melted butter and 3 tablespoons cocoa powder together in a bowl using an electric mixer until smooth and creamy; beat in confectioners' sugar, 2 tablespoons milk, and 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract until frosting is fluffy and smooth. Frost cookies and decorate with more candy-coated peanut butter pieces.
Absolutely delicious! I baked them a few days prior to when I needed them and so I put them in the freezer. They're delicious even when frozen too! I love the colors, they're easy to make and I will definitely use this dough without the reese's pieces if I just want a chocolate cookie recipe. Yum, yum, yum! Really chocolatey rich cookie! I didn't have milk,so I used extra strong coffee in place of the milk for the cookie dough. Actually, I do this with most scratch made chocolate desserts,the coffee enhances the chocolate flavor. For the frosting, I substituted heavy whipping cream. No Reeses Pieces,in my pantry,( Not a fan of E.T.'s favorite candy. ;) I substituted Halloween colored M& M's. "Happy Halloween!" ?? These were ok. The cookie flavor was just ok. Don't think I will be making again. They looked very appealing once made I changed the chocolate and instead used caramel on one side and chocolate on the other. I have made that be for and it tastes good Great recipe easy and quick to make. These are definitely a keeper! I made them for Valentine's Day and used pink/red colored M&M's. I also put some of the batter in my mini muffin tin, and served them without the added topping. I bought my husband a huge bag of Reece's pieces for Valentine's Day, and he didn't really eat them much even though they are his favorite. I saw this and figure I'd try it.    Best. Decision. Ever. Delicious, and soft! These were sooo good! I made them for a Halloween party and they were gone in less than an hour. My one friend ate five cookies! Baking right now can't wait to try them they smell amazing
