The Ultimate Slow Cooked Chili
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/234895/the-ultimate-slow-cooked-chili/
Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil large skillet over medium-high heat; cook and stir beef, onion, and garlic in the hot oil until browned and crumbly, about 10 minutes; drain and discard grease. Season beef mixture with salt and pepper. Mix ground beef mixture, remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, pinto beans, ranch-style beans, white kidney beans, tomato sauce, Mexican-style stewed tomatoes, Mexican-style hot tomato sauce, green bell pepper, celery, chili powder, Worcestershire sauce, balsamic vinegar, garlic powder, cumin, parsley, basil, and brown sugar together in a slow cooker. Cook on High for 4 hours; stir in red wine and continue cooking for 2 more hours. (Cook on Low for 8 hours.)
I halved the recipe and it still filled my crock-pot. I did use the whole onion, green bell pepper. It is a pretty meaty and bean chili, not heavy on the tomatoes or tomato sauce for those that want more meat and bean chili. The flavor was a good balance and not spicy hot. I went ahead and added in my whole 7oz. cans of El Pato and tomato sauces, and it was still a pretty thick and meaty base. I didn't have Mexican stewed tomatoes but a 10 ounce can of diced tomatoes and green chilies was perfect to give a bit more tomatoes to the brew. The only thing missing for me after I tasted it was heat. So I added in a minced jalapeno. I totally forgot the optional red wine, but it was still good without it. This chili reminds me of the chili my friends in the Mid-west make, the ranch beans added a great flavor. Was good on a cold night and we did top with crushed tortillas and cheddar cheese. So good! I may have halved the recipe added more bell pepper no celery used northern beans not drained instead of ranch-style beans and didn't add the red wine.But I Gotta tell you THAT IS THE BEST CHILLI I EVER HAD  thank you I am considered the baker of the house, well because my wife does not bake.  Anyhow, I decided to make this chili.  My wife is skeptical most times when I am in the kitchen.  Anyhow, I chose this recipe and nothing but compliments from her.  Enough that she will not make her chili anymore.  This recipe is easy, and being that your using a slow cooker, there is no rush.  Take your time.  Enjoy your day and come home to ever blissful tasting chili. Because I can eat very hot spicy foods, I made some adjustments. I used very little hot stuff. Removed hot spicy sauce and hot red peppers. I added Golden Raisins, Baby Corn, Tomato Paste, and Roa's Marinara, beef broth and sliced mushrooms. The tiny house smells so good. I thought is was delicious. My family  and I thoroughly enjoyed this recipe. I had to make a few modifications due to my family not eating beef. I substituted ground chicken and chicken broth in place of the beef and beef broth. I did not have Mexican style tomato sauce on hand so I used a can of spicy V8 juice. It was delicious as we love a meaty/beany chili. I can't wait to try it with beef when my girls and I have our next get together. Thank you!!! Made small amount reduce ingredients and  creative seasons I didn't have as Mexican style tomatoes and tomato sauce.Other than those adjustments it was great,will make it again:-) Great chili recipe. Made it for game day this past weekend and got great compliments. I couldn’t find the Mexican style stewed tomatoes or the Mexican style hot tomato sauce so I used a fifteen oz and seven and half oz can of regular tomato sauce and put in about a tablespoon of Cholula hot sauce and I used one can of regular stewed tomatoes and a small can of Ro-Tel original diced tomatoes and green chile ‘s. It turned out GREAT and I will be making it again. I don’t like super spicy chili and this recipe was perfect. Just enough heat for you to know it’s chili but not overpowering. Perfecto. I received this recipe from a co worker after she won the chili cook off. I didn’t have the ranch style beans, but it still came out very good! My son is a picky eater and he loved to dip his tortilla chips into it. I would say that this was still a 10 out of 10 recipe. However my co-worker somehow made it a 15 out of 10! Lol.
