Banana Bread Bars with Brown Butter Frosting
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/234854/banana-bread-bars-with-brown-butter-frosting/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 15x10-inch jelly roll pan. Make bars: Beat together white sugar, sour cream, softened butter, and eggs in a large bowl with an electric mixer until creamy. Beat in mashed bananas and vanilla. Add flour, baking soda, and salt; mix for 1 minute. Stir in walnuts until evenly incorporated. Spread in the prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven until golden and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 27 minutes. Place on a wire rack to cool lcompletely. Make frosting: Melt butter in a large saucepan over medium heat until bubbling and golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from heat. Whisk in confectioners' sugar, milk, and vanilla until smooth. Spread frosting over cooled banana cake. Cut into bars.
Hubs never came across a banana bar he didn't like, including this one. This is a classic banana bar recipe, but its distinction is with the browned butter frosting which I thought was a nice complement. Great taste, lovely frosting, but I prefer mixing up the batter using the traditional creaming method - cream the sugar and butter well, add the eggs and vanilla, and finally the bananas. Add the flour mixture alternately in thirds with the sour cream beginning and ending with the flour. A second helping for Hubs after supper? I'd call these a hit! I used 3 bananas, then added apple sauce to equal 1 and 3/4 cup. And oh my gosh these were so moist and delicious! Everyone loves these! My daughters coworker said he’d pay me $50 to make them again! I have made this several times and people rave about it.  I was recently diagnosed with Celiac so am now gluten free.  I made this recipe with gluten free all purpose flour and not one person could tell it. Made this for my classroom kids (minus the nuts) who enjoyed it very much!  Some teachers came back for seconds. This recipe was easy to follow and the cake was delicious and moist. I used 1/2 c sour cream and 1/2 cup yogurt and only half of the icing (which reminds me of the candy my mom used to make). I've made it a few times; it is delicious and easy to make. I followed the recipe to the T, and it came out perfect. Followed this recipe precisely.  Came out exquisite and was really easy to make.  Thanks I have made this numerous times. These bars are amazing. So moist and delicious. The frosting is amazing. Highly recommend. Made exactly as written. These are always a hit !!This banana bar recipe turns out very moist and is always yummy!The frosting is very rich, however,  the perfect topping for these bars!! We love the brown butter in the frosting!!! However, it could well be drizzled or halved as some feel it is too sweet.Above all- these are a hit every time they're made and shared!!Thanks for a wonderful win- win recipe!!
