Authentic Russian Salad 'Olivye'
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/234949/authentic-russian-salad-olivye/
Gather all ingredients. Bring a large pot of water to a boil. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add potatoes, bring to a boil, and cook for 5 to 10 minutes. Add carrots and whole eggs and continue boiling until potatoes are tender, 10 to 15 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Drain and slightly cool mixture. otdash Meredith Food Studio Chop potatoes and carrot. Peel and chop eggs. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix potatoes, carrot, eggs, pickles, peas, ham, and dill together in a large bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in mayonnaise until salad is evenly coated. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I'm an American living in Moscow, and this is THE recipe for inviting a Russian in for the New Year's holidays. (the first week of January) I usually see it with dill instead of parsley. One can use sour cream instead of mayo, or in combination, although my Russian friends all state emphatically that one must use... well, some say sour cream, others say mayo, others say a combination. I usually add a bit of raw onion, chopped, and substitute a fresh cuc for one of the pickles, but all that's optional. Very nice, great flavours, but I added chopped onion, and sprinkled fried  chorizo crumb on top as I didn’t have ham. Also put one clove of  minced fresh garlic, salt and cracked black pepper. Used mayonnaise with a couple of spoons of un-whipped fresh cream.  I left the dill out as I’m not fond of it. It was delicious! Tried this at a Russian eatery and loved it. I have made this three times now. I just add an extra egg and double ham for my family but that is it. So good! Tried to follow this recipe but only had certain ingredients in the cupboard. Swapped out ham for continental smoked hot dogs (herta), the dill for fresh thyme flowers and left out the peas as didn't have any. One very fussy young boy and young girl ate the whole lot. Nina recipe that Woods alongside fries and salad from the garden which we need to start using now. Super delicious definitely gonna make this again. Very good recipe. A few changes are in order. 1 lb of cubed Polish Ham is the way to go. I added 1 chopped shallot but will use 2 next time. Mayo, I used about 4-5 heaping tablespoons and thinned this out with maybe 1/4 cup or so of Half & Half. Frozen peas definitely and not canned. Either go with 3-4 carrots or don't use any at all. I will absolutely make this again. I didn’t expect to like it as well as I did.  It was quite good.  Will definitively make it again. Very good,tasty would make again. I used half Mayo and half on sour cream,very good. Needed salt and black pepper.  I used both sweet and dill pickles and garlic and onion powder.  Sorry, I just need flavor. Years ago, a Turkish friend introduced me to Russian salad.She used 1/2 mayo and 1/2 yogurt. This recipe is delicious many different ways! I followed the recipe and we loved it. We’ll be making it again .
