How to Make Perfect Polenta
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/234933/how-to-make-perfect-polenta/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bring water and salt to a boil in a large saucepan; pour polenta slowly into boiling water, whisking constantly until there are no lumps. otdash Meredith Food Studio Reduce heat to low and simmer, whisking often, until polenta starts to thicken, about 5 minutes. Polenta mixture should still be slightly loose. Cover and cook for 30 minutes, whisking every 5 to 6 minutes. When polenta is too thick to whisk, stir with a wooden spoon. Polenta is done when texture is creamy and the individual grains are tender. otdash Meredith Food Studio Turn off heat and gently stir 2 tablespoons butter into polenta until butter partially melts; mix 1/2 cup Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese into polenta until cheese has melted. Cover and let stand for 5 minutes to thicken. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir polenta and transfer to a serving bowl. Top polenta with remaining 1 tablespoon butter and about 1 tablespoon freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese for garnish. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I mix 1 c. of cornmeal with 1 c. cold water stir into 3 c. of boiling water. Much easier than stirring in dry cornmeal. It sounds perfect!! I shifted regular cornmeal and used chicken broth....yummy! I would reduce salt to either reduced salt broth or a quarter of a teaspoon of salt. Great recipe.   I used 2 cups turkey broth, 1 cup milk, 1 cup cream.   Salt, pepper, and a dash of  cayenne. I used organic chicken broth . I also put the coarse polenta in the blender to make it super fine. I also put it through a siv . My topping was a mushroom ragu. Awesome meal. My first attempt at polenta. The closest I ever came before this was making instant grits.  The recipe was perfect including the Chef's Note. My polenta was ready in about 22 minutes. It seems like everyone has their own additions. Mine were pancetta and onions. I started with diced pancetta. Added diced onion when the fat started to render. My polenta was a bit fine so it thickened quicker. I added a bit of milk and got the consistency I was looking for whisking often as instructed. I want to eat the whole thing before my family gets home. I have made this recipe a dozen times.  It is absolutely fantastic!There's nothing wrong with the recipe if you convert from volume to weight, which I have always done.  On the side of the Quaker cornmeal canister, it says 3 Tbsp weighs 27g.  That equates to 143.1g per cup.  I weighed out 143g of cornmeal and put it into a measuring cup and it came up a little short.  If one's cornmeal has finely ground particles in it, it will weigh more.  This may be causing the "shortage" of water...too much cornmeal if it is measured volumetrically.  This is the exact reason bakers use weight instead of volume.  Dry ingredients can compress and have different particle sizes, wreaking havoc on volumetric measurement accuracy.  FYI the recipe is 947g water, 143g cornmeal, and 60g Parmigiano when converted to mass.  I salt to taste and butter is too easily measured.  TBH, I double the butter because no one wants a fat-free polenta...or ANYTHING for that matter.  I use this polenta as a bed for Osso Bucco.  I removed 1 star for the ridiculous intonation he uses in his videos. Loved it I’ve tried this recipe multiple times, with both medium and course grind cornmeal. The recipe has far too little liquid, and not nearly enough cooking time. I’ve compared it against other recipes, and sure enough, the recommendations for liquid to cornmeal tend to be anywhere from 5:1 to 7:1, and cooking time of at least 45 minutes. Why have I tried multiple times? I figured it was user error. Finally I’ve come to terms with the fact that nope, it’s the recipe.
