Bloody Fingers
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/234945/bloody-fingers/
Mix peanut butter, powdered milk, and honey together in a bowl until mixture resembles a soft dough. This will be the 'flesh' of the fingers. Mold enough dough around each pretzel rod, making sure to cover the ends. The pretzels will be the 'bones' of the fingers. Use the tip of a teaspoon the make marks on the 'flesh' similar to knuckles. Push 1 sliced almond onto 1 end of each 'finger' to resemble a finger nail. Place jam in a microwave-safe bowl and heat in microwave until softened, 20 to 30 seconds. Dip the end opposite the 'finger nail' into the jam for the 'blood'.
This was fantastic, just like the picture! They were really good, like peanut butter and jelly with a little crunch. It was too sticky when I first mixed it up, so I let the batter sit overnight in the refrigerator and used gloves when I molded it around the pretzels the next day. We used half a pretzel rod for each finger, and then used half of those to make toes. Really fun & easy to make!! I too refrigerated the batter overnight, it makes it firmer. Also used a rolling pin to make sheets of the batter which I could then cut to size with a knife and simply wrap the pretzel. I dont know if its the peanut butter I uses but I could not get the fingers to maintain their shape. This was fantastic,  just like the picture! They were really good, like peanut butter and jelly with a little crunch. It was too sticky when I first mixed it up, so I let the batter sit overnight in the refrigerator and used gloves when I molded it around the pretzels the next day. We used half a pretzel rod for each finger, and then used half of those to make toes. I would cut the recipe in half next time. It makes way to much peanut butter mixture. With my left over siting in the refrigerator for a few days I thought it tasted better. This recipe was easy..(a bit time consuming) but worth every second. It was so much fun to serve and surprise my friends, coworkers and students with this freaky finger treat.  The dough went a long way, I made almost 60 fingers (30 pretzel rods broken in half). Very cute idea for Halloween, and the taste was decent.  The kids got a kick out of them.  But what a greasy gooey mess trying to cover the pretzels.  They needed to go immediately into the freezer and have to be eaten straight from the freezer as well, otherwise the shape will completely fall apart. What an awesome recipe! This is so easy to make and it's a great variation on the peanut butter candy (honey, powdered milk, and peanut butter) that my mom made us when I was a kid. Not only do these look great, the pretzel in the middle of the peanut butter mixture adds a great crunch. I used 1/2 sugar Smuckers strawberry jam for the blood and thought that the color was perfect. Thanks for the recipe! Note: I find that these are served best right out of the freezer or refrigerator. When I make them, I refrigerate so them right away so they keep their shape until serving time. They make a perfect Halloween treat or a great snack after a workout! These were so much fun for the kids and I to make!! Just the right balance of creepy & tasty!! These are a much healthier version than the chocolate ones.  They also look very realistic and taste great!  Thanks for this recipe, can't wait to take it to my party tonight!!
