Apple Cider Pulled Pork with Caramelized Onion and Apples
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/235162/apple-cider-pulled-pork-with-caramelized-onion-and-apples/
Combine hard apple cider and 1/4 cup brown sugar in a slow cooker; mix until dissolved. Add pork tenderloin. Cook on Low for 6 hours until very tender. Shred pork with a fork. About 20 minutes before pork is finished, melt butter in a large skillet over medium-low heat. Cook and stir onion in butter until well browned, about 10 minutes. Combine remaining 1/2 cup brown sugar, cinnamon, and onion powder in a small bowl; season with salt and pepper. Stir apples and brown sugar mixture into onion in the skillet. Cover and cook until apples are tender and sauce has thickened, about 10 minutes. Spoon shredded pork and apple-onion sauce over rolls to serve.
This was divine and I ate way too much. Yum! I used 16 oz of Guiness and 20 oz of fresh apple cider, and had no Granny Smith, just used the little red apples that I had (didn't need to cook them as long as they were a softer variety). Waiting for the onion to brown was almost torture...can't wait for the leftovers tomorrow! Thanks for the awesome recipe! This was really good, especially the next day. I just used apple cider and added salt, pepper and crushed red pepper flakes. I  caramelized the onions for about 30 minutes, and some fresh garlic and crushed red pepper flakes with the apple mixture. I also toasted the rolls with garlic butter before serving. I really liked this.  Couldn’t get a good read on how my wife’s family felt about it though.  Got hard rolls from bakery donut display at Cub and Angry orchard hard apple cider from target liquor. One of my favorite meals!!!I followed the recipe except.. I used 2 cans of hard cider, added salt and pepper to the pork, toasted and buttered the buns. Came out AMAZING!!! Outstanding recipe My husband and I have made this twice now. We used regular apple cider and hard apple cider. Both were delicious. Regular cider makes the meal more sweet. Hard cider adds a nice yeast taste to the pork, which we felt paired nicely with the sweetness in the apple topping. We served it over toasted ciabatta rolls. We used angry orchard apple crisp cider. Very delicious and easy to make. Will be making this again real soon ?? Good stuff I loved the flavor combination in this sandwich! I did add some salt, pepper and garlic into the slow cooker with the pork. I ran out of butter for the onions and apples so I used some coconut oil. I agree with one review that said the pork was lacking a bit. When I make it again I'll probably add some beef broth and vinegar and only use two bottles of cider. Great comfort food meal! Served the pork, apples, and onion over homemade cornbread "open face sandwich" style as my boyfriend and I don't like when bread is such a major component of a dinner. I am so happy that I chose cornbread to pair with everything versus serving it on a roll; something about the deliciousness of the cornbread with the sweetness of the apples and pork is absolutely delightful! We will definitely try this again some time even though it does take longer than 20 minutes total to cook the onions and apples to our specific tastes. I didn't want the apples or onions to still have a strong crunch to them and, in my opinion, caramelized onions need to be cooked very low and very slow in order to be done "right". All in all, I would cook this again for us one night... I may even try another different twist the next time!
