Real Hungarian Goulash (No Tomato Paste Here)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/235135/real-hungarian-goulash-no-tomato-paste-here/
Melt lard in a large pot over medium heat. Cook and stir onions in hot lard until soft and translucent, 5 to 8 minutes. Stir beef and paprika into onions. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 1 hour, stirring occasionally. Add 1 cup water and simmer, adding more water if moisture gets too low, until meat falls apart and onion sauce is thick, about 1 hour more. Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Perhaps there's something "lost in translation" but Goulash (Gulyas) is a soup (leves). This appears to be the recipe for Marhaporkolt, which is a very nice recipe, but I would brown the meat in the pot first and then remove it before browning the onions then add the beef and the paprika. Don't let the paprika "catch" because it goes bitter. This is how my Grandmother, from Hungary, taught me how to make it.  The only difference is we added garlic.  Love this dish!! This is beyond delicious! So simple! A day after minor surgery I was able to throw it together! I've made it 4 or 5 times, twice with olive oil and butter. Okay, but  it's well worth it to find lard. In my grocery store had it, but it was marked "manteca." Makes a huge difference in the sauce, smoother and does not separate. I also trim my angus stew beef very well. No fat.I've been experimenting a little. For everyone who complains when you fiddle with a recipe it's a different dish, but as I said it's delicious as written; just trying a couple different things. I've added a clove or two of garlic, and right now, I'm cooking it with finely slivered mushrooms, like the onions. Instead of adding water, I figure I'm getting a little extra flavor from mushroom water, but will add water as needed. I'm also adding a little Hot Hungarian Paprika with the sweet paprika. After it's simmered for 2 hours, it blends in beautifully.Just absolutely love this! It was good. I did add 2 tsp of minced garlic, and used beef broth. A good quick meal for those nights when you're tired! I had "paprika", but no idea what kind. I'll be sure to look for Hungarian paprika at the grocery store for next time. My husband and I made this recipe last night for dinner.  We made one change and added seasoning to the meat as we prepared it rather than when the goulash is completed.  Ours probably simmered any extra 45 minutes or so as we were not ready to eat before then. We served the goulash over egg noodles and were both amazed at how much flavor was in a simple dish made from nothing but onions, beef (I used stew beef), paprika and water!  We loved this and will be making it regularly in the future. My husband and I both liked it. he said, "This is good. It is definitely a repeat." This is the way my Mom from Innsbruck made it.  I would caution people to check their paprika.  Make sure you use Hungarian paprika and not Spanish paprika.  Totally different flavor.Don't be frugal with the onions.  Instead of water, try using beef broth if you don't feel there is enough flavor. My family is from Vienna and this is how we make Goulash.  We use half onion/half beef, add pferoni peppers.  Delicious! Very good. Reminded me of Poland. Wonderful. Will make again any time
