Whipped Pumpkin Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/235146/whipped-pumpkin-pie/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Combine graham cracker crumbs, 2/3 cup sugar, and melted butter in a mixing bowl. Mix until evenly moistened, then press into the bottom and halfway up the sides of a 9-inch springform pan. Place pan on a baking sheet. Bake the crust in the preheated oven until lightly browned and toasted, about 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow crust to cool. Beat cream cheese and 1/2 cup sugar together in a large bowl with an electric mixture until light and fluffy, 2 to 3 minutes. Beat in pumpkin puree until completely incorporated. Fold whipped topping into pumpkin mixture; stir in nutmeg and pumpkin pie spice. Pour pumpkin mixture into graham cracker crust. Cover pie with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight. Gently remove pie from springform pan.
I decided to bake the crust in a foil lined, 9” x 9” square pan instead of a springform pan. When making the crust, I added ¼ teaspoon of cinnamon to the graham cracker crumbs and butter. For the filling, I used 15 oz. of my own homemade pumpkin puree. I omitted the ½ teaspoon of nutmeg and instead used 1 teaspoon of pumpkin pie spice (recipe from this site: Pumpkin Pie Spice II). After refrigerating the pie overnight, I lifted the pie out of the pan and cut it into squares. This is a different version on traditional pumpkin pie and with the tweaks I made, we enjoyed this creamy, light and fluffy treat. This was the Allrecipes Buzz Recipe Group selection for October 4, 2014 and I will definitely make it again. Thank you, luvtocook for sharing your recipe! I made this recipe exactly as it says. I took it to a family gathering which my sister was holding and everyone loved it. The consensus was that it looked more complicated to make than it is. I will make this again and again. Its delish and it looks pretty too! Been making this dish for a long time. I know it was just updated recently. Reading some of the comments and people using cool whip... DON'T USE COOL WHIP! No wonder you're not liking it as much! Use REAL CREAM! Cool whip is NOT a good substitute for something like this. If you actually followed the recipe completely through its fantastic. This is super easy to make even with heavy cream and getting it whipped. The taste is far superior then when using the fake stuff cool whip, which is just a bunch of hydrogenated oils. This was easier than a Chiffon Pumpkin Pie and the taste was great.  I followed the exact recipe and might add a little more spice the next time.  Big enough to share as its rich! The filling is very creamy, so you can modify this recipe into Pumpkin Tiramisu by adding cookies instead of crust. Impress your guests this Thanksgiving! Haven't even tried it yet as I trust it will be good, but I would have really loved to know at the start of the recipe that this would take all night to refrigerate and cool. This is amazing; like a pumpkin cloud! But the quantity of graham cracker crumbs for the crust seemed way off. I wish they would add how many graham crackers to use to make the right amount. It called for three cups. After I created the crust, I had crumbs left for about two more pies. I have made this three times now (twice using a ready-made crust) and it never disappoints. This was delicious!  I did decrease the amount of sugar in the crust by 1/3 and it was plenty sweet.  Added 1/2 tsp of pumpkin pie spice to the recipe. The entire family absolutely loved it!  You can try a drizzle of real maple syrup for added sweet if you want. Only change I made was eliminating the nutmeg and increasing the pumpkin pie spice a bit.  It was ok, but nothing special. For a 10"  springform pan, double the ingredients plus 2tsps of cinnamon, 1tsp ginger, 1/2 tsp freshly grated nutmeg and 1/4 tsp grd. cloves. I pulsed 1 box of gingersnaps, added 12 Tbsps of melted butter (could use a couple of tablespoons less up to 3) and 1/2c of sugar and baked it for 10 mins. I also used extra creamy whipped topping (×2 - 8 Oz containers). The batter was to die for! I could have eaten the whole bowl by itself.Thank you so much for posting this simple and easily adjustable pie recipe @luvtobake!
