Strawberry Oatmeal Breakfast Smoothie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/23539/strawberry-oatmeal-breakfast-smoothie/
Gather ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Blend soy milk, oats, strawberries, and banana in a blender until smooth. Add sugar and vanilla and blend again until smooth. Pour into glasses and serve. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
I absolutely love smoothies!! They are one of my favorite breakfast items....except I made this one for my lunch today. I love the oatmeal in it, but think that 1/2 a cup is a little too much. I used quick cooking oats since that's what I normally have on hand and substituted a container of strawberry yogurt for the strawberries. I have not been able to find a decent batch of strawberries yet this year. They are not sweet for some reason, so I'm a little hesitant to buy them. Anyway, the oatmeal made this smoothie VERY filling and I too omitted the vanilla and sugar since I used vanilla flavored soy milk. Great new find...thanks Astrophe. I added 3 dates, no sugar, and no extract. Turned out wonderful. Very filling and a great flavor and consistency after thoroughly blending. Taste Perfect! It was very good, many people complain that it was grainy or they could taste the oatmeal but I couldn't. The first tip I will give to those people is let the blender cycle for at least a minute, on mine I just press the smoothie button, and let it cycle for at least a minute, maybe more if you do not have a quality blender, I have a blendtec blender I use fresh strawberries over frozen not as cold as it would be if it had frozen but that doesn't bother me so much. Highly recommend this recipe to anyone. It was good, I doubled it because it says it only makes 2 servings. We ended up with 10 servings. I swapped whole milk for soy milk and it needed 6 tablespoons of sugar. I tried 2 cups of cherry berry mix instead of strawberries, Great flavors! I used almond milk instead and no suger.i also added plain yogurt .I feel it didn't need any sugar.o ya I also added chia seeds I added mixed berries and pineapple to the recipe. No sugar or vanilla. It's sweet enough. Great recipe! Filling too! Loved it! Added teaspoon of vanilla extract instead of 1/2 and also 2 tablespoons of sugar, made it so much more rich! It was pretty good! The only thing I can dock this recipe on is possibly the addition of the oats. It does add a slightly grainier texture to the smoothie, but I don't mind this personally. Some might, hence why I gave it 4 stars and not 5.
