Gorgonzola Cream Sauce
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/235470/gorgonzola-cream-sauce/
Place a heavy skillet over medium heat. Pour cream into skillet, bring to a simmer, and cook cream until it reduces by half, about 8 minutes, stirring occasionally. Season with salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper. Bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Pour dried ravioli into boiling water and cook, stirring occasionally, until pasta is tender, 16 to 18 minutes. Drain pasta, reserving a cup of pasta water. Gently fold cooked ravioli into cream sauce and turn heat to low. Mix in Gorgonzola cheese, stirring gently until melted. If sauce is too thick, thin it with a little pasta cooking water. Stir in 2 tablespoons parsley and Parmesan cheese. Transfer to a serving bowl and sprinkle with diced apple, walnuts, and 1 teaspoon parsley.
I had a delicious gnocchi in Gorgonzola sauce at a restaurant and I wanted to recreate the dish at home. I loved the added crunch and flavour from the walnuts and apples. That made it better than the original dish. It's easy to make and is good enough to serve to company. I used regular cream rather than heavy cream and gnocchi instead of ravioli. I'll be making this again the exact same way. Amazing! New family favorite!  I used fettuccine noodles and toasted Italian bread crumbs. Soooo good! This sauce was amazing and came together so easily!  I made the sauce exactly as written.To mimic a local restaurant dish that we love, I used gnocchi instead of ravioli and added sautéed mushrooms and a few handfuls of spinach.  Finished with toasted pine nuts.  The sauce is a keeper and tastes restaurant worthy!! My husband adored the cream sauce.I followed the recipe for the sauce but varied the other items. I used farfalle pasta and served thinly sliced medium rare ribeye with a light drizzle of the sauce on top. The apple was a nice complementary topping. I didn't use walnuts as that is something my husband doesn't like.I didn't need any additional salt and I put the fresh ground pepper on top of the dish rather than in the cream sauce. This recipe is simply amazing and I have made it three times since originally coming across mid-august! I was looking for a Gorgonzola cream sauce for our steak and mashed potatoes a few Friday’s back (imitating a recipe we once had at a local restaurant). That time just did the sauce and if you cook per the instructions, it does thicken quite nicely. Loved it so much we made it twice since, to follow the rest of the recipe ;) including the pasta, apples and walnuts! Used mushroom stuffed ravioli (brand Rana - refrigerated section).  Today, made yet again and added minced garlic to the cream simmer and fresh spinach at the end. Yes, you could totally add chicken! Or sautéd mushroom! Or serve the sauce over chops (include the apple!!) or large, grilled portobellos! I can see all the ways I will use and reuse this recipe! We love that this is super easy to make. It IS very rich and filling (with the pasta) but leftovers have turned out good! Thanks again for another winner of a recipe!! It’s a new favorite that will go on repeat! Yum Wow! This is fantastic! It seemed, at first, like it would be complicated, but it wasn’t at all. My family raved about it. I’m saving this recipe with my “Recipes to make to impress dinner guests”. Chef John never lets me down. Amazing! I made the sauce with heavy whipping cream and added 3 oz of feta cheese crumbles instead of blue cheese, added gnocchi and a bag of fresh spinach! It was delicious with grilled shrimp and Texas toast on the grill. Made the sauce exactly as described and it’s perfect! Change from ravioli to linguine and added chicken, then topped exactly as described. A delicious crowd pleaser from the toddler to the adults. Every plate at the table was cleared. Next time I’ll make a double batch since it went so quick! Made the sauce following the recipe exactly. Made a velvety thick delicious sauce. Wonderful!
