Copycat V8 Juice
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/235433/copycat-v8-juice/
Gather the ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Process tomatoes, onion, 3 tablespoons plus 1/2 teaspoon celery, carrot, beet, green bell pepper, and garlic through a juicer. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir together vegetable juices, water, lemon juice, 1 1/4 teaspoons sugar, horseradish, Worcestershire sauce, and black pepper in a large pot. Bring to a boil and cook until flavors blend, about 20 minutes. Meanwhile, sterilize the jar and lid in boiling water for at least 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Ladle juice into the jar. Stir 1 tablespoon sugar and salt into juice. Wipe the rim of the jar with a moist paper towel to remove any residue. Top with the lid and screw on the ring. otdash Meredith Food Studio Process juice in a pressure canner at 10 pounds of pressure for 35 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove the jar from the pressure canner and place onto a cloth-covered or wooden surface until cool. Press the center of the lid with a finger to ensure the lid does not move up or down. Remove the ring for storage and store in a cool, dark area. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I made this but incorporated the pulp by simply adding all of the ingredients, chopped, to a pot and boiling for 20 minutes. This is then allowed to cool and transferred to a blender to puree. If you don't like pulp, do not try this method as it creates a very, very thick juice. Those of you finicky enough to no like the horseradish because of its presence will hate my version.Using the ingredients listed, only varying with a whole red and a whole green bell pepper and medium carrot, yielded a bit more than 48 ounces.Second variation: Juice all the vegetables and set juice aside. Return all the pulp to a pot, add water and all other ingredients to soften for the blender and allow flavors to come together.Add juice and boiled ingredients to a blender and puree.This has the double advantage of keeping much of the nutrients intact through the juice of the vegetables that is not boiled and enhancing anti-oxidants that are created by boiling the pulp (tomatoes and carrots for instance are more nutritional cooked). http://www.webmd.com/food-recipes/how-to-keep-your-veggies-vitamin-packedhttp://healthyeating.sfgate.com/boiling-vegetables-deplete-nutritional-value-1438.html Growing up in Braddock, Old man Pete and Phil from Zinns would walk the garden and pick vegetables after a day at the track. I remember little Greg with a light blue Members only jacket make this awesome juice!! I loved this recipe. I didn't have a juicer but I did have a food processor and an immersion blender.I placed all ingredients in food processor for about 2 minutes then cooked as recommended. After cooking, while still hot, I used the immersion blender for about 1 minute.Strained the mixture in a mesh Strainer.I added an additional 1/2 tsp of horseradish and an 8 oz can of tomato paste to thicken it.This recipe can be adjusted for taste  but overall I give this a 9.5 out of 10.Excellent homemade juice is far healthier than store bought.Love it Very good juice, leave the sugar out, no need for it! This does not taste anything like V8 juice but it is not beyond redemption.  Was not planning on canning the juice, but refrigerating it for immediate consumption.  Now will not be consumed until palatable adjustments have been made to a bland V8 attempt wannabe. I’m on my second batch. I took the recipe and adjusted it for 25 pounds of tomatoes. The first batch was a bit sweet so am eliminating sugar on this batch. As for the horseradish, I juiced horseradish root and it’s awesome. I also added a little mustard with horseradish in batch #2. It great straight and nice for a bloody. Makes about 9 quarts. This recipe as close as you can get to V8. Very delicious! This drink is delicious and very close to the real V8 Juice recipe.  Next time I make it I will cut back a little on the celery.  Loved it. I made this raw, as I am juicing. However there are some serious oddities in the amounts of ingredients. 3/8 of a carrot? What does that even mean?  And two listed amounts of celery?  Also the amount of celery listed is incredibly small. I refrained from the horseradish. Just wish the author would fix the very odd amounts listed for ingredients...my raw version was fantastic though! Followed recipe but added two jalapeño peppers and omitted the horseradish.  Makes a great Bloody Mary.
