Chef John's Creamy Mushroom Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/235589/chef-johns-creamy-mushroom-soup/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Melt butter in a large soup pot over medium-high heat. Sauté mushrooms and 1 pinch salt in the melted butter until mushrooms release their juices, 5 to 10 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-low and continue to cook, stirring often, until juices evaporate and mushrooms are caramelized, 15 to 25 minutes. Set aside a few attractive mushroom slices for garnish later, if desired. Add onion to the mushrooms; cook until onion is soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir flour into the mushroom mixture and cook, stirring often, to remove the raw flour taste, about 2 minutes. Add thyme bundle and garlic cloves, then pour in 4 cups chicken broth and 1 cup water. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 1 hour. Remove and discard thyme bundle. otdash Meredith Food Studio Purée soup with a blender in batches until smooth and thick. otdash Meredith Food Studio otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in cream. If too thick, add a little chicken broth or water. Season with salt and black pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Ladle into bowls, and garnish with reserved mushroom slices and thyme leaves. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
This does take some time to prepare, so plan accordingly. Actually, for my mushrooms to reach the color in the video, it took a solid 30+ minutes at a low temp. BUT, don't rush because this step brings richness and enhances the depth of flavor in the soup. I halved the recipe and used an immersion blender (instead of a blender) which emulsified the soup to a creamy texture. Very nice and a little decadent :-) Loved the recipe. Second time making it I added a pinch of cayenne pepper and substituted 1/2 cup of white wine and 1/2 cup of cream for the 1 cup of water. So yummy either way you make it. Will be enjoying it again this weekend for the Canadian Thanksgiving. This is my second time making this soup. The first time I didn’t follow the instructions as well as I should and was not as pleased with the results. This time, I slowed down and cooked the mushrooms for a longer duration as the recipe calls for. I use butter with salt and don’t have fresh thyme but did have dried that I mixed in with the mushrooms as well as some parsley and rosemary. With that, I really didn’t need to add any salt or other seasoning at the end. This soup is outstanding. I suggest pureeing it until smooth. Great recipe. I had some carrots that needed to be used so added them in with the broth. Also used coconut milk (1 can) instead of cream. Very tasty and worth the time to make! Thanks Chef John for another winner! This is very good soup. I used cremini mushrooms and lactose free milk and I didn't have thyme so I tried fresh basil instead and blended it right in with an immersion blender. Delicious flavor! There is just no comparison between this and canned cream of mushroom soup. They are entirely different foods. Yummy! It's a good recipe but I did make a few changes in mine.  I did not sauté the mushroom in the 4 tablespoons of butter.  Although the butter adds richness, I did not want all that fat in my soul. I cooked the mushrooms in a small amount of chicken broth until soft and the liquid had evaporated.  Then I added 2 tablespoons of butter instead of 4 and the onions and cooked until the mushrooms browned and the onions softened.   I used a good quality chicken bone broth for added protein instead of regular chicken broth which doesn't have anywhere near the amount of protein as bone broth does.  I also omitted the cream and the flour and used whipped cream cheese to thicken the soup which has less calories and fat than heavy cream does.  The whipped cream cheese not only thickened the soup but gave it some added flavor. Great recipe, even better with a little good Sherry added at the end. This was really good, used cremini, portabella and white. didnt use all 4C of water and added extra clove garlic. This isn't a review.  I have a question.  As far as the quantity of mushrooms, is it 16 ounces total, or 2 packages of 16 oz. each for a total of 32 oz.?  Thank you.
