Nancy's Butternut Squash and Apple Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/235569/nancys-butternut-squash-and-apple-soup/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Pour enough water into a baking dish to be about 3/4-inch deep. Lie squash halves into the water with the cut side facing up. Roast in preheated oven until a fork easily pierces through the flesh, 45 to 50 minutes; Remove from oven and flip squash; let cool enough to handle. Melt butter in a large pot over medium heat. Saute shallots in hot butter until softened, 5 to 7 minutes. Pour 3 to 5 cups chicken stock into the pot; stir. Add apples to the stock; bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer until the apples are tender, 20 to 30 minutes. Use a fork to scrape the flesh from the butternut squash, finishing with a spoon to get the last bits away from the skin; add to the simmering stock. Add remaining 3 cups stock to the pot, bring mixture to a simmer, and continue to cook until everything is heated through, 5 to 10 minutes. Puree soup with an immersion blender until smooth.
Excellent soup!I roasted the squash, added apple cider and pumpkin, plenty of carrots and heavy cream. It was incredible! Sent some to my brother in law who was ill. My family went crazy for this. For days they text me on how much they loved it. It is addictive you can't stop eating it. By far, this is one of my favorite dishes from this site. It lacks flavor. You will need to incorporate spices for flavor to able to enjoy this dish Loved this recipe... Added a little bit of nutmeg and cayenne at the end. Will definitely make again! Had too much apple flavor compared to squash, so I added a little clove, cinnamon, curry powder (just a pinch), a tablespoon of half and half, salt and pepper.  The spices balanced out the apple flavor nicely. Nice recipe! Tasty, thick soup.  More like a bisque.  Next time I will try the optional white wine.  Maybe sherry?  It was just fine without it.  Could save time by buying pre-chopped veggies. Easy and delicious.  Since I am vegetarian, I substituted veggie broth for the chicken broth.  The soup was a real hit on a cold winter day. I'm at least an 80/20 Paleo eater and this was a super treat even in the summer.  I followed the recipe closely and it was easy to make and delicious to eat. Of course, no sour cream for me, but I can't say I missed it. I added some peppers, zuchini, and summer squash with the onions. It was delicious! Excellent soup!I roasted the squash, added apple cider and pumpkin, plenty of carrots and heavy cream. It was incredible!  Sent some to my brother in law who was ill. My family went crazy for this. For days they text me on how much they loved it. It is addictive you can't stop eating it. By far, this is one of my favorite dishes from this site.
