Roasted Butternut Squash, Garlic, and Apple Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/235573/roasted-butternut-squash-garlic-and-apple-soup/
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Arrange butternut squash halves, carrot chunks, sweet potato chunks, and whole garlic head onto the prepared baking sheet. Drizzle 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil over the vegetables; season with rosemary, salt, and black pepper. Roast in preheated oven for 20 minutes, turn the carrot and sweet potato chunks, and continue roasting until everything is tender, 20 to 30 minutes more. Set aside to cool. Use a spoon to remove flesh of squash from skin. Cut carrot and sweet potato into small pieces. Squeeze roasted garlic from skin. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large pot over medium heat; add celery and onion. Season the celery mixture with nutmeg and cayenne pepper; saute until the celery and onion are tender, about 8 minutes. Add apple and continue to cook and stir until apples begin to get hot, about 2 minutes more. Pour vegetable broth and apple cider into the pot; bring just to a boil, reduce heat to medium-low, and cook at a simmer for 30 minutes. Stir squash, carrot, sweet potato, and garlic to the pot. Blend soup with an immersion blender until smooth.
FANTASTIC! Best squash soup I've ever had, and love that there's no fattening cream involved. So smooth and hearty. Hmmmm. Made it without apple juice. I thought it might mask the sweet squah and yam flavors. Didn't miss it. Perfect on a blustery Fall night. I thought the soup was to tart, tasted like green apples.  I only used 2 granny smith and the juice.  I added a little sugar, a little cream, and finally bought another squash to add to it.  To much work for me and to sour. This is very good. I took a shortcut and cooked the vegetables in the broth and apple cider instead of roasting them. It still came out awesome.  I used cayenne pepper and curry, and oh my! Delicious! Very flavorful and not too heavy as some soups like this are. I like a soup like this without any heavy cream. I just finished this recipe and it just tastes like garlic and onions. I am very disappointed. Please message me if you have any tips to fix this- Sour cream? More carrots or squash? Almost two hours for something nearly inedible. :( First time I made this I accidentally used apple cider vinegar...but I tried again and followed the recipe except I used 2 Braeburn apples instead of Granny Smith. The soup is delicious! Roasting the veggies makes all the difference in taste. Good flavor and texture.  I would decrease the cayenne because it definitely had a bite to it.  Also, adding a garnish like a dollop of sour cream and/or crispy fried onions really adds to it. I followed the recipe , except in respect to the cayenne.  As I don't like a lot of spice, I only used 1/8 tsp of cayenne but added 1/4 tsp curry.  The soup is delicious Very tasty.  Takes a while to make, but worth it.  And it makes a lot!  I toned down on the cayenne and think I could have cut back a tad more.  Good flavors,  great texture and good vegetarian recipe! I will start by saying this was delicious, and I will absolutely make it again! This time I followed the recipe very closely. The biggest change is that, not having an immersion blender, I boiled all the roasted veggies with everything else for a few minutes and put in some good effort with a normal potato masher. To add a touch of creaminess I added about 5 tbsp of neufchatel cheese. The end result was creamy soup with small chunks of roasted veggies rather than a fully blended soup. Which was awesome. My only critique is that it was a little too sweet. Next time, I will halve or possibly skip the apple cider in favor of relying on the actual apples for a more subtle flavor.I served it with herb stuffing roasted in the hollows of the squash, added at the 20 minute mark and honey butter crescent rolls.
