Slow Cooker Pepper Steak
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/23567/slow-cooker-pepper-steak/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Sprinkle beef sirloin strips with garlic powder. Heat vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat and sear beef strips, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer to a slow cooker. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix bouillon cube with hot water in a separate container until dissolved, then mix in cornstarch until dissolved. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour into the slow cooker with beef strips. Stir in onion, green peppers, stewed tomatoes, soy sauce, sugar, and salt. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cover, and cook on High for 3 to 4 hours, or on Low for 6 to 8 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio
This recipe was DELICIOUS and sooooo easy to make! My grocery store had pre-sliced "Beef For Stir-Fry" on sale, so I substituted that for the sirloin and it turned out fantastic (it also saved alot of time and effort not having to slice the meat myself)! I followed the recipe exactly and it was done after about 6 hours on low... the meat was super tender and almost falling apart! The sauce was a little bit thinner than I like, so I took another tablespoon of cornstarch and mixed it in a small bowl with a little bit of the sauce, then dumped it back into the crockpot and mixed it up real well. Then I let it cook on low for another 30 minutes and this thickened the sauce up perfectly! I served it over steamed white rice and then served the leftovers the next day with mashed potatoes -- both were YUMMY! My husband and I really loved this recipe and I'll definitely be making it again! A family favorite! This was delicious! I would recommend cooking on low not high though. I was really surprised with how long it cooked the meat was not tough! Almost everyone in our family went up for seconds! Definitely will be making this again! I used grilled  chicken thighs and it was the best thank you Did one green and one red pepper everything else as listed This came out fantastic! The crockpot and I have a tumultuous relationship,  but this came out lovely.I did empty my tomatoes into the same pan I seared my beef strips. Gave it a huge extra beefy flavor, with all the fond (cooked bits) stuck on the bottom of the pan. 100/10 stars. I'll be making this on repeat all year long. Followed the instructions (except for incorporating a red pepper in there too and cutting the veggies more into strips than chopped) and man this could not be any better. It'll go perfect over rice or mashed potatoes, or in a burrito if you're like my mother and myself and just throw everything possible into a tortilla with salsa. Even my two year old asked for seconds, veggies and all! Three hours on high was the perfect time ratio.
