Slow-Cooked German Short Ribs
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/23564/slow-cooked-german-short-ribs/
In a small bowl, combine 2 tablespoons flour, salt, and pepper. Coat the short ribs with the flour mixture. In a large skillet, heat the olive oil over medium-high heat. Brown short ribs in olive oil. In a slow cooker, combine onions, wine, chili sauce, brown sugar, vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, mustard, and chili powder. Mix thoroughly. Transfer the short ribs from the skillet to the slow cooker. Cover, and cook on Low for 6 to 8 hours. Remove ribs, and turn the slow cooker control to High. Mix the remaining 2 tablespoons of flour with 1/4 cup water, and stir into the sauce. Cook for 10 minutes, or until slightly thickened.
Oh. My. Goodness. Just finished eating dinner and it was awesome. I used 4 pounds of short ribs and doubled the sauce on the advice of other reviewers. I did reduce the sugar and would reduce it even more next time. I didn't have any chile sauce so I used ketchup and some hot sauce, a nice dry red wine and half a can of beef broth. Cooked these ribs in my crock pot on high for 2 hours and then on low for about 4 hours. The bones all fell out of the meat and I didn't even need a knife to cut through! Be sure to skim the fat off before you boil the sauce at the end of cooking. Served this with mashed yukon gold potatoes to catch all that yummy gravy and steamed broccoli, cauliflower and carrots. Next time I will reduce the sugar a little more and maybe add a bay leaf and some herbs like rosemary and thyme. Can't wait to attack those leftovers tomorrow! This is excellent. I didn't make any changes to the recipe. This is my favorite Short Rib recipe now after trying dozens. I doubled the recipe and I've made it many times over the years.  The sauce is decadent and delicious!! Absolutely delicious and easy to make.  A few adjustments on my end.  I broil to brown[less messy], I add real maple syrup instead of brown sugar.  I also add sliced jalapeno, red & yellow bell peppers, sliced Portobello  mushroom, garlic, and snow peas adda nice touch.  I use a whole bottle of chili sauce.  Mouth watering and complements to the original post of this recipe.  I can not eat this out anymore.  It was one of my "go to" meals.  There is usually enough gravy left over.  I freeze it and then slow cook skirt or flank with it low and slow 8 hrs.  Pair the short rib with mac n cheese and you'll create a fantastic dinner party meal. This is a perfect dinner for a snowy day.  The sauce was delicious!  We served the short ribs over Kluski noodles.  I will definitely make this again! Loved it.  My wife enjoyed it also: plans to use it on her pot roast recipe. It was absolutely amazing.  Added half cup of brewed coffee to the sauce. It came out great. The flavor was excellent.  I paired it with mashed potatoes, red cabbage and applesauce.  I think that, when I make it again, I will use a bottom round roast instead of the short ribs.  There was too little meat and too much bone and fat.  Otherwise, it was very good. I made this recipe as written. I won’t review a recipe that I altered. It was simply delicious. The sauce has a nice depth and just the right balance of tang and sweet. The beef is very tender and so flavorful. It was elegant and cozy at the same time. If I make it again, I will double the sauce. It is also a little greasy so I would make it ahead of time so I could chill it enough to remove the grease before I reheat it. I served it over spaetzel.
