Jen's Maple Pumpkin Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/235684/jens-maple-pumpkin-pie/
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Place pumpkin halves, cut-side down, on prepared baking sheet. Roast pumpkin in the preheated oven until tender, about 1 hour. Set aside until cool enough to handle, at least 15 minutes. Remove seeds from pumpkin and discard. Scoop pumpkin flesh into a food processor and blend until smooth. Reduce oven temperature to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). While pumpkin is roasting, roll out pie dough to fit in a 9-inch pie dish. Crimp edges to form a border. Refrigerate dough until chilled, at least 45 minutes. Line chilled pie dough with 2 sheets of aluminum foil and pour pie weights into the foil. Bake in the preheated oven until crust is set on the sides and lightly golden on the border, about 25 minutes. Remove aluminum foil with pie weights. Whisk egg white and water together in a small bowl. Brush border of pie crust with egg white mixture and return to oven. Bake until bottom of the pie appears dry and set, about 10 minutes more. Remove crust from oven and reduce temperature to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Whisk 2 cups pumpkin puree, cream, eggs, brown sugar, maple syrup, flour, vanilla, cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves, and salt together in a bowl until smooth. Pour pumpkin mixture into baked pie crust. Bake pie in the preheated oven until just set in the center, about 50 minutes.
It was really good. I did double the recipe and use a little less of the whipping cream so it would be more dense. Very tasty! I paired this with Maple whipped cream This recipe was very easy to make, and the flavor and texture was wonderful.  My family liked it better than a pumpkin pie made with canned pumpkin!  will be using this recipe again! I used it as a baked pumpkin pudding, no crust.  Recommend! It was really good.  I did double the recipe  and use a little less of the whipping cream so it would be more dense. Really good pumpkin flavor and everyon loved it! I doubled the recipe and made two pies and had some left over which I cooked without a crust.
