Slow Cooker Whole Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/235713/whole-chicken-slow-cooker-recipe/
Gather the ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix salt, paprika, cayenne pepper, onion powder, thyme, white pepper, garlic powder, and black pepper together in a small bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Rub seasoning mixture over entire chicken to evenly season. otdash Meredith Food Studio Put rubbed chicken into a large resealable plastic bag; refrigerate, 8 hours to overnight. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove chicken from the bag and cook in a slow cooker on Low until no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear, 4 to 8 hours. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh, near the bone, should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio
I've made this several times, tweaking it a bit each time for my preference that night, and it is excellent. What's better is that it is amazingly simple: Coat the chicken and throw it in the pot. If you really want to complicate this recipe then you can try throwing it in the pot from a distance, maybe 3-point range. For me, I just plop it in there and get delicious results. I’ve been cooking chicken this way for years. My family doesn’t like the way the chicken literally falls apart when it’s done. So I learned a little trick. I place 4 rolled up balls of aluminum foil under the bird prior to placing in the pot. I also put sliced onions, baby carrots and halved celery stalks on under the chicken to add flavor.Oh, and I never seasoned overnight. Who has time and the foresight for that? I do rub butter under the skin and brush a light coating of olive oil on top. Then season as you like.The chicken will be moist and delicious.Best part is that you can use the bones, leftover veggies and dripping to make an amazing bone broth. Absolutely loved this and thought the spice blend was perfect. Followed the recipe with a little change because I didn't have separate white and black pepper ingredients, instead used what I had on hand was a melange from fresh ground peppercorns. I also subbed out regular salt for kosher sea salt flakes. An old slow cooker was handed down to me from my mother in law. I've never had or used one before so it sat in my cupboard collecting dust until recently I happened to get a free whole chicken.  I always look to allrecipes when I need to try something new. Turns out I think this is the easiest way I've ever cooked chicken. It took roughly 6 and half hours on low, I used a meat thermometer to be sure about when my "free" chicken was done.  I am so pleased to have discovered both a great recipe and another useful way to cook. So tender and juicy!  I went a little heavier on the onion and garlic powder and lighter on the cayenne and black pepper - to suit my husband's taste. Delicious! Followed recipe to a tee. Thank you for sharing. I did not marinate and it was so juicy and delicious! I left it in for almost 9 hours 🤦🏽‍♀️ and the meat was falling off of the bone! I only did 3 tsp of salt. I did sit the chicken over an onion and I added tumeric which gave it beautiful color! This is my new favorite recipe! Thank you! So Easy.  So Juicy.  I Make it all the time. Very easy and a better way than mine!! I made this today & it was DELICIOUS!!  I did add a cup of water though, because I wanted to make a gravy with the juice (for potatoes & maybe even for the chicken). I also added 1/2 teaspoon of each seasoning into the rue for the gravy. I love spicy!!  YUM!! I bought a huge yellow skinned chicken for $6.50 (not the USA) and found this recipe.  I put a quartered onion, slices of celery and 2 huge halved carrots in the bottom of the cooker.  Since I do NOT eat the skin, I put all of the spice mixture UNDER the skin at various places. Cooked low, NO added liquid, at elevation, for 8 hours.  Moist, tasty and superb~!!
