Sarah's Frozen Pumpkin Spice Cocktail
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/235785/sarahs-frozen-pumpkin-spice-cocktail/
Combine cream, milk, pumpkin puree, pumpkin liqueur, and pumpkin pie spice together in a blender. Add ice cubes. Blend until smooth, 30 to 45 seconds.
I like blended and frozen drinks, so after trying the limited edition Kahlua® pumpkin spice holiday flavor I decided to see if I could come up with a drink. It is tasty! Please use the heavy whipping cream. It is available in small pint-sized containers. It is not much, but it adds a necessary creaminess to the drink texture. I used 100% pure pumpkin puree from a can not the pumpkin pie filling. The pumpkin puree and spice also adds to the pumpkin flavor. I made this drink in a Vitamix blender, so adjust blending time as needed to create a uniform consistency. Garnish if desired with additional pumpkin spice, whipped cream, or both. Thank you for trying and enjoy! Awful I'm not a cocktail drinker but even I liked these. It's creamy and not too overwhelming with alcohol. I served this for guests who do like cocktails and everyone loved them. Great for Christmas dinner. Thank you for the recipe. The taste is excellent. It tastes about like a pumpkin pie Blizzard or milkshake. The first time I made it I wasn't counting ice cubes and added too much ice and it got pretty thick, so I had to add more milk to get it to blend. The second time I added more Kahlua to get more of the taste and less ice, but it was great both times. Just be prepared, it will still get thick in the blender. This is good! When my husband first asked what I was making, I said, "A pumpkin spice Kahlua drink" and he made a face and said, "You lost me at pumpkin spice!" ;) It didn't sound appealing to him, but he changed his mind! I made it as the recipe called for, but we really couldn't taste the Kahlua much, so we added another 1/4 cup. Perfect! We will make this one again.  Ours definitely didn't look as pretty as the picture though. ;) Thanks for the recipe! I like blended and frozen drinks, so after trying the limited edition Kahlua® pumpkin spice holiday flavor I decided to see if I could come up with a drink. It is tasty! Please use the heavy whipping cream. It is available in small pint-sized containers. It is not much, but it adds a necessary creaminess to the drink texture. I used 100% pure pumpkin puree from a can not the pumpkin pie filling. The pumpkin puree and spice also adds to the pumpkin flavor. I made this drink in a Vitamix blender, so adjust blending time as needed to create a uniform consistency. Garnish if desired with additional pumpkin spice, whipped cream, or both. Thank you for trying and enjoy!
