Apple Crisp Cheesecake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/235776/apple-crisp-cheesecake/
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Stir lemon juice and water together in a bowl; add apples to stop browning process. Whisk 1/3 cup sugar and cinnamon together in a separate bowl. Beat cream cheese and 1/4 cup sugar together in a bowl using an electric mixer until smooth; add egg and vanilla extract and mix until evenly combined. Drain apples and transfer to the graham cracker crust. Sprinkle cinnamon-sugar mixture and oats over apples. Pour cream cheese mixture over apple mixture. Bake in the preheated oven until top is just beginning to brown, about 40 minutes. Cool on a wire rack, 1 to 2 hours. Refrigerate until completely set, 3 to 4 hours.
This was a fun recipe for me. Instead of using the traditional springform I went with one of my 10x12 pans because of making assorted cheesecakes in bar form for serving trays. I also chose to make my own graham cracker crust and tripled the cheesecake batter, what I really should have done (I'll know better next round) was also triple my small Granny Smith's, cinnamon & sugar and oats. While the flavor was there, because of my alterations, I didn't pack enough humph for that apple-y goodness (this was my opinion not my family's). The recipe is a keeper regardless of how I made it fit for what I was doing. The apples were seasoned nicely as my hubby and kids said, the crust was good. And the cheesecake was nice, firm and still creamy. I used a water bath method and when it started getting that golden color I needed. I turned off the oven without opening it and let sit in the oven an additional hour before removing. Not one crack or separation in my batch at all. Then I refrigerated over night and cut the next day. It was perfect as everyone that was sampling it said. It's a must try for sure. I made as written but doubled the cream cheese topping. I also made the cracker crust as recommended. We made this exactly as described in the recipe, though we had to make the graham cracker crust first. I used 1.5 cups of graham cracker crumbs with 1/3 cup of sugar and 1/2 cup of melted butter, stirred together and patted into the bottom of a regular pie pan. Then I topped it with the apples etc. just as described in the recipe, and baked it all together (rather than pre-baking the crust alone).It turned out very nicely. The flavors all mesh together well, and the richness of the crust was a nice contrast to the thin apple slices, sweetened oat layer, and creamy cheesecake topping. We had just been apple picking, and we used a big Cortland apple for this recipe, which was a great choice.One friend thought it had too many layers, and the layers separated too much when she was trying to eat it. I didn't have that issue; all those layers seemed fancy to me, perhaps a bit more work than my usual dessert, but I did find the cheesecake layer thinner than I expected. I'm glad I didn't double it this time, however, because it may not have stayed balanced in a regular pie pan. The cheesecake layer inflated quite a bit in baking, then shrank down once out of the oven, but luckily it didn't overflow. If I ever make this again, I may try a deeper, flatter pan and increase the proportions to make sure the cheesecake part is thicker. Then again, it did cut beautifully into pie-shaped wedges, so there's nothing wrong with making it according to the recipe. I made this yesterday and found the following; easy to make, I agree with the square pan idea and also I cooked the graham cracker crust to ensure a crisp crust. The only thing I want to do better next time is incorporate more apple flavor. The taste was bland for me, I made the receipt as stated. I would like to make it again, just maybe needs for cinnamon and maybe more than one apple. The original recipe didn't give a pan size, or at least I didn't see one. This would have been better in an 8x8 or 9x9 pan. This recipe is so simple, and it turned out really well. I used a pre-made graham cracker pie crust, one large Gala apple (it was huge) and, because I did not have quick oats, a few glops of regular oats that I cooked beforehand, about 1/2 cup cooked. I was a little worried about that part but it turned out fine, and tasted like an apple oatmeal cookie with very light cheesecake on top. I will probably make this again, and I'd like to try it with my own graham cracker crust in a square pan, as bars. I made this recipe as written. I decided to cook it all in the premade pie crust. Watch it closely, because it can burn quickly.  Not a very sweet dessert which was perfect. Topped it with some whip cream! Very tasty, followed recipe no changes. Would make it again. This is a delightful recipe that combines two of our favorite desserts,  apple crisp and cheesecake.  I made them in individual cheesecake  spring form pans, double the amount of apples and topped it with a little whipped cream.    We loved it. I usually make a desert with apples for Thanksgiving for my family to enjoy and have made several from here. This one was a big hit! Everyone loved It! Thanks for the great idea. I made this as written, except for doubling the apples, as the ones I had were small. The apple and the cheesecake taste great. I'm not sure what happened with the oatmeal, but it looks and tastes raw. I will try this again with tweaks. Nice light dessert.   We loved it! Made this up yesterday!  Very easy to do though I did do a couple things differently. I added a bit more cinnamon maybe close to double as I did not measure, as well as a lot more vanilla (I always do when recipe calls for it Love this stuff lol) so more like a good tablespoon or more lol. I also used different apples then suggested as I had a bunch to use up which is why I made this originally. I also made my own crust. I used a 10 inch spring form pan. This was easy to prep and put together. I followed the directions for cooking and it looked perfect when it came out. We haven't tried any yet as I am saving it for tonight for dessert!I can't imagine it not tasting amazing! So far the only thing I would do differently is at least double the cream cheese part as I found it needed to be spread a bit to cover the entire top. A bit of the cinnamon mixture got caught up in it though I might not spread well lol I added 2 more ounces of cream cheese. It was great.
