How to Cook Trout
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/235851/how-to-cook-trout/
Melt butter in a saucepan over medium-low heat until butter smells toasted and is golden brown, about 1 minute. Turn off heat. tacy Alle Line a baking sheet with a piece of aluminum foil. Place trout onto foil; open trout so skin sides are down. Drizzle each trout with about 1/2 teaspoon melted butter. Generously season with salt and black pepper. Move an oven rack to 5 or 6 inches below the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler on high heat. Broil trout until opaque and barely firm to the touch, 2 or 3 minutes. Remove from oven. tacy Alle Return pan of remaining melted butter over high heat; stir in lemon juice and parsley. Bring butter sauce to a boil; whisk to combine. tacy Alle Serve trout on plates and drizzle with butter sauce. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
Simple and easy to make, but most of all delicious! I think this could be made with other fish such as salmon, cod, etc. Super easy and delicious!! 😋 This was so easy and yummy!  I would have taken a picture, but we ate it too fast!  Yet, it looked exactly like the pictures shown.  Make sure you have any and all sides ready as this really only takes 3 minutes to cook!  You'll want to enjoy it hot! So simple and so good! My husband and I love this recipe. As well as being delicious it’s so easy to make. I’ve made this recipe about a dozen times and have had consistent results. If your oven is like mine you will have to broil it about 5 minutes longer but check it every couple minutes so you don’t overcook it. So easy and so delicious! The super simple butter sauce was terrific on a fish which literally took 3 minutes under the broiler. I had to use dried parsley because I didn't have fresh, but for sure next time I will be sure to have fresh parsley available. I added a little more butter and some chopped garlic to the butter sauce pan (after it was poured onto the fish) and added some fresh basil to it. That went on the small "gourmet" potatoes which steamed with the green beans. Quick, easy and delicious meal. Thanks, Chef John. My favorite fisherman is bringing me more trout next week and I'll do the same thing again. No changes. Great recipe. Loved it. Had to cook it 6 min in Alberta Canada. Could be due to altitude. Thanks very much. Plus I love the recipe name TROUT!! Fantastic! So simple to make! My wife and I loved it! Easy and delicious, first try!
