Copycat Panera Broccoli Cheddar Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/235874/copycat-panera-broccoli-cheddar-soup/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion; cook and stir until tender and translucent, about 5 minutes. Set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Whisk 1/4 cup melted butter and flour together in a large saucepan over medium-low heat. Continue to whisk and cook, adding 1 to 2 tablespoons of milk if necessary to keep the flour from burning, 3 to 4 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Gradually add milk while whisking constantly; stir in chicken stock and bring to a simmer. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook until mixture is thickened, about 15 to 20 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add broccoli, carrots, celery, and sautéed onion; simmer until all the vegetables are tender, about 10 to 15 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in Cheddar cheese until melted; season with salt and pepper to taste before serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I made this soup and my husband (who is not a really big soup fan) could not get enough of it. Only difference I made to the recipe was using 1 cup milk and 1 cup cream (since I had it on hand), rather than 2 cups 2%. Also, I didn't have the full amount of cheddar, so I threw in maybe 1/3 cup slab of veleeta to make up the difference. But I almost never have velveeta, and would recommend sticking with the cheddar just out of principle's sake. I used the stock to make the flour thickener rather than the milk/cream (just a preference). Then I added the milk and cream at the end with the cheese. It was definitely a delicious and thick soup, just like Panera's. Yum! Thanks a bunch, gildawen! Yum! Family fave!! I cream about 1/3 of the soup right before I put the cheese in. This is a a double batchI added Cajun seasoning to my bowl , no I’ll add it to the whole pot ! This was delicious and not as difficult as I would have imagined. My mother, husband, and daughter loved it too. I added some tarragon and a little coriander to give it a little more depth. I'm planning to make it again this week and am going to add some fresh corn cut off of the cob. I might substitute a little beer for some of the milk too, to remind myself of some delicious beer cheese soup I had in Golden, CO recently. When my kids were little, they were crazy for Panera Bread Broccoli Cheddar soup. They would eat one bowl there and take another to have at home. Needless to say this added up $. I tried numerous versions but none were quite right. Until I made this recipe. Spot on!The changes I made were:shredding the carrots on a hand shredder rather than cut into matchsticks-so much easier and faster.adding half and half instead of milk and adding it after the vegetables and stock had cooked. This gives the vegetables time to impart their flavor and removes the chance to scorch the dairy.I used my immersion blender for a quick couple of seconds. This was fast, easy, and delicious I gave the recipe 4 stars because I almost never follow the original recipe, but I use it as my base and it was good. The soup was great and I will definitely be making it again throughout the fall and winter months. The only thing I did differently was I used a combination of half and half and heavy whipped cream instead of milk. I also sautéed minced garlic with the onions (didn’t have celery), and seasoned the soup with ground pepper, onion powder, garlic powder and seasoning salt. I also used a mixture of sharp cheddar, mild cheddar and Colby jack cheese. I kept it simple as far as the order of the recipe. I sautéed the onions and garlic, and then I added 4 cups of chicken broth, carrots, and broccoli to the sautéed veggies. I let that simmer for about 20 minutes, and I mixed in the flour and butter thickener. Lastly I added the half and half and heavy cream, and stirred in the cheese. It was a little too cheesy so i thinned it out with the broth and dairy and it was perfect. I served it with grilled ham and cheese sandwiches and my husband and kids loved it. Definitely a keeper. I increased the broccoli to 2+ cups and increased the cheese to 3+ cups. Then I added chopped rotisserie chicken that I got from Costco at the very end. Serve some garlic bread on the side and you have a complete meal. Added 1/2 cup milk & 1 cup chicken stock after adding veggies Used shallots instead of onionsAdded 4 cups of shredded sharp cheddar & about 1/4 chicken broth at the endS & p to taste Amazing recipe; it has made its way into our regular meal rotation (all 4 kids and husband get excited about it). Good for a comfort food type meal on a cold day, and delicious enough to wow company!I cook the onions in the full amount of butter, then add the flour directly to that. As recommended by others, I add the veggies and chicken stock and let simmer till tender, then add milk last, with the cheese.We use whatever cheese we have on hand (herb & garlic or old cheddar, mozza, parmesan, provolone, etc).I add a dash of Worcestershire sauce and a bit of mustard powder along with seasoning salt and pepper. I couldn't eat this because of the dairy, but made it for my husband. He loved it! I used the same amounts of ingredients, but changed the order of the recipe steps to make it easier. I started with Step 2 first for making the roux. Then, followed the first part of step 3 to finish making the roux, whisking constantly. Bring to a simmer and then leave the roux on medium-low. On to the veggies! I used my dutch oven (or go ahead and use a small stainless steel stock pot) and sautéed onion, carrots, and celery for about 3 minutes. Then, I added the broccoli (fresh, not frozen florets) to the veggies and added about ½ tsp salt and ½ tsp pepper. Continue sauteeing for about 3 minutes. Also, keep an eye on the roux and whisk it intermittently—you might want to reduce the heat to low until you are ready to add it to the veggies. Add the roux to the pot with the veggies. Mix to combine and simmer for about 20 minutes. Stir in cheddar cheese until melted. I used an immersion blender to puree the soup for my husband since he had several teeth extracted recently, but he sure would have loved to eat it sans puree! The soup looked and smelled so good I was jealous I could not eat it! I have tried a lot of cheddar broccoli soup recipes. I think this will be my go-to from now on. It is so easy and just excellent! I used all the ingredients as described, but I did change the method. I had a generous 1 1/2 c of broccoli already partially steamed. In a large saucier, I added the celery, carrots and onion to 4 T melted butter and cooked the vegetables until limp. My S&P to taste was 1/2 tsp salt and 1/4 tsp coarse black pepper. Stirred in the 1/4 c flour and stirred constantly and let it cook with the vegetables another 3-4 min. Combined the broth and milk. Added 1 cup broth/milk, whisking constantly into the flour mixture, and then continued to add the rest of the broth/milk. At this point, I brought it up to a boil, added the broccoli, and then turned the pot down to simmer and let it cook for about 20 minutes. I added the cheese, kept the heat on low, and cooked it for another 10 minutes. It turned out beautifully and got rave reviews from everyone. I even heard a couple of "better than Panera's" uttered. (I did make this again, and the 2nd time, I did add 1 generous teaspoon of Better than Bouillon chicken stock paste -- it added a very pleasant richness. Also, broccoli could be added with the cheese towards the end -- just a matter of preference on how soft the broccoli should be). I used olive oil for making the roux, and cut it down to three tablespoons of each to make the sop a little less thick. I cooked the carrots and celery the full amount, but added the broccoli at the halfway mark so it was a little less "done". To those who say it can lack flavor, make sure you use a good sharp cheese, or try a little garlic salt, or my favorite last minute addition, a drop or two of Tabasco. No one thinks its hot, it just has a little more tang. The use of 2% milk instead of half & half, which I have seen in some recipes, makes the soup a little less rich, but then you can butter your French bread or rolls!! The family loved it. Made a double batch was excellent 👌 Really tasty! I blended half of it for a thicker soup just my preference I used coconut milk because I’m lactose intolerant Can’t taste the coconut milk just makes it creamier I NEED HELP! After I added the cheese, it got grainy. It was very tasty and my toddler loved it. I would appreciate any insight into this issue 😊 I loosely followed this recipe and it came out amazing.I used the 2x ingredient list.Some changes I made:8oz sharp cheddar and 8oz gouda (shred your own from a block, it makes for a better texture)I also omitted the carrots, but only because we lost power while cooking and I didn't want to open my fridge more than I needed to.I didn't measure out the milk exactly and I added some heavy cream, about 1/4 cup or so.This recipe is great and required little prep. My family loved it and I will definitely make it again! It's fall now and we look forward to this soup every fall and winter. The only thing I do differently is add either small homemade meatballs or cubed ham . I serve this with crusty baguette and we are quite satisfied! I’ve made this several times and love it. Now that I’m doing Keto I’m going to try using almond flour and Fairlife Milk (it’s just got less carbs and more protein than regular milk) Had some broccoli and carrots,  found this recipe and had a great dinner.
