Autumn Squash Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/235978/autumn-squash-soup/
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Spread butternut squash cubes onto a baking sheet; season with 1 teaspoon salt and cinnamon. Roast squash in preheated oven until fork-tender, about 30 minutes. Melt coconut oil in a large pot over medium-high heat. Stir curry powder and a few dashes salt into the oil. Saute apple and onion in the seasoned coconut oil until softened, about 10 minutes. Pour vegetable broth and almond milk into the pot; add butternut squash and bring the liquid to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer about 20 minutes; season with salt. Pour soup into a blender no more than half full. Cover and hold lid in place; pulse a few times before leaving on to blend. Puree in batches until smooth.
I made the recipe exactly as written. It was a perfect combination of flavors and my family loved it! Will definitely make it again. This was absolutely delicious! So easy to follow. I didn't have coconut oil/milk, so I used tbsp of oil and regular milk. I also swapped garlic and onion powder for the cumin,  for taste preference It was easy simple to follow.  I don’t have to go to Panera Bread now. Fantastic.  Good combo of earthiness, sweetness, and spice. We loved it as is! This recipe for squash soup is the tastiest and easiest. I have tried many recipes and this is by far the best. I received many compliments from people who say this is better than restaurant soup. Another good thing about this soup is that it is great for vegetarians and vegans. Five stars all the way with this recipe. Save this recipe and toss the others. This tastes exactly like Panera's Bread autumn soup! The other ones that add pumpkin, only tastes like pumpkin soup. This is the one you need to try to enjoy their soup at home. I did add 1 tsp ground clove and because I had a lot more then 3 cups of butternut squash I used a full cup of Almond milk unsweetened My kids ate it up! Yes I will make it again. This recipe has wonderful flavor as specified.  I made it according to the instructions, but used more squash, as I defrosted and used 6 cups that I had in the freezer.  It was quite thick and I thinned it with cream as needed to make it more like a soup than a stew---I'm sure that upped the calories, but the flavor was rich and terrific!
