Brazilian Grilled Pineapple
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/235932/brazilian-grilled-pineapple/
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil the grate. Whisk brown sugar and cinnamon together in a bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Transfer into a large resealable plastic bag. Add pineapple wedges to the bag; shake well to coat each wedge. otdash Meredith Food Studio Grill pineapple wedges on the preheated grill until heated through, 3 to 5 minutes per side. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Make it exactly how it says except my wife (who is from Brazil) Said don't grill it. Bake it in a covered glass dish. The juice ends up being soaked up and provides a much better flavor. We had this for the first time at Brasa Brazilian Steakhouse in Niagara Falls a couple weeks ago. It was probably the most delectable food item we ever put in our mouths. So when we got back home, I searched a recipe for it. I always trust ATK's recipes as most have never failed me. So I bought a pineapple and made this. This amount of seasoning was enough for probably 3 pineapples. Way WAY too sweet. For one pineapple I suggest using no more than 1/3 - 1/2  cup brown sugar and the cinnamon to your liking. What I forgot to do was wipe the pineapple slices dry because my pineapple was a little on the ripe side and it was kinda juicy and the seasoning didn't coat evenly. I grilled them on my Blackstone and honestly that's the way to go and I will make it again. Just cutting back on the sugar like I mentioned. This recipe is delicious.  The addition of the cinnamon to the brown sugar was AMAZING!  Everyone, young and old, loved this and ate every bit.  Everyone said it's the best pineapple they have ever had.I'll be making it again for the 4th of July weekend. Delicious! We will cut back the cinnamon next time to 1.5 teaspoons rather than 2 teaspoons. So good, and easy! I did exactly.what it said and it was amazing! We didn't put it on the grill, just left it in the dish and it was wonderful, reminded me of eating at the Brazilian restaurants. We also didn't' use a plastic bag, I put the sugar and cinnamon in a flat dish and then coated the pineapple on both sides before placing in dish. This was finally the recipe I was looking for. So simple and extremely good. Usually serve it alongside barbecued ribs. so good it is delicious amazing I smoked ours for about 1 hour at 200 degrees with wild cherry on the second go. I will say the one I smoked is talked about more by neighbors and family I have shared this recipe with.
