Slow Cooker Beer Pulled Pork
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/235950/slow-cooker-beer-pulled-pork/
Place pork into the slow cooker. Season with salt, pepper, onion powder, and garlic powder. Pour beer into the bottom of the slow cooker. Cover and cook on High for 1 hour. Reduce the heat to Low and cook until meat is tender and can be easily pulled apart with a fork, 8 to 10 hours. Remove pork from the slow cooker and shred with two forks. Discard cooking juices. Return shredded pork to the slow cooker and stir in barbecue sauce. Cover and cook on Medium for 1 hour.
You had me at Shiner Bock :) I made a few changes because I needed half the pork without BBQ sauce, so I wanted a bit more seasoning. Used a pork shoulder because that all the grocery store had. Doubled the spices listed, plus added 2 tsp of hot paprika and 1/2 tsp of cayenne. I put half of an onion sliced in the bottom of the crock pot with some sliced garlic, put the pork fat side down on top of the onion/garlic, rubbed the three sides of the pork with the spices, poured in the beer and threw in a few drops of liquid smoke. Went to bed and when I woke up, I had the most delicious pork I've ever made. Easiest thing I've made in a very long time! Used Stubbs Original sauce on the half that got sauce, but with the pumped up spices, the pork without sauce makes amazing tacos :) I’m not particularly crazy about pulled pork bc it’s usually over-seasoned & loaded with sweet bbq sauce, but I decided to try this along with a coleslaw recipe on this site that had a lower sugar content. This came out beautifully-it basically fell apart with a fork, was flavorful & not sweet. I added a small amount of bbq sauce (Stubb’s hickory bourbon) to the cooked pork & let my guests decide if they wanted more. The slaw came out very well (I cut the sugar in half). Used a pork tenderloin. Made a few adjustments based upon reviews like adding liquid smoke.  I put the dry rub on the meat and refrigerated for 24 hours before slow cooking. It was a hit!  Will make this again. So easy and so good! Use a better BBQ sauce. Anything with "High fructose corn syrup" isnot as flavorful as either home made or a sauce without corn syrup. So easy and so delicious! I cooked As directed using a 5 lb. pork butt. I did add back About 1⁄2 cup of the juices back Because I did not want it to be anywhere close to dry. I used 1/2 Sweet Honey barbecue sauce And 1/2 Misquite barbecue sauce For some smoky flavor. Also added about 1/2 Sweet onion very finely chopped.  All 6 of us really enjoyed it. Will be making it on a regular basis. Super easy to make.  Followed the recipe, just added one sliced onion and some garlic for extra flavor.  It was yummy and a hit with everyone in the family.  Will do again. Really good. I think a little less salt would be ideal. Super easy, I wasn’t making a lot but one 2lb pork loin and followed the cooking instruction, I used my own seasoning and a 12oz budlight, cooked it on high for 1 hour then low for 8 after I poured the BBQ (sweet baby rays) into it stirred it up right put it on low for 1 more hour and it came out so tender and delicious, definitely a super easy recipe and super delicious
