Crispy Vegetable Pakoras
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/23595/crispy-vegetable-pakoras/
Sift chickpea flour into a medium bowl; mix in garlic, salt, coriander, turmeric, chili powder, and garam masala. Make a well in the center; gradually pour water into the well and mix to form a thick, smooth batter. Heat oil in a large heavy saucepan over medium-high heat to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). While the oil is heating, dip cauliflower florets and onion rings in batter to coat. Working in small batches, fry battered vegetables in hot oil until golden brown, about 4 to 5 minutes. Drain on paper towels before serving.
Love this recipe... I'm a midwesterner who married an Indian, so I'm always looking for recipes that make him call me his "Indian wife"-- this is one! For our tastes, I double all the spices in the batter-- make the trip to the indian market, it's worth it. I use whatever veg I have on hand (try carrots, spinach, broccoli, mushrooms), dice them small, and add the whole lot to the batter and stir. Then drop by tablespoons into the hot oil. Don't worry, they will form together into patties when they cook (or if they fall apart a little, they're so tasty no one will mind!), cook until they seem just a little overdone to make them good and crispy. They're not bad the second day, if they last, just a bit soggy. Reheat in the oven. alot easier to make than I thought I didn’t have chickpea flour so substituted oat flour. Gave some to my neighbors and the handyman working on my house - everyone loved it! I don’t usually eat califlower but must admit it was delicious in this recipe! I've made this several times and made variations with the veggies. Always wonderful! Amazing recipe!  The whole family loved it—none left to snack on later.  Will certainly be making it again. batter is really crunchy and tasty! These were amazing!! I chopped up veggies and mixed them into the batter as suggested. They did not fall apart. They were a wonderful light flavor and tasted great without mint chutney to dip them in! I did not have any coriander so I subbed a combo of cumin and curry powder * Really tasty.. I also doubled up the spices, mainly because mine aren't the freshest... I over did the veg, put far too much in, so didn't think they'd hold together... they did, were very veggie, and delicious... Thank you VeggieGoddess for the recipe... They were good, I used both chili and cayenne and fried in ghee. For vegetables I used sweet potato and thin sliced, quartered onion. Makes a delicious gluten free side for soup. I took the advice of others and doubled all the spices. I also didn't have any chickpea flour handy, so I used all purpose flour, which I knew would change the texture. It was, as expected, a little chewier than the original recipe would likely have been but the flavour was spot on! I put in frozen spinach (thawed and squeezed), diced mushrooms and onions, as that's all I had available when the craving hit. I will have to go pick up some chickpea flour and give this another go.I couldn't wait and made these again the following day but this time with chickpea flour. Amazing! This time I added spinach and shredded carrots. I'll be making these again.
