World's Best Lasagna
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/23600/worlds-best-lasagna/
Gather all your ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook sausage, ground beef, onion, and garlic in a Dutch oven over medium heat until well browned. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in crushed tomatoes, tomato sauce, tomato paste, and water. Season with sugar, 2 tablespoons parsley, basil, 1 teaspoon salt, Italian seasoning, fennel seeds, and pepper. Simmer, covered, for about 1 ½ hours, stirring occasionally. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook lasagna noodles in boiling water for 8 to 10 minutes. Drain noodles, and rinse with cold water. otdash Meredith Food Studio In a mixing bowl, combine ricotta cheese with egg, remaining 2 tablespoons parsley, and 1/2 teaspoon salt. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). To assemble, spread 1 ½ cups of meat sauce in the bottom of a 9x13-inch baking dish. Arrange 6 noodles lengthwise over meat sauce, overlapping slightly. Spread with 1/2 of the ricotta cheese mixture. Top with 1/3 of the mozzarella cheese slices. Spoon 1 ½ cups meat sauce over mozzarella, and sprinkle with 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese. otdash Meredith Food Studio Repeat layers, and top with remaining mozzarella and Parmesan cheese. Cover with foil: to prevent sticking, either spray foil with cooking spray or make sure the foil does not touch the cheese. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven for 25 minutes. Remove the foil and bake for an additional 25 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Rest lasagna for 15 minutes before serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I've convinced 3 (now-ex) boyfriends, my husband, and even a couple Italian friends at school that I make the most incredible lasagna they've ever tasted with this recipe. I make it pretty much as shown, except if I have the time, I let the sauce simmer on the stove as long as possible. I also add a bit of whatever red wine I have on hand to the sauce. And I try to make a double recipe, so I can use the sauce for other things - it works wonderfully for Chicken Parmesan, plain ol' spaghetti, and anywhere else you'd use a red sauce.Everything tastes better the second day, too. Oh, one more thing - I never boil my noodles. I simply buy regular dried noodles, and make sure I have plenty of sauce in the lasagna. It cooks long enough that the noodles boil in the oven, and you end up with a lasagna that isn't runny and holds its shape well. Use strictly Italian sausage. Drain 3/4 of the fat.I see many of you have issues with the tomato paste. Skip adding water and you don't need tomato paste, it overwhelms the natural tomato flavor. I added two tablespoons of butter instead. Very good.I also take issue with adding two many ingredients to tomato sauce. I add garlic, oregano and half a red onion. No salt, no fennel nothing else. Love this recipe my family devours it every time! Made a few changes after reading reviews. I used Heartland gluten free noodles. Added 1/4 cup mix of chopped and whole fresh basil to the sauce plus a splash of red wine. I didn’t include the sugar. Added 2 tbsp chopped fresh basil to the ricotta mixture plus 1 and 1/2 tsp Italian seasoning, and tbsp grated Parmesan. Added the nutmeg like my grandma and used 8 oz grated mozzarella cheese. The cheese makes a difference, make sure it’s not too salty. There is only one thing to add to make this truly the best lasagna you will ever have. That missing thing, which I always noticed and never could put my finger on turns out to be a layer of fresh provolone cheese in the middle of the lasagna. A half pound per tray seems to work thickly cut, one layer per tray. It is what my grandma used to add and really puts this recipe on another level. Enjoy. I used red wine rather than water & dried parsley. I also soaked the lasagna noodles in hot water like another reviewer suggested. I let the sauce simmer for several hours & added more wine once for total of 8 oz. It went into the frig & I cooked it the next evening. Wow! Really good & I see why it earned its name. Will make again & definitely recommend it. Excellent recipe! My suggestion is to make the sauce the day before and refrigerate overnight. Take it out about 2 hours before you are going to build the lasagna. I've made this several times with excellent results every time. I do a little altering to satisfy my family. I don't use sausage and only use 80% ground beef. While preparing the sauce, I use diced tomatoes, not crushed. I also skip the canned sauce and water. Canned sauce tends to have an acidic flavor and this recipe works with out it. I double up on the garlic too. Do not saute' the garlic with the beef. It can become bitter if it's overcooked. I ad the garlic after the beef has been browned. I buy the 16 oz blocks of mozzarella and freeze them overnight. Before adding it the next day,let it thaw for an hour then shred it, not slice it. Use fresh Parmesan and shred manually for a nice strong flavor. Oven temperatures vary so I have to put the temp up to 400 during the last 5 minutes so the cheese is nice and brown on top. We also let it sit for 20 minutes before serving so it's easier to serve & it's still very hot. I was so nervous making this for Christmas Eve, but it turned out INCREDIBLE! Everyone raved about it and there was a small scuffle in the kitchen over the leftovers. Warmed my heart. I followed the recipe exactly with the exception of using fresh basil and garnishing the top with whole basil leaves. I also used no boil lasagna noodles (you just put the dry noodles in directly) because it was the only gluten free option for one of my guests. To avoid crunchy bits of uncooked noodles on the sides where they were peeking out a bit, I made sure to ladle on extra sauce into the sides of the pan to make sure it was completely covered. I also used a whole pound of mozzarella, but apparently I sliced it thickly because I was still short by the time I got to the top of the lasagna. (I sliced mine about half a centimeter thick, but next time I'll do 1/3 of a centimeter to spread it out more.) Thanks so much for the recipe!! My beloved father taught me how to make my (Italian) families "secret" sauce way back in 89, when I first got engaged to my (ex) DH,& much to my families surprise (I was considered a HOPELESSLY bad cook back then), I quickly mastered it &became the Designated Family Sauce Maker. Shortly thereafter, I taught myself how to make a MEAN lasagna, and it became my signature dish, expected at all family events involving food- which, for the former laughingstock of a family of great cooks, was a huge honor to me! &guess what? This- or THESE, actually, bc you're getting 2 great recipes for the "price of 1" here,are basically the same as my recipes! the only differences are that I use 4-5 boxes of Pomi STRAINED tomatoes (we like smooth sauce), 1 29oz can of Hunts sauce,a bay leaf, & I also throw in a few pork neck bones. (OMG I JUST REALIZED IM REVEALING OUR FAMILIES "SECRET" SAUCE RECIPE!!! INSTANT DEATH AWAITS ME! LOL) I also don't cover it as I let it simmer for 2-3 hours.&I have never boiled, or even soaked, my lasagna noodles before assembling- after an hour &10 mins in the oven, they come out perfectly,&its SO much easier to spread the ricotta mixture on! sometimes I add an extra layer of sausage/ground beef, or use the 2 or 4 cheese blend of mozzarella/provolone, etc (I use shredded, melts more evenly) or if I'm feelin' a lil kooky, even a meatball or pepperoni layer. so obviously I agree that this IS the "world's best lasagna" & thanx for the validation! now I want lasagna! lol I used oven ready noodles for this recipe. I added parmesan and some pressed cottage cheese to the ricotta mix, used what herb seasonings I had on hand and added sliced zucchini and mushrooms to the meat mixture. Next time I'm adding some spinach. This is the best lasagne I've ever made. Everyone who tried it absolutely loved it! I'm going to tweak it a little more for myself, but over all this was amazing! I love this recipe, it always gets rave reviews when I take it somewhere. The only changes I made are with the sauce, I am not a huge fan of real meaty sauce. I use 1 lb of sausage and 1 lb of ground beef and I double everything else. This makes a ton of sauce that I then freeze the leftovers. I also took advice from other reviews and did not boil my noodles, just put them in hot water to make them pliable. I also found that making this and assembling it the day before then refrigerating it overnight seems to make it extra tasty. Thanks for the great recipe! This is my only go-to red sauce recipe in more than 6 years. I use it for everything! Lasagna is the best of course, but during the week I make just the sauce for spaghetti and meatballs. Everyone loves it and tells me I make the best red sauce :) thank you! I kept it the same except I used for lasagna noodles for each layer instead of. Turned out great! This is the best lasagna I’ve ever had My family loved it & is now on our dinner rotation! I have very picky  kids ( 8 and 3) who liked it as well.  Had some leftover sauce that I froze & now gonna make some more red sauce using this recipe for my spaghetti! This sucker is DENSE. It weighed several pounds and everyone who lifted it was shocked. It was also delicious. I used “onion and pepper” pork sausage instead of Italian sausage and omitted the fennel because my family doesn’t like the flavor. I’ll definitely make it again. This was my first time making lasagna and it turned out great ! We really love all the flavors in this lasagna! My boys wolf it down and ask for more! Heavy on the cheese, but that's our family preference. You could do shredded mozzarella cheese instead of the slices to even/thin it out a bit. Simmering the sauce for 1.5 hours is ideal, but I do 30 minutes if I need to just get it made and no one knows the difference. 10/10 recommend.
