Baked Chicken Breasts and Vegetables
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236110/baked-chicken-breasts-and-vegetables/
Gather the ingredients. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Arrange chicken breasts on a baking sheet; spread carrots, celery, green onion, bell pepper, and parsley around chicken. Drizzle olive oil over chicken and vegetables; season with Italian seasoning, chili powder, lemon pepper, salt, and black pepper. Bake in the preheated oven until chicken is no longer pink in the center and juices run clear, about 30 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Great idea for a healthy delicious meal. I sautéed a medley of vegetables(including potatos) and an estimation of spices and seasonings with a can of chicken broth before putting it the oven with the chicken. The thick delicate broth that condensed in the oven was perfect. I'll give that one a full 5 stars no problem. We made this pretty much as written, except without celery. The carrots were sliced more like a 1/4 inch, and all the veggies cooked perfectly. Nicely caramelized. I would maybe season both sides of the chicken next time. I used some different veggies (broccoli, cauliflower, potatoes) but the chicken was not cooked all the way through. The cooking time needs to be like an hour or more. My carrots weren't cooked through and very very hard. Overall I would give this a 2 but the veggies on their own were a 5. They were just so crispy and good, but definitely needed to be cooked longer then the directions Its was bland. I wouldn’t put as much carrots in it. And season the chicken front and back itself and not just all the ingredients as the directions say. But Im still a new cook so I know what to do next time. Absolutely easy any awesome!  I added a diced sweet onion and I sliced up a single jalapeño pepper to the vegetables!  So tasty and again, sooooo easy! Cooked celery and carrots in chicken broth in microwave for 5 mins. Spooned in pan. Every thing else the same. Will make again I made this using vegetables I had on hand which included the carrots and green onions. My stomach can’t handle green peppers so made it with sweet peppers and Brussels sprouts instead. It was really good. The chicken had a great flavor as did the veggies. Great Simply fabulous! Reduced the oil by a little and used vegetables I had around (including sliced green peppers, chopped onion, and sliced zucchini)and the meal was super tasty. I served it with pasta with pesto. Highly recommend this recipe. I was impressed by how moist the chicken was. Everyone loved it!
