Taco Bell Seasoning Copycat
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236257/taco-bell-seasoning-copycat/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Whisk together onion flakes, flour, bouillon granules, garlic salt, cumin, paprika, chili powder, cayenne pepper, and sugar in a bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio
This was very similar to Taco Bell Home Originals seasoning. It did have the same flavor although it wasn't identical, it was close enough to call this a copycat recipe indeed. We actually liked this better than the packaged mix and much better than the take out from the fast food joint. I added this and about a cup of broth to the pan with the raw meat and then broke the beef up to look like a meat soup, then simmered until the liquid was gone. I didn't have boullion granules so I used a cube and changed the garlic salt to plain garlic powder so it wouldn't be too salty. This is mild and while it had some warmth from the cayenne, it isn't spicy at all. We ate tacos, tostadas, and nachos from this for several days and this was fabulous. My husband said this is his favorite taco beef recipe so make this from now on!!! I agree, this is really good and I will be using this now as my go-to taco filling. Thanks for the winner! Was pretty good. Could have included the amount of meat you would need though. The flavor was a bit bland, and it's not at all similar to Taco Bell. Would definitely make it again if I can't find a better recipe. I prefer this recipe over any taco seasoning packet that I have ever used.  Thank you!! Super!  Thanks I used vegan bouillon granules The family really like this recipe for tacos.  I’ve made it time and time again.  I would definitely recommend. It was good- just used regular garlic powder and a punch of salt. A pinch more of chili powder too. It will be fine!  Saved me a trip to the store 😊 Excellent seasoning for quick tacos. I left out the flour and used fresh garlic and salt. Delicious! First time I ever liked my ground beef tacos over the chicken ones HOWEVER in no way did this remind me of Taco Bell so there must be a missing element to get it there. My kids loved it and they are the pickiest of eaters. HIGHLY recommend! This is fantastic!!! I use garlic powder instead of salt, but I love the taste of Taco Bell. It's like having Taco Bell with quality ingredients. This is my go-to taco seasoning. I throw away the packet that comes with whatever brand of taco shells I buy. Unless I'm low on ingredients.
