Saba-Braised Lamb Shanks
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236234/saba-braised-lamb-shanks/
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Place lamb shanks into a large bowl; drizzle with olive oil. Sprinkle with salt, black pepper, smoked paprika, cinnamon, and rosemary. Toss the lamb shanks to spread oil and seasonings over the meat. Spread onion slices and garlic cloves into the bottom of a heavy 9x12-inch baking dish. Lay lamb shanks over onions and garlic. Bake lamb in preheated oven for 30 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 200 degrees F (95 degrees C). Combine chicken broth and saba in a bowl. Pour mixture over the lamb shanks. Cover baking dish tightly with foil and place baking dish on a baking sheet. Bake lamb in the oven until a knife pierces the meat easily, 2 1/2 to 3 hours. The meat will be tender but not falling off the bone. Use tongs to turn the shanks over in the pan sauce. Increase temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Return shanks to oven and bake, uncovered, until meat is fork-tender and the sauce has thickened slightly, 10 to 15 minutes. Turn shanks over in the sauce after 10 minutes and check for tenderness; if still not tender enough, return to oven for 10 to 15 more minutes and test again. Transfer lamb shanks to a bowl and keep warm. Strain pan juices into a saucepan and place over medium heat. Bring to a boil and cook, stirring often, until thickened, about 5 minutes. Skim any excess grease from top of sauce. Taste and season with salt; stir in fresh rosemary. Serve sauce drizzled over lamb shanks.
Needed to cook this longer. Great! I made one lamb shank so made a quarter of a recipe. Used balsamic vinegar and added mushrooms. Next time, I’ll use a whole onion. It was delicious. Amazing flavors! I made one substitution, I didn’t have Saba, but I had fig balsamic so used that instead added a splash of port wine to it and cooked it on stovetop to thicken a little. It was a great substitute! It was one of the best lamb recipes I have ever tried. This was excellent. The recipe was followed to a tee. The only thing I added to the braising step was 8oz of sliced mushrooms that I had on hand. I have to say they did not disappoint. I love mushrooms so to me they only added to the dish. Once again Chef John you are my hero. Absolutely delicious. I followed it almost to the TV except I added a whole tablespoon of dried rosemary and I used a whole head of garlic?.  I ended up having to cook a little longer but was tender and delicious. From my photo you can see I added as a side dish savory acorn squash. Fabulous, fabulous Autumn meal Absolutely delicious - would not change a thing.  Made according to recipe - we love it This recipe was Fantastic. The combination of sweet from the Saba and cinnamon alongside the aromatic rosemary gave the lamb a flavor that can’t be beat. I sprinkled a Teaspoon of cinnamon over the Garlic and onion bed before cooking, it gave it a little more spice for the sauce.I I am a lover of lamb and this was delicious. Have a new stove and it may not be accurate because it cooked in 2 1/2 hours.  I definitely will make again just cutting down cooking time. Did not have Saba so I used aged balsamic. Used gluten free flour to thicken the brazing liquid and kept the onions and garlic. I think this was a good call because the sauce has so much flavor and felt the flavors did not need intenceifing. The long cooking time requires some planning; however, you will get some very nice complements and it is well worth the effort. I will be making this again for special friends. Awesome dinner! Delicious.
