Haldi Ka Doodh (Hot Turmeric Milk)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236294/haldi-ka-doodh-hot-turmeric-milk/
Whisk together turmeric, cardamom, black pepper, ginger, cloves, and allspice in a small bowl; set aside. Heat milk in a small saucepan over medium heat until heated through, 3 to 4 minutes; stir honey and vanilla into milk until completely dissolved. Whisk 1 teaspoon turmeric mixture into milk mixture; reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until flavors blend, 2 to 3 minutes. Pour mixture through a strainer.
I am so glad you all have enjoyed this hot comforting beverage. Like so many of you have mentioned this recipe is not only good but good for you! I was hesitant about submitting the recipe but am so happy I did. Love to read all your comments. Used fresh ginger and boiled all together also cinnamon stick You shd never add Honey in hot milk or water. Rest all is good! Best cold and flu recipe, my daughter instantly started feeling better, thank you Delicious. I didn't have ground cardamom, so I used a garam masala that had cardamom, cloves, cinnamon, black pepper, and a few other similar spices. No need to strain it. I forgot to add the honey and vanilla, but when I realized, I decided it didn't need them. I liked it just the way it was. This will make a cozy substitute for hot cocoa. Tastes amazing to my taste buds.  I've been looking for ways to incorporate more turmeric into my diet to help with arthritis.  This drink gives me the benefits of turmeric as well as being a great night time drink before bed.  I didn't change a thing except for reducing the black pepper as many suggested.  For the spices that said, "a pinch", I  just used 1/4 teaspoon, the same as the turmeric and cardamom.  This resulted in enough spice mix to make two drinks.  I didn't strain it because I don't have a strainer that small, so it was a little grainy at the bottom, but that doesn't bother me. I love this! I'm an avid tea drinker and, though dubious at first,  thought I would give this a try--it's fantastic! Thanks for the recipe! I really liked it.  Used almond milk instead.  Measured all the ingredients into a small saucepan and brought it to a brief boil just until froth developed.  I didn't have honey nor vanilla.  I used regular sugar to sweeten and it was still very good. Quite a warm, comforting beverage.  Will definitely be making this one again. I added a little more ginger, vanillla and some cinnamon. Then put the honey in right before we drank it! Delicious, similar to a chai tea. Yum! This is good. I'd never tried it before and I should note that I did not include honey--I simply didn't have any on hand. To me, it is comparable to a chai latte. Not a bad tea alternate
