RAGÚ No Boiling Beefy Baked Ziti
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236367/ragu-no-boiling-beefy-baked-ziti/
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Meanwhile, brown ground beef in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Combine sauce and water in a large bowl. Stir in browned ground beef, ricotta, Parmesan cheese, and uncooked ziti. Pour ziti mixture into a 13x9-inch baking dish. Cover tightly with aluminum foil. Bake in the preheated oven for 55 minutes. Remove foil and sprinkle with mozzarella cheese. Bake uncovered for an additional 5 minutes. Let stand 10 minutes before serving.
I love this recipe! It's so good and easy to make. It also freezes fairly well. I don't think there have ever been any leftovers whenever I made this! I do make a few changes for my family- First, I take out the beef because I don't really care for it. Second, I use one 8 ounce package of Philadelphia cream cheese instead of ricotta cheese since no one in my family will eat ricotta. It probably adds lots of calories, but the cream cheese makes the casserole soooo good! As one reviewer said, it's kind of bland so to add more flavor, I took their advice and also mix in about a teaspoon of garlic powder and a teaspoon of oregano. Also, I change the shredded mozzarella to Sargento Mozzarella and Provolone mix and sprinkle garlic salt on top of the cheese. I always line the pan with aluminum foil to make cleanup a breeze. Hope this helps! Super easy to make. I did substitute Italian sausage for the ground beef. The sausage added extra flavor to the dish. Will be making again Not a fan of this recipe.  Made it as specified but it was VERY bland.  It needs a lot of something to make this say yum.  Won't make it again.  It was easy to make, but not worth me throwing half a pan of food away again.  Maybe if I had read other reviews to save it for leftovers, it would have been better but I don't think the family would have given it a chance. This recipe is soooo easy, but it turns out awesome every time.  I usually use Mezzetta, Victoria or Rao's marinara sauce, but make no other changes.  Last Monday, however, I substituted sweet Italian turkey sausage for the ground beef because it was on sale...  oh my!  Is there a sixth star I can click on?? I made no changes. It was easy, fast and good. Served with a salad Like other reviewers said this is bland. It’s super easy to throw together and dump in the oven which is why it got 4 stars. Will have to play around with ingredients to see how we can spice it up more. I've made this recipe changed it up a little bit. Instead of ground beef I use sweet Italian sausage and I don't put in any ricotta cheese. Family loves it and I love that it's quick and easy! I thoroughly appreciate this recipe. It’s quick easy and cheap but.... I’M SO SORRY RAGU FOR WHAT I’M ABOUT TO SAY. The first time I made this, it was delicious. I used my favorite store bought prego sauce. I used Ragu last time bc it was a little cheaper and you got more of it. It was very bland. I am not a fan of ragu sauces anyway. I hadn’t bought any in a while and was gonna give it another shot. Nope! To sum it up, this recipe is delicious if you use the right sauce! I’m a prego fan all the way. Use your go to sauce in this one and it will be a winner This was so easy and was amazing! The flavor cooks through...so yummy! As you can see it was filling, 4 of us only ate 1/3 of it! Used Rotini and it was great!
