Lemon-Roasted Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236306/roasted-chicken-with-lemon-and-rosemary/
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Combine chicken, onion, lemon slices, garlic, and rosemary together in a large bowl. Drizzle olive oil and sprinkle salt and black pepper over the chicken mixture; toss to coat. Spread chicken mixture out in the bottom of a baking dish. Bake in the preheated oven until no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear, 45 to 50 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of a thigh, near the bone, should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Delicious! I used all bone-in breasts and 2 chicken legs for the little guy. These came out very moist and tender. I didn't have fresh rosemary, so I used some dried. This also made great pan juices. The only thing I would do differently next time would be to use an extra lemon to squeeze the juice on the chicken before baking to get a better lemon flavor. Made a great dinner tonight...a definite keeper~YUM! Thanks for sharing. :) I was wanting to try it for something new to have for dinner! Wow this is delicious! This was sooooo good. Chicken was moist and flavorful! Used all the ingredients as listed, but instead of tossing the chicken with the oil and rosemary, I put finely chopped garlic and rosemary under the skin and drizzled oil and lemon over the chicken. To make a full meal I cooked a bunch of root vegetables on the same pan. Potatoes, Radishes and Sweet Potatoes. Will definitely make this again. It was good. I followed the recipe mostly. I would have liked more Rosemary flavor. Maybe a marinade would accomplish that. I love how simple this recipe is!  I think of it as "The 1 Chicken Recipe": one garlic; one onion; one lemon and one chicken.  So simple and delicious. Super Good and super fast and easy to make. I will definitely make this again. Yum. Love this simple recipient; easy and deliscious! Didn't have the lemons but used a little apple cider vinegar... loved it! I used package of breast and package od thighs.  Delish!
