Coconut Chocolate Chip Waffles
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236410/coconut-chocolate-chip-waffles/
Preheat a waffle iron according to manufacturer's instructions. Whisk bread flour, oat flour, sugar, baking powder, cinnamon, and salt together in a bowl. Mix almond milk, applesauce, and coconut oil together in a separate bowl; stir into flour mixture until batter is just combined. Fold chocolate chips into batter; let stand for 5 minutes. Scoop 1/4 to 1/2 cup batter into preheated waffle iron; cook according to manufacturer's instructions, about 4 minutes per waffle.
We LOVED this! The BEST waffles I have ever made in my life! I didn't have applesauce, so I just tossed an apple in the blender. I substituted coconut sugar for reg sugar & omitted the chocolate chips. These are our new fav! I didn’t like the recipe the wafers tasted like egg it was horrible These waffles are a fantastic vegan substitute for traditional waffles, I would go as far to say that these are better than most "normal" waffles I've had. The only change I made in the recipe was that I used regular flour instead of oat flour because we didn't have any at our house and they still turned out great. I ate these with some strawberries on top and they were delicious! delish! Best waffles ever !!! Substituted oat flour with almond flour because I couldn’t find it in the store and they were amazing . Also I used coconut sugar instead of regular one. Love this recipe! Have been struggling for some time with making vegan waffles and pancakes. Have always made a killer batter till I couldn’t use eggs. This is one that I can eat over and over again! Simple and quick to make. Would definitely recommend to others. I never would have tried these if I hadn't gone vegan- but OMG I'm glad I did- they're awesome! Even if you aren't "vegan" they are fabulous!! Perfect! Not sure what oat flour is, I used whole wheat flour. Kids loved them! I was in a rush and just dumped everything in the bowl and mixed it all together and it still turned out awesome. Really Good. Didn't have applesauce so it was omitted, and like another reviewer commented, the applesauce was not really necessary. The waffles were great by themselves and even better with strawberries on top. My wife and I are not vegan but real vegans will have to use chocolate chips that qualify as "vegan." I love these waffles! I put an apple in the blender to make apple sauce (as another review suggested), reduce the almond milk to 1 1/3 cups, and use mini dark chocolate chips. I have made this recipe a few times and usually get 6-7 crispy dense waffles. They are great even without syrup, so any leftovers make a nice breakfast on the go. You can make your own oat flour by blending rolled oats, and bread flour by adding 1 tbsp wheat gluten to 1 cup(minus 1 tbsp) all purpose flour.
