Brown Sugar Ham Steak
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236432/brown-sugar-ham-steak/
Gather the ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook ham steak in a large skillet over medium heat until browned, 3 to 4 minutes per side. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove ham from skillet; drain off any fat. Melt butter in the same skillet over medium-low heat. Stir in brown sugar. otdash Meredith Food Studio Return ham to skillet. Cook, turning ham often, until heated through and brown sugar has dissolved, about 10 minutes. Reduce heat if brown sugar/butter mixture starts to pop or splatter. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
I had a 1.25 lbs of some cheap hickory smoked ham steak and a family to feed. I found this and it looked good. To flush out the the recipe, since I had more than double of the amount of ham the recipe asked for, I added 1 tbs of honey, 1/4 cup of pineapple juice, and a dash of ground cloves to imitate those flavors I remembered getting as a kid eating ham at a church dinner. It turned out perfect and my family asked me to add this to my repertoire. So simple and quick, but moist and delicious! So simple I almost didn’t try it. The ham was delicious and so tender. Don’t overcook it. Like the directions say, warm the ham slightly on each side, remove from the skillet and melt butter the butter and brown sugar. Return the ham to the skillet and turn it several times, but only for a couple minutes or it will dry out. This has been a hit. Easy to make and it's delicious. Simple but very great tasting recipe. Quick preparation and delicious results We loved it💞 We made it for Father's Day breakfast, served w/hashbrowns & fried eggs.  Used just a bit of the ground cloves, and balance of flavor was yummy!  We saved the sauce...put some on top of ham to serve. 😋 My husband said this was great. Almost exactly I kind of deglazed the dry bits with orange juice and lemon the added cubed butter and the brown sugarMy husband got out of bed 9:30 pm and stood over the stove and ate1st time cooking a ham steak ever with the bone in I will most definitely be cooking the again
