Easy Chicken and Dumplings with Vegetables
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236435/easy-chicken-and-dumplings-with-vegetables/
Combine water, carrots, onion, celery, thyme, rosemary, salt, and black pepper in a large pot; bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer until vegetables are tender, about 15 minutes. Add chicken to soup and cook until no longer pink in the center, about 10 minutes. Drop biscuit pieces into soup and cook until dumplings are cooked through, 10 to 20 minutes.
My wife still works the weekends as a baker and cake decorator. So MondaysI cook to give her a rest day. Needless to say, put "easy" in a recipe nameand you'll get my attention every time. This recipe is very easy and delicious.I made it exactly by the recipe except we had a bag of frozen dumplings so I used them. (Remember the part about "easy"? :) It rated a compliment from theBoss (read "wife"). And I don't get compliments on my cooking. So it'sgotta be 5 stars. Many thanks, LUCYBARRON. The biscuits were slimy! Won’t use biscuits as dumplings ever again Changed amount of Rosemary and Thyme from tablespoons to teaspoons. Used 3 chicken bullion cubes like one of the other reviewers. I always like my food seasoned so added 1/2 tsp cumin and 2 bay leaves. Loved the flavor and so easy. I used a crock pot. I put fresh rosemary and fresh parsley in a ziplock bag with minced garlic salt a d pepper. Tosses the four chicken breasts in the bag. I refrigerated over night, but didn’t have to. I put on the bottom of crock pot. Poured in 1 can mushroom soup, 1 can cream chicken. Cooked til chicken was easy to pull apart and cooked throughout. Added the vegetables and biscuits and cooked for few more hours. I knew it was done when the vegetables were perfectly done for my liking. I served with fresh rosemary on top; my roommate ate four bowls for dinner. Delicious. I made this to the T as I always try to do the first time at least. It was delicious an as im not a huge thyme fan, next time, an there will be one, I may back the thyme down, but for quick, simple an full of flavor, this is great! I followed the exact recipe the first time. It was good but I thought it was too much thyme and rosemary. It was a good base to start with because I have never even eaten chicken and dumplings before. The second time I made it I sautéed the vegetables in butter then added the chicken. Cooked for about five minutes then added the broth and spices. I added the dough and it was very good. Super quick and easy recipe. I used chicken thighs and browned them first. I only used celery, onions, and poultry seasoning, besides salt and pepper. Great recipe...very tasty and quick.  You can't beat it!  Thanks for sharing?? Kathy No, but would lighten up on the  biscuits next time. Wow, way too much seasoning. Thankfully I tasted it before I added the chicken. I double checked the recipe and I made it exactly .  Sorry,  it's a no for me.
