Chef John's Bacon Jam
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236501/chef-johns-bacon-jam/
Warm a large, heavy-bottomed pot over medium heat. Add bacon; cook and stir until crispy and rendered fat starts to foam, about 10 minutes. Pour bacon and rendered fat into a strainer placed over a bowl. When fat is drained and bacon is cool enough to handle, remove bacon to a cutting board and finely chop. otdash Meredith Food Studio Return the pot to medium heat; drizzle 2 teaspoons reserved bacon fat and butter into the pot. Add onions and salt; cook until until soft and translucent, 7 to 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir brown sugar, sherry vinegar, 1 teaspoon thyme leaves, black pepper, and cayenne into onion mixture; add bacon. Stir water into bacon mixture and cook until jam has a brick-brown color and thick consistency, 10 to 15 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove from heat and add balsamic vinegar, olive oil, and remaining 1/2 teaspoon thyme; stir until shiny and heated through. otdash Meredith Food Studio Store in an airtight container. ommyFromSeattl
this guy is a master. made it for promotion party. I remember how good it was don't remember who got promoted. Great flavor, although it requires a lot of prep and cooking and time. My disappointment was how much liquid was produced. I ran the finished “jam” (it’s not- it’s really a relish) through a strainer to eliminate the liquid. But on Irish skillet potatoes it tasted great. Added some garlic and sesame oil I made this for the first time ever bc my family had never even heard of Bacon Jam & I was making grilled cheeseburgers for dinner so perfect combo! I changed the recipe a little & it was surprisingly the best Jam ever. I diced up the bacon before cooking instead of afterwards which also helps speed up cooking time drastically. Instead of thyme or like some recipes I've seen call for thyme stems then remove them later... nope I didn't have any on hand anyways so I used fresh cilantro. Also 4 large yellow onions sounds like overkill to me especially if your onions are HUGE like mine. Literally softball size onions. I used just  one sweet onion. Also 1lb of bacon instead of 1 & half...I usually also add shallots but didn't have any on deck. Instead of 1/4 cup sugar..I used 3/4 cup dark brown sugar also with tablespoon or so of honey or maple syrup. I used 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar + 1-2 tablespoon of apple cidar vinegar & dash of extra-virgin olive oil. Minus the sherry vinegar & cayenne but I added a dash of paprika. Also caramelized the onions then added 4 cloves of minced garlic towards the end. Once I combined everything I SLOWLY reduced it down over low heat in saute pan making sure not to burn anything. Time consuming but well worth the time & sweat. Love bacon jam! This recipe was just what I needed.  I used Applewood smoked bacon, ACV, & apple  juice.  I probably added a bit more cayenne  as my family likes thing with a little  kick to it.  Came out great!FAVORITE  USE:  1. Add a couple tablespoons swirled into whipped cream cheese and eat with crackers.2. Grilled cheese with bacon jam spread on bread and a few thin slices of granny Smith apple!  Yum! I loved the recipe and went to a BaconPalooza Party and won 3rd.  I made deviled eggs and placed the jam on the top.  They were delicious! Most Bacon Jams are great but some are a tad too sweet for my liking. Chef John has uniquely done Bacon Jam RIGHT!! It’s so delicious. It was a hit for our 4th of July weekend. celebration . I made this for my kids, they loved it!  I think I am going to try to add some bourbon to it next time :) Great on burgers. No need to make any changes. Half recipe was plenty for four burgers with some leftover. I followed the directions exactly. Came out perfect and was a huge hit! Definitely better served warm.
