Chana Masala (Savory Indian Chick Peas)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236564/chana-masala-savory-indian-chick-peas/
Grind onion, tomato, ginger, garlic, and chile pepper together in a food processor into a paste. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Fry bay leaves in hot oil until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Pour the paste into the skillet and cook until the oil begins to separate from the mixture and is golden brown in color, 2 to 3 minutes. Season the mixture with chili powder, coriander, gram masala, turmeric, and salt; cook and stir until very hot, 2 to 3 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir enough water into the mixture to get a thick gravy; bring to a boil and stir chickpeas into the gravy. Reduce heat to medium and cook until the chickpeas are heated through, 5 to 7 minutes. Garnish with cilantro. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I just made this tonight. I made some modifications…used a can of tomatoes, 1/2 can diced green chiles, used 1/4 tsp. powdered ginger, added 1/4 tsp. of cayenne, and left out the coriander because I didn't have any. This recipe only took me maybe 15 minutes to make because of the canned ingredients (oh, the canned tomatoes made it so that I didn't have to add water at the end). This tasted wonderful! I go to Indian restaurants often and it definitely rivaled the chana masala I've had there. My husband also loved it. There was enough sauce that I probably could have added another can of chickpeas and it would have still been fine. Thank you for the great recipe! Nice recipe but takes lot of time. To quicken the process should use 2-3 tomato without the skin and grinded together in grinder along with 3-4 onions, 2 green chillis, coriander, ginger garlic paste. Once the thick paste is created, fry it in a pan with some oil, cumin seeds and after 5 min add boiled chickpeas and 30 grams of paneer, spices(to taste) along with some water. Then let it simmer for 10 min. Once smell the spices are cooked, let it sit for 5 min. Garnish with more coriander and you are good to go. EASY to make, SIMPLE ingredients NOT SPICY at all but you can sense that it's spicy. Maybe it was the garam masala that I got but the recipe didn't have a strong flavor. If you don't like spice and you prefer MILD TASTE, this recipe is great but I wanted to taste the spices for a more authentic Indian cuisine taste and a mild spice that makes me sweat a little and this recipe wasn't it for me It is kind of bland so I added more spices (curry leaves, paprika, cayenne pepper, a pinch of brown sugar,  and more salt). It still wasn't right in taste like Indian food I've had in restaurants. So I went a little further and added sour cream.  A little better. It could be because I didn't use canned beans which have salt, and I didn't follow my mind and toast the seasonings before putting in the tomato sauce. I'll be looking for other Chana Masala recipes to try because this one didn't give me the taste I expected. So easy. No changes except I doubled the chilli accidentally but I like it hot so it worked well. Oh and I used ghee instead of oil. Thank you for a great supper! This was awful. You can't just blend garlic and onions without frying them first. It just overpowered the entire recipe and tastes terrible.Fry the onions and garlic first, LIKE EVERY OTHER RECIPE KNOWN TO MAN. I made this for the first time tonight. Great recipe! This will be one of my staples.
