Pam's Bierocks
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/23658/pams-bierocks/
Grease a medium bowl and baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray. Set aside. Prepare dough: Stir together warm water and yeast in a large bowl. Let stand until creamy, about 10 minutes. Add 1/2 of the flour, sugar, margarine, egg, and salt to yeast mixture. Beat until smooth; add remaining flour and mix by hand until dough pulls together. Place into the prepared medium bowl; cover with foil. Refrigerate for 2 hours to overnight, or let rise at room temperature for 1 hour. While dough rises, make filling: Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir ground beef in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in cabbage, onion, salt, and pepper; cook, stirring occasionally, over medium-low heat until cabbage is tender, about 30 minutes. Remove the skillet from the heat and let cool until lukewarm. Punch down dough and divide into 20 equal pieces. Flatten and spread each piece of dough out on an unfloured surface; fill with about 2 tablespoons filling. Fold dough over and seal edges. Place onto the prepared baking sheet and let rise for 1 hour. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, about 25 minutes. Brush tops with melted butter and serve warm.
My mother in law is German and we make this same dish all of the time. She uses the same bread recipe, however I substitue a sweet refrigerator roll recipe and make them ahead. If I have leftovers I make cinnamon rolls for dessert. I also make several ahead and freeze them for later use--just make sure they are completely thawed before baking. This is always a big treat when I make for my adult sons!Thanks Pam! I love this recipe and have been using it for the last 10 plus years. My grandma used to make bierocks when I was growing up but she used Rhodes frozen dinner rolls to make it easier. I always get tons of compliments. My kids do like a desert roll with PB&J inside, it’s melty and delicious. Great recipe. I’ve always made my own bread so I only used the filling part of the recipe. Very very good! Took some to work and every one loved them. I did roll the dough out quite thin as the dough had to rise again and I wanted more filling for the bun. Very good! Bread is soft and stays soft (which is a big improvement over my family's recipe.) Your recipe looks good.  We have eaten bierocks for over 60 years made different ways.  But we use allspice in the meat mixture and a little garlic.  For simplicity, we use Pillsbury's crescent rolls.  Separate only into squares (2 together), pinch to join the perforations, fill and fold up to close. The Grands works best or the crescent sheet but either way, a family favorite.  In Wichita, a man had a fast food bierocks company and he made them also with ham. Fantastic We love bierocks and have used this recipe many times. I do not change it and wrap them individually and freeze them for a quick and easy lunch or dinner on the go. I would cut the dough in half and then it's just about right.  Or use the extra dough to make some buns.  My son insists the filling should have cheese in it as well, so I usually add some cheese and I have to admit it does add a nice touch.
