Pressure Cooker Bone-In Pork Chops, Baked Potatoes, and Carrots
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236566/pressure-cooker-bone-in-pork-chops-baked-potatoes-and-carrots/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Season pork chops with salt and black pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a pressure cooker over medium-high heat. Working in batches, cook pork chops in hot butter until browned, 3 to 5 minutes per side. Transfer pork chops to a plate. otdash Meredith Food Studio Melt remaining 2 tablespoons butter in the pressure cooker. Sauté onion and carrots in hot butter until fragrant, about 2 minutes; pour in broth and Worcestershire sauce. otdash Meredith Food Studio Return pork chops to the pressure cooker pot. otdash Meredith Food Studio Set a steamer basket on top of pork chops and place potatoes in the basket. otdash Meredith Food Studio Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to the manufacturer’s instructions; set the timer for 13 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Release pressure using the natural-release method, 10 to 40 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Slice potatoes along their tops and serve with pork chops and carrots. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I used boneless pork chops and didn't add the carrots...didn't have any. Cut my onion in large chunks and used chicken broth...that's all I had. Followed recipe as written but only pressure cooked for 10 mins. I also let the pressure cooker come down on its own and DIDN'T quick release!! Those were the most delicious and moist pork chops I've ever eaten!! It is for sure a keeper!! Cut down on cooking time because I didn't have carrots. Cooked 5 chops. If you like pork chops these were fall apart chops!! Everyone should cook in a pressure cooker. Everything is so much better and moist!!. I just wish there were more recipes for pressure cookers on All Recipes!! Good try. Use onion soup powder and broth. Add some gravy mix or flour to make it after cooking. More to add a can of tomatoes and peas. The other side is of riced califlower low carb.. A great way to cook Pork Chops. If you are lucky enough to find A can of Golden Mushroom Soup use it for the liquid. Nothing left in the pot but gravy. Easy and delicious!!! I made it exactly to the instructions. It was ok, potatoes and carrots were perfect, just the pork chops were dry. I followed the recipe exactly as written and it was very good. It's incredibly easy for those nights you don't want to fuss or clean a mess. Side note, I find it baffling when people say "I followed the recipe except...and then list changes like doubling broth and not adding the vegetables (see Wendy dated 1/28/2023) and then say they thought it was bad. Don't review it if you don't do it as written. It's that easy. I used sweet potatoes instead of carrots. I was hopeful when trying this recipe because there were so many great reviews.  I followed the recipe as is.  The only thing I did differently was I added the vegetables after the pork had cooked because I was concerned the veggies (especially the onions) would have been mush.  I also doubled the broth (I used chicken broth) and doubled the Worcestershire sauce.  I didn't add or omit anything else as I wanted to keep to the original recipe as much as possible.  I was so disappointed with this recipe.  My pork chops (which were about 3/4" thick) were fairly tender and separated from the bone but the entire meal had no flavor.  If my husband hadn't been willing to eat it, I woud have thrown out the entire meal.  I definitely would not make this again.  I remember reading one review that also said it had no flavor, I wish I would have trusted that review more and not tried this recipe. This recipe turned out amazing! I used Wild Boar Chops, A1 Steak Sauce instead of Worcestershire, and used a 14.5 oz can of chicken broth instead of 1 cup of vegetable broth. I seasoned the chops with seasoning salt, pepper, and garlic powder before searing and I didn't have a steaming basket so I quartered the potatoes and layed them directly on top of the chops. I pressure cooked on high for 13 minutes and let the pressure reduce normally for 15 minutes before using the quick release. Everything was so flavorful and the meat was tender and falling off the bone. We will definitely be having this again! This was a delicious recipe.  Next time I will add at least 10 minutes to the pressure cooking.  The chops were slightly tough with only 13 minutes, which is why I only gave it 4 stars.   Also, I added cornstarch to the juices and simmered until I had a pleasing gravy.   This recipe is very efficient with easy cleanup - only one pot!
