Tortellini in Chicken Broth
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236577/tortellini-in-chicken-broth/
Stir broth and water together in a pot; bring to a boil. Stir frozen tortellini into broth mixture and cook, occasionally stirring, until tortellini floats to the top and filling is hot, 6 to 8 minutes. Stir watercress and scallions into broth mixture and cook until watercress wilts, about 2 minutes. Add hot pepper sauce. Sprinkle with Romano cheese and black pepper to serve.
I love this soup! It's super easy to make. I use spinach instead of watercress because it's so hard to find. And I add a lot more liquid. Just ate hot off the stove- very good! There wasn’t any watercress in the store so I used baby spinach - no need to chop ( I dislike stems so took those off). I used 3 cups broth and I cup water- next time I will use all broth. Due to an abundance of zucchini and parsley in my garden, I added 1/2 cup chopped zucchini and 1/4 cup chopped parsley. Thank you- so much you can do with this recipe! Doubled the recipe. Added-2lbs Ground Sweet Italian Sausage-3 cups combined, chopped carrots, chopped celery, chopped onion-1/3 cup of oregano-1 tablespoon crushed red pepper-ground black pepper to taste-No Water, All Chicken Broth spinach instead of watercress, chives and parsley.  Its perfect for a quick light soup. For something a little heartier I might sautee some chicken with garlic in butter but as is is a nice refreshing light soup.  so YUM Excellent!  Added a few things to it.  Sautéed up mushrooms, garlic, sliced carrots, scallions, and spinach.  Added in some chopped up grilled chicken that I had left over.  Will make again and kids loved it!! Awesome soup and quick to make.  I have never bought or used watercress, but I always have fresh spinach on hand.  I also used a refrigerated tortellini instead of frozen.  Not a fan of the frozen.  I'll make this over and over and over again! This was really tasty after making the tweeks suggested by other reviewers.  Will definitely fix again.  Great basic recipe. I absolutely love this soup! The recipe is great as is or as a springboard to creating your own version if you are adventurous! For my own version, I added about a 1lb of cooked chicken, a couple handfuls of coin carrots, 4oz of baby bellas, a small amount of red onions, and some minced garlic all sauted in some butter (2 tbls.), then I topped it off with the spinach and scallions to my liking. I also added more chicken broth to compensate for the extra food items in the pot. Delicious! This is excellent as written. The second time I made it I had a lonely large mild Italian sausage left from a cook out. I took it out of the casing fried and crumbled it up and added it to the soup. So good. I also used spinach as that is all I had. We make tortellini in broth quite often. This recipe differs slightly with the addition of the watercress, scallions and hot sauce. I substituted spinach for the watercress, as that's what I had on-hand, and made my own homemade chicken broth from the carcass from last night's "spatchcock chicken" (recipe also from this site). This was a quick, and easy weeknight meal after a long day at work. I really liked the additions, and will make it this way again.
