Simple French Toast in a Cup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236648/simple-french-toast-in-a-cup/
Melt butter in the bottom of a large microwave-safe mug in the microwave, about 30 seconds. Tilt mug to coat all sides with melted butter. Stir melted butter, milk, egg, cinnamon, sugar, and vanilla extract together in the mug. Press bread cubes into milk mixture. Microwave on High until set, about 90 seconds.
I'm dieting so I used a spray or two of canola pan spray instead of the butter, skim milk, doubled the cinnamon and sugar, but used Splenda instead, chopped up half a banana into the mixture, and used 100% whole wheat bread, 50 calories a slice. An extra sprinkle of cinnamon and Splenda before microwaving made a sweet crunch on top. This gives you around 250 calories, so you could add juice or a smoothy as well. There's also lots of for room to experiment with other spices and mix in's. I liked the addition of fresh fruit, but nuts, chips, or dried fruits with other spice combos would work too. Just a cup and spoon to wash when you are done! I love this recipe! I give it a 5 star. It's simple, good, & super fast. Exactly what I was looking for. Definitely try it if you haven't. It’s good but some of the bread was really soggy and that part was gross I would recommend just making normal French toast After reading the reviews about soggy bread, I made this with just a splash of milk in the egg mixture. Then I added bread as needed to get the right consistency because I can't stand soggy bread. I cut up two pieces of cinnamon bread, but it made a lot of cubes. I probably only used one slice in the recipe. I also added blueberries before microwaving. It turned out delicious with a drizzle of syrup and more fresh fruit. Powdered sugar would be nice too. It tasted like french toast, but honestly, isn't this just bread pudding? Cooked it an extra minute and it was still too mushy. I thought it was great. I used powdered sugar on top instead of syrup. I wouldn't make it again if i really had to.It mostly taste like egg and no cinnamon and don't use a mug. So easy and tastes great! Call me weird, but I like peanut butter and syrup on my French toast, so I turned it out into a bowl and added a touch of my 2 extra ingredients. Perfect! This is a great, simple recipe! Honestly we were not expecting it to be so good and will make this again soon. We added a small amount of maples syrup when done and it exceeded our expectations. This recipe is really  good. you  need to  put it in  the microwave  for two minutes and I would recommend a bit less milk, but otherwise I loved it.
