Baked Fresh Rainbow Trout
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236814/baked-fresh-rainbow-trout/
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Grease a 9x13-inch baking dish with 1 teaspoon olive oil. Place trout in the prepared baking dish and coat with remaining olive oil. Gather the seasoning ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Season inside and outside of fish with dill, thyme, and salt. Stuff each fish with onion slices; grind pepper on top. Place 1 lemon slice on each fish. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven for 10 minutes; add hot water to dish. Continue baking until fish flakes easily with a fork, about 10 minutes more. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
I made this tonight with rainbow trout and it turned out beautifully in the end. I would recommend NOT using a glass dish, but to cook it in metal. When we added the little bit of water to the pyrex dish (as instructed), the entire pyrex dish shattered in our oven. I should have known better with water and glass, but trusted the recipe. Thankfully, the fish was saved and we finished cooking it in a metal roasting pan. Great recipe,  I added more seasoning. Also, I brushed fish with an olive oil before seasoning. Wonderful flavor & easy preparation set up yes I made it without using freshly cut lemons (but I drizzled lemon juice from a bottle onto the top of the trout). I added some slices of ginger inside the belly and on top and it turned out perfect. I used a metal cake baking tin as I did not have any proper ceramic or oven metal baking tray to cook fish, and it worked perfectly! I also added fresh Dill on top of dried Dill.The fish turned out crispy on the fins and tail (tail can be eaten crisp) and the skin is slightly crisped but the fish is still soft and tender and the flesh crumbles easily. The herbs and olive oil blend so well and they make this fish so fragrant and flavorful! It's very yummy and my fiance and his dad really loved the taste and texture! 13 incher from our trip to the Sierra Nevada. Failed to add any spices beyond pink salt and fresh ground pepper. Not needed, mother nature delivered all the flavor! My mum put 5 whole Trout in front of me and said cook this.  As a chef I don't like to start cooking without planning. I made this and everyone loved it. I'm cooking it for the second time now. It's super easy and delicious. It was a good recipe but I had to use a larger pan because the fish were 18 inches long. Followed the recipe the fish flaked away beautifully and very flavoursome. The combination of flavors in this recipe is fantastic - lemon, onion, dill, thyme, sea salt, black pepper.I used all ingredients as stated, I just used more of them.  I think I added extra dill & thyme inside the fish.  Trout is a very mild fish and can handle a good amount of seasoning.  Even when the inside was covered with the dill & thyme, the end result of flavor was still mild.I put sliced lemon inside the fish and covered the entire top of each fish with sliced lemon.   My kiddo wanted even more lemon flavor so squeezed the sliced lemons on the fish once it was plated.This is the recipe I will be using anytime we go trout fishing from now on.
