Meatloaf Cupcakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236847/meatloaf-cupcakes/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Mix ground beef, saltine crackers, onion, green bell pepper, milk, egg, Worcestershire sauce, garlic, black pepper, and seasoned salt together in a bowl. Stir ketchup and brown sugar together in a bowl. Spoon ketchup mixture into the bottom of each muffin cup of a 6-cup muffin tin. Fill muffin cups with beef mixture, leaving 1/2-inch space on the top. Bake in the preheated oven until no longer pink in the center, about 30 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C). Drain fat from muffin cups. Top each 'cupcake' with mashed potatoes and Cheddar cheese. Continue baking until cheese is melted, about 10 minutes.
This are really good and fun! I used a 12-cup cupcake pan. Even following the recipe, there was too much mixture to make only 6. The mixture filled 8 of the cups. I assume a 6-cup muffin tin has larger cups (like jumbo muffins) than my 12-cup pan. I ended up putting the mashed potatoes on the side (with gravy). My young grandbaby doesn't like her food to "touch" anything else on her plate so I thought the potatoes on the side would be best for her. Unfortunately, she had seen me add the onions and green pepper to the mixture while she was doing her homework so she pretty much nixed them before they were even on the table. Although these did not please the picky child, the rest of us enjoyed them very much! I received repeated compliments on these meatloaf cupcakes. I will definitely make them again. I will probably double the recipe and freeze the leftovers for a future meal. Thanks for the recipe, matykada! I used my own meatloaf recipe, but this is such a fun idea! I left a hollow 'well' in each muffin and put a surprise gravy filling before topping with mashed potatoes and cheese sprinkles. Also, instead of the tomato at the base, I actually served these from a rectangular slow cooker with a base of gravy. I substituted panko for the saltines because a member of our household struggles with high blood pressure. Everyone loved it. I have two very picky nephew's and they loved it so much they are already asking me to make it again. This recipe is a keeper. I added a little bit of Nougat to the cupcake and it turned out looking like this. ABSOLUTE FAIL. It looks nothing like the picture you showed. Thanks a lot KAREN. Made and enjoyed it. It was fun. 2 changes I made was I did not make it in tins so I did not use the ketchup and brown sugar. I also used panko instead of crackers. It came out great and shared it with the family and they got a good laugh out of it but also enjoyed it. With make it again. These were great! I used turkey instead of beef and frosted them with the potatoes. It cut cooking time down substantially. Everyone loved! my mother made these 4 us when I was a kid. except she would put a spoonful of mashed potatoes on top make an indent with the spoon and put peas carrots or corn in the indent for birds nests! I carried on the tradition for my kids now my daughter does them for her kids! these were really good an really cute Excellent and easy!
