Waffle Iron Cornbread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236853/waffle-iron-cornbread/
Preheat and lightly grease a waffle iron according to the manufacturer's instructions. Whisk cornmeal, flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and paprika together in a bowl. Stir buttermilk, butter, and egg together in a separate bowl; stir into flour mixture until batter is just blended. Ladle 1/2 to 3/4 cup batter into the preheated waffle iron; cook waffle according to manufacturer's instructions until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Repeat with remaining batter.
Very good recipe! I made chicken and waffles tonight for dinner and I thought these waffles would go perfectly with them,Boy was I right!! My only change was I separated my egg and whipped my egg white! These waffles are terrific! very very tasty!! Added some cheese and jalapeno peppers.. wow! Loved this! It is so much easier to eat then standard cornbread, it isn’t crumbly! We enjoyed this with taco soup, it was wonderful.  I used the Greek yogurt/milk substitution for the buttermilk, as I only had powdered buttermilk substitute and I find it can make batters a bit thin.  The yogurt worked fabulously, it was about 3 T with milk added to make 1.5 cups. This is a keeper, thank you! We love these waffles! Delicious and so easy to make. I made for a friend and she loved them. Followed the recipe exactly but did add 1/2 tsp cinnamon. Thank you for posting. I followed this recipe exactly and the batter was really soupy. I didn't realize before but apparently I prefer sweeter cornbread because this just didn't do it for me. With some tweaks (addition of sugar and less buttermilk) it could probably be a great recipe. Good, not great. I should have read some reviews first... I agree with everyone who ended up with runny and soupy batter. I cooked the first waffle exact to recipe and it was just off. Added another 1/2 Cup flour and it got better. Another sprinkle of flour made them as good as they were going to get. I'm estimating that 1 cup of milk is plenty! I also agree with the honey additions. With some tweaks this is going to be really good. These worked out very well with no modifications. These worked out very well with no modifications. I didn't add full amount of buttermilk to this. Would have been really soupy.  Added gradually and it was a cup at the most. But they were very yummy.
