Branzino Mediterranean
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236932/branzino-mediterranean/
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Drizzle 1 tablespoon olive oil into a large baking pan; add red onion and season with salt and pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place 2 whole fish into the baking pan. Stuff each cavity with 1 lemon wedge, 1 rosemary sprig, and some of the red onion in the pan. Pour white wine and lemon juice over fish and sprinkle with oregano. Drizzle remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil over fish. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until fish is opaque and flakes easily with a fork, about 25 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Gently slide a spatula between the bones to separate fish; remove all the bones. Serve fish on a platter; garnish with parsley and 2 lemon wedges.
Thank you for the recipe! Made it just like you describe... well almost. I 'zested' up some of the lemon and mixed it with the onion that I put into the cavity. Other than that... Bottom line is the fish was a BIG hit! Gonna have to buy more bronzino (bronzini?) soon. Thanks! Absolutely amazing! Found the fish at Costco and never made it. It’s very light and flaky, wonderful flavor. I added minced garlic and herbs also a little fish sauce and it was delicious! Amazing!  Brought back memories of dining in an Italian restaurant in Sardinia & Bella Napoli.  Easy to make also I made everything in advance then let it marinate in the refrigerator for about an hour in all of it’s ingredients. It’s so much better this way and you can taste the difference! Za'atar & oregano & thyme. Excellent fish for any occasion. This is absolutely DELICIOUS!!! I make it exactly as the recipe calls out and every time we fight for the last bite.  Thank you so much for sharing this recipe. Delicious, my husband even like it . Nice flavor will be making again . It was delicious and fairly easy to make. I added tomatoes and red pepper flakes like it said on notes. I also added additional lemon juice and baked at 350 for an additional 15 min then broiled it for another 5 mins to get the top a little coloring. Easy and delicious! This has become a standard Item on dinner menu now. My picky daughters love it too!
