Simple Slow-Cooked Korean Beef Soft Tacos
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/237005/simple-slow-cooked-korean-beef-soft-tacos/
Place chuck roast into a slow cooker with onion, brown sugar, soy sauce, garlic, jalapeño pepper, ginger, rice vinegar, sesame oil, salt, and pepper. Cover and cook until meat is tender and can easily be pulled apart with a fork, on Low for 10 hours or High for 8 hours. Transfer roast to a cutting board and shred meat with two forks. Return to the slow cooker and mix with the juices. Serve with corn tortillas.
I made it! And it was AMAZING! The only "twist" that I made was actually not using the slow cooker. It took me 1 hour to make this dish on my pressure cooker! So for those of you who own one and don't have the 8hrs luxury, go ahead and follow the instructions just place everything on your pressure cooker and let it do its job for and hour or hour and a half. The beef was so tender, shredded itself while cooking. Everybody at home loved it and it was great with tortillas, over potatoes, you name it. Great way to cook beef or pork. I cooked both and in my opinion pork tasted better with this recipe, although the beef was great too. I had stew meat to use up and served it with a slaw mix. It was delicious! I will add this to my rotation. My family felt it tasted like regular pot roast, not taco meat, and DEFINITELY not Korean. A keeper!!! I used my instant pot on high for 35min slow release (with an added 2/3 cup water) with 2lbs of frozen beef tips (stew meat).  After pressure cooking I removed the meat and reduced the liquid down to a thick sauce by simmering and adding about a couple tsp of potato starch.I waited until after I shredded the meat to add in the rice vinegar, sesame oil, and extra salt & pepper.We served it on hard corn taco shells with avocado, lettuce, and tomato. Family loved it. Excellent! Used 1 lb of stew beef, cut ingredients by 2/3. On the stove 2 1/2 hours in a little pot, had to add a little water. Didn't have a hot pepper and forgot to use the chili paste but will next time. After tasting it as it heated up added orange zest and served it with rice with a squeeze of orange. Added a little slurry of cornstarch at the very end to make a gravy. So easy and so good. 2 of us ate it all. I did this in the instant pot (30 min) with stew meat instead of a roast and it was perfect.To whoever suggested a hand mixer for shredding the beef: I LOVE you and this is how I'll do this from now on, it was SO much easier than shedding with forks! Thank you! We LOVE this recipe. Usually eat it over rice with cucumber / other veggies.We do not follow the recipe on the jalapeño and ginger, instead we use the chef notes and use chili paste. Always turns out amazing and we've made it at least 10 times. Wonderfully simple and meal with a complex flavor spectrum sure to please everyone.  Here's the secret...if you like spice ( I do) add more peppers, ginger, or garlic.  I actually chopped all my garlic unsure if it would overpower everything else. It didn't. Everything blended together perfectly.  I didn't have jalapeños so I added the garlic chili paste as suggested. Toppings were just a prepackaged mix with the soy sauce and vinegar with some fresh cilantro and a squeeze of lime. Fantastic! I'll definitely try it with a Serrano pepper or two next time to give it a touch more heat balancing out the sweetness. I'll definitely make this again...and again...and again. So good and so easy! We topped with sweet chili coleslaw, the next day my daughter had it over rice. This is definitely a keeper!
