Creamy Avocado Chicken Salad
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/237284/creamy-avocado-chicken-salad/
Place chicken in a food processor; process until finely chopped. Add avocado, sour cream, black pepper, lime juice, garlic powder, onion powder, and salt; blend until smooth (or the consistency you desire).
Calling all avocado lovers! This particular recipe was extremely quick and easy. Very smooth and creamy! This is a great alternative to using mayo in my chicken salad all of the time. The sour cream adds just the right amount of acidity along with the lime. This recipe did call for blending the chicken with the avocado, but I did see the review mentioning that it came out pasty. I have made it with the chicken blended and while I do not mind it, I really enjoy chunks of chicken in my salad, so I opted this time to add it after I have blended all of the other ingredients. I served it along with some brioche sliders and voila! Perfect for a group of friends too. Will continue to make this again and again! when looking for a different chicken salad, this is a good twist. I substituted 2% small curd cottage cheese for sour cream out of curiosity (and since I am on a cottage cheese kick).I added about 1/2 of a chopped up pear to the portion I put into my bowl to eat for lunch,  for more contrast & some sweetness.  It was pretty good! Craisins instead of pears might taste good also. We absolutely LOVED this recipe!!  As many suggested, I did not use a food processor for any ingredients because we like the chunkiness of the solids (especially the chicken) mixed with the creamyness of the "sauce."  I substituted onion powder with fresh chopped green onion, garlic powder with finely chopped fresh garlic, and sour cream with Greek yogurt.   Served on crackers with a slice of raw tomato it was fabulous! Food processor too much trouble, so I finely chopped precooked chicken from grocery store. Used half sour cream, half Mayo, and added a finely chopped jalapeño. Served atop salad of mixed greens with tomato slices, dressed first with fresh lemon juice. This is good. I really liked the lime and avocado flavor with the chicken. I didn't add all the pepper--probably just a total of 1/4 t. I used canned chicken, so I didn't puree any of it--just stirred it all around until creamy, but with a few chunks. I took some out for myself, and then I added diced red onion because my husband has to have raw onion in any chicken salad. I also added a few dashes of hot sauce to his. Flavorful and delicious.  I didn't change a thing.  Loved the cool of the sour cream, the zing of the lime and the creamy avocado. Yummy!  I use a hand mixer to shred the chicken after I break the chicken into big chunks by hand.  And I mash the avocado with an avocado tool I have with a little masher on the end.  Easy peasy :) This tasted really good. The only thing I didn't like was having to get out my big food processor for this little bit of food so I tried to use the blender- bad idea. Way too thick so I ended up using a fork to shred the chicken and it was hard to get everything out of the bottom of the blender. This recipe is delicious! A couple changes- instead of sour cream, use 0% milk fat Greek yogurt. Tastes the same, has less fat, and is loaded with protein. Also, I added some red onion for a little crunch! And because I love garlic, I threw in a few cloves. We ate this on crackers, and also rolled up in a tortilla. YUM!
