Spiced Pecans
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/23720/spiced-pecans/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil. Beat egg white and water together in a large bowl; add pecans and stir to coat. Mix sugar, cinnamon, salt, cloves, and nutmeg in a small bowl; sprinkle over moistened nuts. Spread nuts on the prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven, stirring once or twice, until toasted and fragrant, about 30 minutes.
Great recipe! I have actually modified it a bit after several tries. I use two egg whites and omit the cloves. I also double up, at least, on the cinnamon. Then I stir them every 10 minutes while they are baking. Thanks for sharing your recipe! I make these all the time. I can't stop eating them and have to hide them from my husband! Easy, quick and delicious!! I had just over 3 cups of pecan halves so cut sugar to 3/4 cup. Followed the rest of the recipe and they were great! Family loved them and has requested they be made often! Thank you for sharing this recipe! I have made these for years now...friends wait for them and office staff asks for them!  These are a winner...just be mindful of your oven as time can vary on cook time. Best best , but cook in intervals, i did 10 min , toss then another 10-12.. doneExcellent Sp flavorful!!! I get requests for them and the recipe constantly! I added another 1/2 tsp cinnamon, a tsp Butternut  flavoring and another cup of pecans. I omitted the cloves and nutmeg.I cooked on parchment paper at 290 degrees for one hour, turning them every 15 minutes. They turned out great! I ALWAYS get rave reviews when I make these. Several family members and friends are diabetic, so I wanted to make a blood sugar friendly version for them. I made two batches with monk fruit sweetener instead of sugar. I shortened the baking time by 10 minutes, and they turned out fantastic. (The monk fruit sweetener supposedly doesn't cause a rise in blood sugar.) I’ve been making these since the late 70’s. The only changes are, I use 1/4 tsp cloves and add 1/4 tsp cardamom. I don’t bake mine, I’ve burned too many things that way (shredded coconut, nuts, etc). Instead I put them in a pan on the stovetop stirring often so I can keep a close eye on them. yummy good
