Hawaiian Ham and Cheese Sliders
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/237358/hawaiian-ham-and-cheese-sliders/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray a 9x13-inch baking dish with cooking spray. otdash Meredith Food Studio Melt butter in a saucepan over medium-low heat; cook and stir onion in the melted butter until softened, 5 to 10 minutes. Add mustard, poppy seeds, and Worcestershire sauce; cook and stir for 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Arrange the roll bottoms in the prepared baking dish. Spoon 2/3 of the onion mixture over top. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add ham and cheese to each roll. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place the roll tops over the cheese layer, then brush the remaining onion mixture over top. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cover the dish with aluminum foil. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Remove aluminum foil and bake until the roll tops are lightly browned, 5 to 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Deeeelicious! We love this style of sandwich, and this one did not disappoint! We really liked how with this recipe, you put two-thirds the butter-onion mixture in the sandwich rather than all of the mixture on the top. To mince the onion, I just put it in my small chopper and let it do the work. The oven times were spot on for me. Fifteen minutes covered and 7 minutes uncovered. Thanks whizgee, for sharing your version of this popular sandwich. It is a keeper. Made as described but just wanted to share a super easy way to cut them. Before assembling, put the conjoined rolls on a piece of parchment paper. Slice them in half the long way so you have all 12 roll tops still together. Assemble the “sandwich” but do not add butter mixture to the top yet. Slice the sandwiches into 12 pieces while still on top of the parchment paper. Pick up the parchment paper and set them all into the pan you will bake them in. Now slather with butter and bake. I scaled this down to a quarter, as I only was making 4 sandwiches. I had to make the sauce twice as the first time, I tried shortcuts and used dried minced onion and tried to microwave the sauce. It did not work out because the butter broke, so I pulled out my little saucepan, minced up some red onion that was in my fridge, and followed as directed. That was sort of a fail too, as I must have had the heat too high even on med-low, as the butter broke after I added in the poppy seeds and mustard. It lost that pretty creamy look, and turned to oil and what I will term "the rest". I wasn't about to waste any more ingredients, so I just went ahead with the ugly broken sauce with the purple onions, and made these are directed. I didn't have swiss cheese, but I did have some shredded cheddar, so I went with it. I liked the idea of putting some of the sauce down on the buns beneath the ham. I carefully layered the ham slices so they only covered a single bun per slice, that way when they were pulled apart, the ham didn't all pull out too. These were okay, but not as good as my sister in law's because she uses brown sugar in hers too, and I think it needed it. The bottoms of the buns got a little soggy on the inside corners where they were touching, I think because of the moisture in the ham. The outer edges that weren't touching another sandwich developed a wonderfully crispy slightly crunchy "crust" and that was really good. These were okay, but with the problems I had with the sauce portion, and with the flavor a little lacking, I'll probably not make it this way again. The purple onions worked out just fine so you can use any onion you have on hand. My favorite part was where the cheese melted and ran out and made a cheesy skirt of poppy seeds, onions, and that melty butter. Yes, you'll need plenty of napkins to eat these as your fingers will be greasy. Pretty good and it made a nice easy lunch that beat the heck out of a cold sandwich. Delicious, easy to make, and fast. My family loved it. I made everything vegan down to the homemade artisan-style bread. I used vegan meat. One of my favorites!Although, it’s missing a Step 8:Slice the individual rolls apart. Otherwise,  large slices of ham and cheese will pull out when picking up each roll. Was great! But don’t buy your deli ham at Walmart!  They won’t slice it thin or shave it because “it hurts their arms”!!!! Good recipe though! Delicious Tehehehe
