Buffalo-Style Chicken Pizza
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/23735/buffalo-style-chicken-pizza/
Gather the ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Mix chicken, hot sauce, and melted butter in a bowl until well combined. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place crust onto a rimmed baking sheet or pizza pan. Spread salad dressing over crust. otdash Meredith Food Studio Top with chicken mixture and sprinkle with mozzarella. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until crust is golden brown and cheese is bubbly, about 5 to 10 minutes. Let sit a few minutes before slicing. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Good recipe, but I made changes (I'd give my version 5 stars): 1)I pre-cooked the raw crust for 6-10 minutes or so 2)I didn't use a bottle of dressing. I just spread some dressing around on the crust until it looked covered, but not globbed on (maybe 1/2 cup?) and I used ranch because I like it better. 3) I put half mozz. cheese and half cheddar cheese on top of the pizza (to me, this pizza just called for some cheddar) along with chopped red onion. Used a buffalo sauce and put some blue cheese on top .Delicious 😍 I used gardine chick'n' breast , home made vegan dough, vegan cheese, vegan dressing, vegan butter. I left out the hot sauce, I used passata instead. I used some of my favorite veggies and doritos.  I spread the dressing out on the dough/crust with a cookers brush until it covered the dough completly. Then layered with cheese, then veggies, gardine chick'n' then cheese, then doritos then more veggies, and then some place cheese  and crushed doritos on top. The doritos gives that crunch flavor and taste.  The vegan butter I used on the outside edges of the dough/crust brushed on with a cookers brush. I think the recipe's intention on ingredient list and amount is just like any pizza, use the amount you think you'd like on it.  How much cheese, toppings, sauce, just like any other pizza.  I used ranch, hot wing sauce and stone fire NAAN flat bread so I didn't need the amount the recipe called for.  I'm glad I had this as a guidance and it turned out GREAT!  Thank you for the recipe! Love chicken on pizzas I cannot wait to make this.  I've also been craving for some Butter Chicken Pizza and some fried chicken pizza! I love me a chicken pizza! I'd love to see a recipe on a South Asian cuisine-inspired pizza, something like butter chicken would be amazing! I’m going to go out on a limb and say that the people that used a whole bottle a d thought it was too much used a 15oz bottle instead of 8oz.  I liked the recipe but preferred ranch and franks mixed for the base sauce.  8oz of sauce seemed like the right amount for a large pan sized crust. Quick and easy! My kind of easy meal.  I don’t usually make changes the first time around when making a new recipe.  This time I did because because I didn’t think it needed to be exact.  My changes were: I didn’t use as much Blue cheese dressing as called for.  I poured some on the  crust until it looked like enough.  I used one small leftover grilled chicken breast, and Monterey Jack cheese, since that is what I had on hand, the buffalo wing sauce I used extra, again until it looked like enough.  I will make this again and again.  Very tasty. The pizza disappeared very quickly.  Next time I will try putting the mixture in Won Ton wraps to use as an appetizer. Thanks for this recipe. Very delicious and very easy. This is a EXCELLENT recipe!!!  Who knew something so easy could taste SOOO  good!!  The only change I made was that I used thighs instead of breast.  To me, the thighs have ALOT  more flavor and juiciness and this was no exception. Again, this was OUTSTANDING!!
