Easy-Made German Quark
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/237361/easy-made-german-quark/
Preheat oven to 200 degrees F (95 degrees C). Line a colander with cheese cloth and place over a large pot in the sink. Gently mix buttermilk and cream together in a 2-quart ceramic casserole dish. Cook in the preheated oven for 2 hours and 15 minutes. Pour buttermilk mixture into the prepared colander; drain for 45 to 60 minutes. Transfer drained cheese to a bowl and beat with an electric hand mixer until smooth and creamy. Store in the refrigerator.
Here is my version of perfect quark. I use Costco's Plain Greek Yoghurt 32 oz size and drain it on cheese cloth for about 12 hours. It comes out perfect to use in recipes and looks and tastes like Quark. I thought the recipe called for real buttermilk, it does not. It's calling for the "buttermilk" you buy in the store which is cultured milk. Does Not work with real buttermilk. I've made this recipe many times and love it.  So easy and so versatile. I was skeptical at first that this would actually separate to make cheese, but i followed the instructions exactly and it turned out wonderfully!, great texture and a lovely soft mild cheese, and so easy to do! Thanks I just got finished and am pleasantly surprised how good it tastes even though I have not cooled it in the refrigerator yet.This made my day. Thank you for shearing this recipe!! This recipe was the easiest and best I found online! Worked perfect! Here is my version of perfect quark.  I use Costco's Plain Greek Yoghurt 32 oz size and drain it on cheese cloth for about 12 hours.  It comes out perfect to use in recipes and looks and tastes like Quark. Itoo lived in Austria and have recipes.  I always use Magerquark (topen) and found a similar recipe.  It works with whole milk, 2%, 1%, and even skimmed milk.  Difference is quantity when finished.  My recipe suggests heating the milk to 185 (160 at 5000 ft, where I live.  Pour into glass, plastic, or stainless steel bowl.  Cool to 110 and stir in buttermilk aout 12 hours.  I strain through large coffee strainers.  Will have weigh which is great for baking bread, pancakes and I even use in green drinks.  But cuts down on the fats in the finished product.  The recipe as written here makes great creme fraisch. Looking for a recipe to make hand kaese, that wonderfully stinky but delicious cheese. Read somewhere quark was used but can't find the process. Would like to find out! Thanks!!!!
