Peach and Goat Cheese Tartine
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/237477/peach-and-goat-cheese-tartine/
Set oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil. Place toast on prepared baking sheet and drizzle each side with about 1 teaspoon olive oil. Stir goat cheese, thyme, pepper together in a bowl until soft and spreadable. Spread cheese mixture on each piece of toast all the way to the edges so entire piece is covered. Top each toast with 3 peach slices; drizzle remaining olive oil and sprinkle salt over the top. Broil in the preheated oven until tops and edges are lightly browned and cheese and peaches are warmed through, about 2 minutes.
Easy recipe and good, although, wait until late Summer. I did these with peaches this week and the peaches just weren't that good. Not the recipe's fault. The black pepper really makes the dish. Be careful because it burns the edges of the bread very quickly. I made it with peaches, strawberries, and raspberries. The raspberries were a bit too tart. The whole thing might need a little bit of sugar sprinkled on top of the fruit. Other than that, a great recipe. Had to use well-drained, canned peaches and 1/4 tsp. of dried thyme.  For my taste, too much olive oil.  Next time will use olive oil on only one side of the bread, try it with some mint or rosemary instead of thyme; and drizzle a little honey on top instead of more olive oil. Delicious! My bread was a bit too fresh, but still very tasty. I used peaches but also used strawberries tossed in sushi vinegar (rice vinegar and sugar). Both are great. :) I'm a huge fan of Chef John! My boyfriend and I have watched his videos together since we started dating in 2014--when I get lonely when I travel, I listen to Chef John. Very easy to make. I used melba toast instead. Very good!! This is so good and easy to make.  I would give it 10 stars rather than the five.  Chef John has hit a grand slam homer with this dish. Fantastic appetizer! I used a French baguette and trippled the cheese, Thyme and pepper. Had to have it in the broiler close to 10 minutes at 6" from heat. It was a HUGE success! I will be making this again for certain! I love this recipe!!!  You can also vary with putting the peaches on the grill first and then really kicking up that summer flavor!!  The grill helps if your peaches aren't end of summer perfect quite yet.
