Italian Lemon Cream Cake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/237434/italian-lemon-cream-cake/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Coat the bottom of a 10-inch springform pan with cooking spray. Reserve 1 cup cake mix for crumb topping; place remaining in a large bowl. Add 3/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon milk, oil, and eggs to bowl; beat using an electric mixer until batter thoroughly combined, about 2 minutes. Pour into the prepared pan. Whisk melted butter and vanilla extract together in a bowl; stir in reserved 1 cup cake mix until crumbly. Sprinkle over cake batter. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 30 to 35 minutes. Cool in the pan until room temperature. Beat cream cheese, 1/3 cup confectioners' sugar, lemon juice, and lemon zest together in a bowl until smooth and creamy. Beat cream and remaining 1/3 cup confectioners' sugar together in a separate bowl using an electric mixer until stiff peaks form. Fold cream cheese mixture into whipped cream. Remove cake from springform pan. Cut cake into 2 layers, horizontally, using a serrated knife. Spread cream filling onto bottom cake layer; place top layer over filling. Refrigerate cake for at least 4 hours. Dust cake with more confectioners' sugar before serving.
I should preface this by saying that I've never had the restaurant version the submitter talks about. I wanted to like this more than I did, but most of my feelings about it have to do with wanting more lemon flavor (perhaps it isn't supposed to). Also, it was hard to cut to look good. It could be that the day I made this we had high humidity and even a few raindrops---unusual for a warm July day in SoCal. One mistake I made was to use parchment on the bottom of my springform pan---totally unnecessary and burdensome. I would maybe use half milk and half lemon juice in the cake itself, or at least use lemon flavoring in the cake topping. Another thought would be to spritz the top of the bottom layer of cake with a simple syrup made with lemon juice and sugar. I would use a little more lemon zest in the cream layer. I will try this again on another day! Thanks, CindyAnn! Didn't have a spring form pan so used two 9inch rounds.  Worked great. Added a little lemon juice to cake mix, was a hit at a dinner party! This turned out pretty good. Made as described but added a few blueberries to go with it. Not as heavy a dessert as it looks. I made this today and my family loved it. The only thing I did differently was add more lemon zest and just a little more confectionery sugar to the filling. I did save enough to put a little on the side and top of the cake. Will definitely make it again! Loved it! I doubled the lemon juice and zest Loved it…I did this:  mainly, because I wanted more lemon flavor.Used 1/2 milk and 1/4c lemon juice.  And I was sorry, I didn’t have whipping cream so, I used cream cheese and power sugar  used lemon juice and zest .  It turned out great!Thank you for this lemon cake , next time I’ll make sure to have whipping cream Made it! I did use lemon cake mix instead of white, and I added too much powdered sugar in the filling so it didn't stand up as well as I'd like, but no one seemed to care &  they loved it! Thank you so much! I have this cake many times and everyone loves it. It was very good. If I make it again, I need to allow for some high-altitude adjustments as the cake fell. I would also add some additional lemon juice to pop the flavor a bit. Everything about this recipe is perfect it’s been requested by many many friends over the past couple of years and it never fails to please everyone!?
