Chocolate Chip and Cranberry Scones
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/237580/chocolate-chip-and-cranberry-scones/
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Mix flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt together in a food processor; add butter and process until the resulting mixture resembles breadcrumbs. Transfer mixture to a large mixing bowl. Stir chocolate chips and cranberries into the flour mixture. Add almond milk 1 tablespoon at a time, mixing it into the flour mixture with your hands or a spoon. Whisk almond milk and vanilla extract together in a small bowl and stir into the mixture with the final addition of almond milk, kneading the resulting dough by hand until it begins to come together, adding extra almond milk as needed to make it moist enough to be workable. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and roll into 11 golf ball-sized spheres and flatten so they resemble a pancake about 3/4-inch thick; arrange onto a baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, 12 to 14 minutes.
Let me know if any substitutions work! This recipe itself is an adaptation of a scone recipe I was given :) I thought these were delicious! I did substitute the almond milk for vanilla soy, and had to use more than the recipe called for. I also threw in some white chocolate chips because I had some on hand. Other than that... I followed the recipe. Will definitely make these again! Thanks! Made the version with the cocoa and skim milk and very pleased with the result.  The outside has a slight crunchiness, and the texture inside is dense but not dry.  The chewy cranberries add another layer of texture although their flavor was somewhat obscured by the dark chocolate cocoa I used.  Really good! It  was ok. Kind of bland.. I used 2% Milk, and only used a quarter of a bag of mini chocolate chips. It actually proportioned out well in the mix, I did it all by hand and was a little discouraged when my mix didn't look like bread crumbs at one point but i pushed through and they came out amazing! Very tasty, not to dry, came out great! These scones were rich and dry, exactly the way I like them! In order to make them vegan, I used coconut oil instead of butter, and I used vegan mini chocolate chips. I had some fresh cranberries hanging around so I was looking for a recipe to use them.  First off, note that this recipe has a discrepancy with the amount of vanilla. It says 1 tsp above but then talks about adding 1 tablespoon at a time. Don't let that scare your off.  I used 3 tablespoons of vanilla, adding it to the dry ingredients - it came perfect so I would say add vanilla to your taste. Also, I used fresh cranberries, white chocolate chips, and milk chocolate chips. I also used 2% milk because that's what I had. I don't press down on my scones before baking because I like that rustic look. Try this recipes, it is wonderful and flexible. Thank you for sharing it KLang436! Let me know if any substitutions work! This recipe itself is an adaptation of a scone recipe I was given :)
