Crispy Ginger Beef
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/237807/crispy-ginger-beef/
Place cornstarch in a large bowl; gradually whisk in water until smooth. Whisk eggs into cornstarch mixture; toss steak strips in mixture to coat. Pour canola oil into a wok, 1-inch deep; heat oil over high heat until hot but not smoking. Place 1/4 of the beef strips into hot oil; separate strips with a fork. Cook, stirring frequently, until coating is crisp and golden, about 3 minutes. Remove beef to drain on paper towels; repeat with remaining beef. Drain off all but 1 tablespoon oil; cook and stir carrot, bell peppers, green onions, ginger, and garlic over high heat until lightly browned but still crisp, about 3 minutes. Whisk sugar, rice vinegar, soy sauce, sesame oil, and red pepper flakes together in a small bowl. Pour sauce mixture over vegetables in wok; bring mixture to a boil. Stir beef back into vegetable mixture; cook and stir just until heated through, about 3 minutes.
This is absolutely awesome! I followed it as directed with the exception of using moose instead of beef. Perfection! This is my all time favorite recipe!!  It actually is better than take out. It has just enough heat mixed with the zing of the ginger. So crispy! I also add the sesame oil. (That`s the secret ingredient. ) Goes well with home made fried rice.  I make an extra 1/2 batch of the sauce so there's lots to go around. Added water chestnuts and bamboo shoots. Love love loved this!!! Was excellent.  Definitely in our rotation.Bob the American I substituted cornstarch with almond flour, and omitted sugar altogether (I have diabetes and am on a low carb diet).  It still came out good, will definitely cook again. I wish I had read far enough down in the reviews to see recommendations to avoid sugar at all costs but tragically I didn’t and found the sauce to be utterly disgusting. It was extra sad because I splurged on strip steak and followed another reviewers advice of how to properly velvet the steak which turned out perfectly. I don’t think I’ll try it again. It’s so  delicious that I’ve made it several times. However my biggest issue is the method of cooking the meat. As much as I’ve tried, I cannot fork apart the meat. There is oil spitting everywhere!  unless I put each piece in separately, it globs together and then when I can pull it apart after it’s cooked, there’s gelatinous blobs of fried cornstarch glued to the meat or it’s in a big blob that is easily confused with the meat which is a nasty texture, like fat. Other than that, I would give this a 5. I will continue to look for other methods of frying up small pieces of meat to make them crispy. If a person has the time to deposit  the meat individually into the oil, that’s great but it stretches out the time to do it individually and it increases the time to pull apart the fused glob. Absolutely fantastic, a real flavor punch. I used different veggies and a little less sugar for the sauce. I served it over jasmin rice and it turned out great. I will absolutely be making this recipe again. I have made this recipe a number of times. It is always a crowd pleaser.
