Filipino Lechon Kawali
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/237899/filippino-lechon-kawali/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine pork belly, garlic, bay leaves, salt, and pepper in a skillet; pour in enough water to cover. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer until skin is tender, 35 to 45 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Drain and let sit at room temperature until pork has air-dried. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Fry pork in the hot oil, working in batches, until golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove fried pork with a slotted spoon and drain on a paper towel-lined plate. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Instead of room temp, u can actually place it in the ref for about 30-1hr. When you fry it, it will be really crispy! This is one of the sinful yummy foods you'll ever taste We thought this was really good.  I'm going to do it again but add more flavor & seasonings to the water boil but they were great as is. This was good, but the oil popped a lot kinda scary.  Made sauce vinegar and soy sauce with garlic.  I will make this again.  Guess I need to refrigerate longer Just made this. I loved the yummy aroma it made but was a little disappointed because it didn't turned as crispy as I expected it to be.  The other commenter was right, I should've refrigerated first before frying.  Also, the flavor was a bit bland. Had to add an extra dash of garlic salt and pepper after frying. This was very easy to make. It turned out perfect! Tasted Great! This is my wife's favorite from home! Very easy to make. And more importantly, my wife LOVED IT! My girlfriend and I made this for Thanksgiving with her family. It's been a while since I've eaten lechon kawali! This was a nice easy recipe to make Instead of room temp, u can actually place it in the ref for about 30-1hr. When you fry it, it will be really crispy! This is one of the sinful yummy foods you'll ever taste
