Chef John's Meatball-Inspired Meatloaf
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/238038/chef-johns-meatball-inspired-meatloaf/
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease a 9x13-inch baking dish. Heat olive oil and butter together in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Saute onion with a pinch of salt in hot oil and butter until onion is golden brown and soft, 5 to 10 minutes. Add garlic and saute until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Remove skillet from heat and cool onion mixture to room temperature. Place bread crumbs in a large bowl. Add milk and stir with a fork until combined. Let sit until all of the milk is absorbed into the breadcrumbs, 15 to 20 minutes. Combine ground chuck, cooled onion mixture, parsley, Parmesan cheese, eggs, 2 teaspoons salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper in a bowl. Grab a handful of breadcrumbs and squeeze very gently to remove excess milk. Repeat with remaining breadcrumbs, transfer breadcrumbs to ground chuck mixture, and discard excess milk. Stir ground chuck mixture until evenly combined. Turn chuck mixture out into prepared baking dish, and shape meat into a 3x4x10-inch meatloaf. Pour tomato sauce over the loaf and into the bottom of the dish. Bake in the preheated oven until no longer pink in the center, about 1 hour 10 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C). Let meatloaf rest for at least 10 minutes before slicing.
As the basic go-to meatloaf recipe, this is perfect: John understands all the things like soaking the bread crumbs and using dairy to keep the meatloaf moist and light. I would add sauteed veggies (mushrooms, peppers, celery and carrots, and whatever else was lurking in the veggie drawer), a spoonful of Worcestershire sauce or anchovy paste, and use a mix of beef, pork and veal for the loaf. What is so great about this recipe is that John ROCKS. He just does. No arguments, please. Another great Chef John recipe for a classic dish.  Instead of tomato sauce on top, I made a brown sugar glaze instead, which added some flavor depth. New Tricks for old Meatloaf!  I’ve added ALL your wonderful hints on HOW to make this more wonderful!  TY, Chef, John!  Now, onions heated well, added the garlic, cooled.  Now, breadcrumbs WITH milk. Now, lower profile loaf…. TY!  I make 3 smaller ones, and freeze 2 for mo’ meals!  Works perfectly! I've done this with ground turkey, gluten-free bread crumbs, and almond milk - delicious! Absolutely delicious, moist, and flavorful I made this twice.  First time followed Chef John's recipe exactly and it was very good/excellent.  Second making, I kept everything the same except I used 50% ground beef and 50% Jimmy dean pork sausage.  I would argue the sausage addition is even better! Not as many breadcrumbs, no milk, a can of cr of mushroom orCelery  soup. I made this meatloaf and it was fabulous.  It tasted like meatballs but not packed into a ball but very soft and juicy.  The only difference I made was to grate a red pepper into the mix.  It needed a little longer to cook than expected but I judged the amount of meat so maybe I used more than called for.  I fried up some peppers and onions also.  This is a keeper, will be making it again. Easy to make and delicious!
