Slow Cooker Venison Roast
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/23825/slow-cooker-venison-roast/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Clean venison roast and place in a slow cooker. Cover with onion slices, then sprinkle with soy sauce, Worcestershire sauce, garlic salt, and pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir onion soup mix and condensed soup together in a small bowl. Pour mixture over venison. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cover and cook on Low setting for 6 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
Delicious! I used a TBLS of minced garlic instead of garlic salt, added 1 1/2c of water, and cubed a couple potatoes, 2 carrots, and 2 celery stalks. For those that said this was too salty - use real garlic instead of the salt (or garlic powder) add a little water, and perhaps using low sodium soy sauce/cream of mushrooms soup would help a bunch as well. Turned out great for us and w/ my changes, we didn't find it salty! Good luck & happy cooking! This recipe is easy to follow, and is worth the effort! My family and I were very happy with how our venison roast turned out. Oh wow, was so delicious. I added fresh garlic instead of the garlic salt. I put chopped up carrot sl8ces and cubed kumera about 3 hours before it finished cooking and slowcooker on low for about  9 hours. It was so amazing thankyou. I used minced garlic instead of garlic salt. Other than that, I followed the directions to a T! Cooked to an internal temp of 145 degrees. Turned out perfect!! This could very well be one of our favorite deer roast recipes! Everyone went back for seconds! So tasty and full of flavor! Will definitely be sharing this recipe with others.I did substitute the garlic salt for minced garlic and it tasting amazing!! My family LOVED this! We tend to like salt so that didn't bother us. Also, for those who are down on the salt, salt tenderizes meat and will take away the game flavor. This venison roast was so tender and tasted like a beef pot roast! The gravy was amazing with it, too! Making this again tonight! This was the second time I used this recipe. It was fantastic both times! I added potatoes and carrots while cooking and everyone actually thought it was a beef pot roast!  I’ve recommended this recipe to others and they loved it as much as I did! Definitely a keeper 😋😍🥰 My family loved this! It made the venison roast so tender and melt in your mouth delicious! Added carrots from the garden towards the end and had rice on the side. I have made this many times and both my husband and I love it. I used low sodium soy sauce and garlic powder instead of garlic salt. Tender and tasteful
