Pumpkin Gingerbread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/23822/pumpkin-gingerbread/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease two 9x5 inch loaf pans. In a large mixing, combine sugar, oil and eggs; beat until smooth. Add water and beat until well blended. Stir in pumpkin, ginger, allspice cinnamon, and clove. In medium bowl, combine flour, soda, salt, and baking powder. Add dry ingredients to pumpkin mixture and blend just until all ingredients are mixed. Divide batter between prepared pans. Bake in preheated oven until toothpick comes out clean, about 1 hour.
Extremely easy recipe, which makes it especially nice for the holidays, when we all have plenty of other things to do! Moist and delicious.I recommend stirring the spices into the dry ingredients, rather than the wet. The ground cloves tend to clump a little bit in the wet ingredients, and nobody likes to get a mouthful of clove. The 3 cups of sugar just sounded way too sweet for a bread, so I cut it to 1 white and 1 light brown, it is plenty sweet.  Structure and crumb is light. I changed up the mixing sequence a little to assure the spices were well dispersed, dry ground spice into wet ingredients tend to clump up.  Worthy of making the recipe book. Love this bread! I use 2 cups of white sugar and 1 cup of brown sugar.  Also, added the spices to the dry mixture. I give this bread as gifts for the holidays and everyone loves it! I’ve been using this recipe for years and it’s the best I’ve found so far. I did get creative, poked little holes in the loaf with a cocktail tooth pick and poured 2 tablespoons of natural maple syrup (no corn syrup)  over the loaf. I really turned it up a notch. I did everything that the recipe said to do and it came out perfectly. So moist. Love the recipe as a base. I tweaked because that's what I almost always do with recipes. I did two cups of brown sugar and one cup of white sugar as I think brown sugar brings a better flavor to a recipe like this.I added crystallized ginger to the batter to give a bit of texture and extra ginger flavor. I followed the advice of another review and added the spices to the dry mix rather than the wet batter as the recipe recommends.I also double all the spices, except salt obviously, and the ginger since I added the crystallized ginger. I like a spicier gingerbread and this was a huge hit with my family at Thanksgiving and with my co-workers at our Christmas Party.The second time I made it, I made it as a bundt. The batter was a little too much for my bundt pan, so I had to cut off the top as it cooked, but I used that to make cake balls with a cinnamon frosting. Also amazing!I also added a cinnamon glaze to the loaves and the bundt. It was the perfect addition to the taste and texture. I love this recipe and make it all the time. However, it always sinks in the middle and that part is not done. Can anyone tell me what I'm doing wrong? Easy to follow recipe.  However, you say to bake it an hour and that’s too long.  Mine came out dry.  Also, I Expected more of a gingerbread flavor and that was lacking.  Might be tastier with frosting. No changes. Always a crowd pleaser!
