Homemade Sauerkraut
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/238368/homemade-sauerkraut/
Combine water, 1/2 cup vinegar, and onion in a pot over high heat. Add cabbage, salt, celery seed, onion powder, garlic powder, and pepper, then pour remaining 1/2 cup vinegar over top. Cover and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 3 minutes. Uncover and stir cabbage. Cover again and cook, stirring occasionally, until cabbage is tender and wilted, 10 to 15 minutes more.
This was awesome for quick and easy, last minute sauerkraut! Used Nappa cabbage as I had a bumper crop.  Added 1/4 cup cider vinegar, 1/2 tsp dill seed.  Cooked to just al dente. Packed hot in canning jar with brine.  Lid sealed.  Back of fridge for a few months.Later:Tasted after 2 weeks in fridge.  Very good.  Next time will increase the vinegar to water ratio for more of a bite.  The texture of the nappa was crisp and refreshing. I was wondering where the fermenting part of the recipe is included. This is cooked cabbage. Is that technically sauerkraut? I added caraway seed, instead of celery seed. Let sit in the refrigerator for 5 days. Put over cut and peeled potatoes,  and a smoked pork butt in a roasting pan and cooked for a few hours.  Juices from the sauerkraut got into the potatoes and meat! Amazing!! Made like recipe said I have been making fermented Kraut. Not the same but so much like canned. Great for fast and easy Kraut. Can't wait to try different variations. of this. Quick and easy after school meal,especially with basketball games. Very Good.  I have adapted in a small way... 1/2 cup Apple Cider-- 1cup White Vinegar, an extra pinch of salt, and extra grind of Pepper...the celery seed is good...( a touch of Minced Garlic, too)  but what I learned was... my pantry was much too cool... great for my Pantry, but, not great for Fermenting... find a linen closet if necessary for 2 weeks... next batch begins tomorrow.  I go through a quart in 2 days.  Love it.  I have also added, chopped Carrots, Califlower... but, honestly, I love this--- so easy and delicious.
