Chicken Paprikash II
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/23849/chicken-paprikash-ii/
Heat bacon grease in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onion, garlic, salt, red pepper flakes and paprika. Stir together and saute until onion is translucent. Add chicken pieces and pour water over all. Cook over medium heat for 1 hour, adding more water if necessary. Stir in tomatoes, reserving liquid. Stir liquid into a medium bowl with flour and sour cream; mix until well blended, then slowly add mixture to chicken, stirring constantly. Cook until mixture is thick.
Just some slight modifications to a dish I've made about 100 times (my family is Hungarian). I use probably 3x the paprika (no idea how much, I just keep dumping - it's nearly impossible to use too much) - make sure it's good Hungarian paprika (Szeged is common on most grocery shelves). Instead of pepper flakes, I add some hot paprika (again, Szeged) but you can add too much hot so use sparingly. I sear the chicken on both sides before adding chicken broth (vs water.) I also add some red bell pepper to the onion in the beginning and add the paprika part way through the sauteeing because this helps bring out the paprika flavor as well. I don't use garlic or bacon grease - just olive oil. Someone else posted their recipe for spaetzle and said to cook for 20 minutes. This will turn the spaetzle to mush. Spaetzle should be taken out of the simmering water with a slotted spoon once it rises to the surface as spaetzle/dumplings need to have some firmness to them. I left out the dairy and subbed oat milk.  Still wonderful! Good recipe. Made it as written but used a mix of hot and mild paprika. First, I halved the recipe as it’s just the two of us.Next, rather than bacon grease, I used one slice of thick cut bacon. I heeded a previous review and used some sweet yellow, orange, and red peppers. I also added some mushrooms and a substituted broth for the water.Excellent recipe, very easy and quite flavorful. It is amazing.  Next time I'll add more tomatoes tho. Did mostly as the recipe suggested, but added some savory, thyme, and lightly toasted caraway seeds.  Used a little tomato paste as well, but ended up adding more sour cream to balance out the acidity.  Very tasty. Butter instead of bacon grease. Cooked 6 small thighs and it was perfect. Huge hit over mashed potatoes  with veggies on the side. Even the 5yo ate his portion! Hadn't had this dish in a long time and have never made it myself.   Only change was that I used chicken stock instead of water.   Flavor was perfect. Very good Great flavor! I did brown the chicken in olive oil first, and I doubled the amount of paprika, per another reviewers suggestion
