Dad's Creamy Cucumber Salad
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/238423/dads-creamy-cucumber-salad/
Mix cucumbers, onion, and salt together in a bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and let sit for 15 to 30 minutes. Turn cucumber mixture into a colander set over a bowl or in a sink. Let drain, stirring occasionally, until most of the liquid and salt has drained, 15 to 30 minutes. Transfer drained cucumber mixture to a large bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Whisk mayonnaise, vinegar, sugar, dill, garlic powder, and pepper for dressing together in a bowl until smooth. Pour over cucumber mixture and stir until coated. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour over cucumber mixture and stir until coated. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 to 2 hours before serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio Enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
I'm the person who submitted this recipe and I appreciate all the feedback, both positive and negative. I use the largest cukes I can find and use the full tablespoon of sea salt because "water follows salt" (think "Osmosis"). Adding salt to cukes, zucchini, etc. will help dry them out. You most certainly can decrease the amount to suit your taste but as the majority of reviewers mentioned: you MUST drain the cukes thoroughly or you'll end up with a runny mess. I like the idea of using a salad spinner (an item I don't have) but I have to rely on time and patience when I make this (or squeezing by hand if I'm in a hurry and they're still too wet after 30 minutes). I'm glad that most of you have enjoyed this recipe, and I also enjoyed seeing some of the twists on it. I switched to Miracle Whip, instead of Mayo, and left out the sugar and vinegar. Made with monk fruit for fewer carbs and it’s delicious!! Fresh dill adds more flavor. What kind of vinegar ?? Love this recipe, reminds me of grandma's but with less calories.  Thank you for sharing This is a pretty good thing to do with garden cucumbers.  I used three large cucumbers instead of two.  My family thought there was too much onion, so I'll probably cut that amount in half the next time I make this.  Also, I reduced the mayo to just 1 cup, and it was still way too much.  I'll try 1/2 cup next time. Made this for a summer BBQ with friends and family, and there was none leftover. Only change I would have made was add another cucumber maybe, but otherwise, the recipe was perfect.
