Homemade Arepas
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/238510/homemade-arepas/
Stir water and salt together in a medium bowl; gradually stir in cornmeal with your fingers until the mixture forms a soft, moist, malleable dough. otdash Meredith Food Studio Form dough into eight 2-inch diameter balls; pat each ball to flatten into a 3/8-inch-thick arepa patty. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat; fry arepas in batches until golden brown, about 4 to 5 minutes per side. Transfer cooked arepas to a paper towel-lined plate to drain until cool enough to handle. otdash Meredith Food Studio Slice halfway through each arepa horizontally with a thin serrated knife to form a pita-like pocket. otdash Meredith Food Studio Enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
my mom is from Venezuela so I'm familiar with arepas and these reminded me of the ones my mom used to make These are good and so easy to make. Mine came out  a little thinner, but I was still able to split and stuff with cheese and spinach. Was a good tasty treat. Will make these again. I Believe It's Better Than What I Did My 1st Time. Totally Did It Backwards. Instead of Adding The Flour To The Water A Little At A Time And Stirring It To Combine I Poured Water 1/4 CUPS At A Time On Top And It Lumped Up. It Flattened When I Used A Spatula To Stir All The Water In And Pressed It. There Was Flour Unmixed In At The Bottom of The Container I Used To Mix. I Managed Since It Was My 1st Time Wanting To Try It. This Is An Example of What NOT To Do!It Did Not Firm or Form When I Tried To Form Patties. I Wanted To Use A Spatula Instead Not Wanting To Get My Hands Messy. It Was Wet And Didn't Do Well Lifting With It. Fell A Part. Broke. Did My Best To Transfer It To My Pot With Around 1/2-1 TSP Vegetable Oil At The Bottom. I Cooked The Patties And Flipped Them Continuously Until They Were Golden And Darker Brown Spotted. The Taste Is Interesting. Slightly Grainy. Crispy on the Outside And Soft In The Middle. I Wondered If It Was Cooked Thoroughly-It Had To Be After 5 Minutes. It Reminded Me of Fritos Lays Somewhat. Corn Chips. Obviously White Corn Flour! Masarepa Is Different Than What I'm Used To. I Grew Up Eating White or Yellow Grits And Cream of Wheat. I Ate 3-4 so It Had A Positive Affect lol! I Opened A Can of MUIR GLEN Organic Tomato Sauce To Try And Poured Some on The Side To Dip It In. Very Tasty! Only previsions I made was a little more salt...  the finishing them off in the oven idea is perfect.  Crispy golden brown on the outside and soft on the inside...   Don't overcook. Saw a guy living vanlife on YouTube make these and decided to try. Before i make something new i read remarks. 1 guy said to read er Guille comments. He starts off saying he is Venezuelan & can make blindfolded with 1 hand tied behind back....I'm like, "Yea i want him making my Arepas"So follow er Guille instructions to a T and you will end up with perfect Arepas. So delish! So easy to make and truly elevates a traditional taco night. The dough was almost impossible to mess up and we bought pre-marinated pork adobada to put inside. Scroll through the comments and follow Er Guille's suggestions. Mine came out great when I used those tips. Love Love Love it!!! you left out some important steps!  Let the dough rest for 10 minutes and definitely finish them in a 350 oven for 15 min.  Let them cool for 5 min before you try to slice them, they are still cooking.  Also, taste the dough and if it is too bland, add a little more salt.  After adding these steps, they were awesome!  Also, you can use yellow masa flour if you like.
