German Leek and Potato Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/23855/german-leek-and-potato-soup/
In a large pot over medium heat, cook onions in butter until translucent. Stir in leeks, potatoes, water, thyme and the ham bone. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat, cover and simmer until potatoes are tender, 20 to 30 minutes. Remove ham bone and puree soup with a blender or food processor. Return to pot, stir in cream, salt and pepper, heat through and serve.
Incredibly delicious.. I am in Germany where leeks are plentiful and cheap.. I tried this kind of soup at a german restaurant and wanted to duplicate the recipe and this one is very close. @SHENDOAH Step 2, is written as follows; remove the ham and then puree. Ham bone was used for flavoring not to be mixed in.This soup tastes great, there is nothing wrong with it!!! This was delicious! I didn't have any leeks. I added chopped ham after puréeing and used half and half instead of heavy cream. I added some corn starch to thicken it up. My family loved it! Thanks for sharing. It is just missing celery root a necessary ingredient for true German potato soup It was a big hit with my wife and mother-in-law, for whom I do most of the cooking.  I had a ham bone from Thanksgiving and a couple leeks from a recipe I made a week ago, so I wanted to try this recipe.  Unfortunately, my ham bone was not usable, so I had to substitute a package of cubed ham, but it turned out great.  After the puree step, I almost didn't add the heavy cream because the soup was already so creamy.  I did add a half cup of cream instead of a full cup. Good recipe. I used 4 cups chicken stock and dried Thyme. Used leftover ham and a bay leaf. After I used the immersion blender and adjusted the salt and pepper, it was good enough without the cream according to my daught3, who is on the Noom diet. As written, you puree the ham along with the potatoes and leeks.  This turned the soup a hideous pink color. Those who closed their eyes and tried it anyway found it fairly bland and not enough to get past the pink.  The instructions just can't be correct.  We'll try making just potato leek soup and add ham chunks at the end. Great taste and consistency.  A hit with the whole family. Real soup!  No chemical flavor or flour needed.  More recipes like this would be great. It was amazing but with my own tweaks. I did not peel potatoes. Instead of puree the potatoes I added instant potatoes to desired thickness. Also used veggie broth for water instead and added minced garlic with the onions.
