Simple Macaroni and Cheese
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/238691/simple-macaroni-and-cheese/
Gather the ingredients. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook elbow macaroni in the boiling water, stirring occasionally until cooked through but firm to the bite, 8 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio At the same time, melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add flour, salt, and pepper and stir until smooth, about 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour in milk slowly, while stirring continuously. Continue to cook and stir until mixture is smooth and bubbling, about 5 minutes, making sure the milk doesn't burn. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add Cheddar cheese and stir until melted, 2 to 4 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Drain macaroni and fold into cheese sauce until coated. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
Made it almost exactly like the recipe stated, super easy on the first try. All I added was a dash of paprika and a little extra salt. One note, the amount of milk you add will heavily depend on where you live, altitude, and humidity. I live in a dry, high altitude location so even though I halved the recipe, I used over a cup of milk to get the right consistency. The people that complain of a thin sauce either live at very low altitude or their roue wasn't cooked enough when they started adding the milk and cheese. Also, grainy mac and cheese is the result of adding the cheese too quickly. To ensure a smooth texture, add it slowly and melt completely before adding more, which the recipe didn't explain. If it's too thick, add more milk, and if you think it tastes like flour, you didn't cook the flour and butter for long enough, leaving it mostly raw. To remedy that you can carefully cook it for longer or start over. Followed all the directions on how to make it. Things I changed were - doubled the noodles, added 1/8 tsp dried chili, 2 tsp dry mustard, 3 chopped garlic cloves, ¼ cup chopped jalapeños. (I like spice :)) also doubled the cheddar, saved one cup for on top, then added panko and a bit of Parmesan and baked it for 30 minutes at 350. Yum! This is my go-to macaroni and cheese recipe.I like to put it in a casserole dish, top with some grated Parmesan, and put it in the oven at 350 for 30 mins. It comes out perfect every time. I added garlic powder, onion powder, salt, pepper and a bit of truffle oil!!! I used sharp cheddar, mild cheddar and a fiesta blend. This was a great base recipe that you can easily customize with different additions. Omg this was so easy and tasty! I just threw out my old Mac and cheese recipe! I did add 1/2 cup more cheese and substituted 1 cup whipping cream for 1 cup milk and added garlic powder. Topped with buttered bread crumbs (crushed in zip lock) and under the broiler for 30 sec. AMAZING! This was tasty! I changed it a little. I put the finished mac and cheese in an 8x8 baking dish and topped it with French's Crispy Fried Onions. Baked it at 350 deg for 10 minutes. I served it with sauteed red bell pepper, onion and green peas. For my carnivore husband I grilled a white tail (venison) steak. This recipe is a keeper. Turned out great! I also added breadcrumbs and baked it. My hubby pretty much ate at least half of it :) Will definitely make it again! I added in garlic, ginger and Italian seasoning before adding in the cheese and loved that the sauce was nice and thick! Very good for being so simple. No buying special cheeses or anything, I had everything on hand. I used 2 cups of macaroni and 3 cups freshly shredded cheddar and there was plenty of sauce. I also added 2 cans of tuna and a package of peas and we just had it for dinner. Macaroni cheese tuna fish and peas is a favorite lazy dinner, lol. This was an awesome super easy recipe! I did use evaporated milk instead of flour and regular milk as suggested by another reviewer. It was delish! I also threw it in the oven for 20 mins. Loved it! This is a great recipe! I used a mix of Havarti, Monterey Jack and Jalapeño Cheddar cheeses. I added cubes of leftover Easter ham, then baked it for 20 minutes at 325 with crushed Ritz crackers on top. Everyone really enjoyed it! I changed this recipe a little--used 12oz can of evaporated milk and a cheddar cheese-pepperjack cheese mixture. I then placed it in a 9x9" greased cake pan, added a smattering of Italian bread crumbs and baked for 15 minutes at 350 degrees. As fast as promised.  I used  Organic No Salt Seasoning + 1/2 tsp salt and it was great.  Also had medium shells on hand instead of elbows.  Cooked the shells for 4 mins @ high pressure in the Instant Pot while making the white/cheese sauce.  This is a great recipe and I will make it often.  Not much muss or fuss and hit the comfort food spot.  YUM! This was a really easy recipe to follow and took such little time ! Great taste (maybe cheese sauce could have more seasoning for extra flavour - i’ve heard mustard is good?) but overall a really nice and easy cook. I love that you start with the basic recipe and build from there. It's a recipe that only requires a little imagination and creative taste buds. This is a really good and easy recipe.  It maybe could use a little extra salt but that's all I would change. I used sharp cheddar since the recipe didn't specify which type. I made it a second time and added chicken and it was great that way as well. very very well explained thanks for taking your time  to explain
