Mom's Chicken and Dumplings (Slow Cooker Version)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/238893/moms-chicken-and-dumplings-slow-cooker-version/
Stir chicken broth, chicken, potatoes, carrots, and broccoli together in a slow cooker. Whisk water and quick-mixing flour together in a bowl until a paste-like consistency is reached; stir into slow cooker mixture. Season with salt and pepper. Cook on Low for 5 hours. Stir baking mix and milk together in a bowl. Drop milk mixture by the teaspoonful into the slow cooker on top of the chicken mixture. Continue cooking, turning the dumplings once, until dumplings are cooked through, about 1 hour more.
This was very good. I did add some addition seasoning and used about 4 tbls more wondra to thicken more. I also used frozen chicken breast and shred it before adding the dumplings. Great recipe thank you. Terrible. Potatoes snd carrots not cooked in 6 hours.  Soup-like not creamy. Yummy!  Cut up raw chicken breast and cooked with the potatoes & veggies instead of using canned chicken.  Did add seasonings because we like seasonings.  Mashed up some of the potatoes to use as an extra thickener and it was perfect.  Don’t worry about measuring, just toss it in. We loved it!I added some of shredded cheese & more onions. The dumplings did not work remotely. But what really made this inedible was the broccoli. The taste was terrible.  If I were ever going to try this again, I would leave the broccoli out for sure (maybe substitute celery and or more carrots. And then I would look for a separate recipe for crock pot dumplings to cross reference. It tasted terrific... until we added the dumplings. Followed the instructions exactly yet they were a mess. Didn't cook, couldn't turn them over. Ruined the entire batch. What is the correct way to add dumplings? Cooked it on low and the veggies weren't even remotely done. tastes ok but the dumplings did not cook. raw in middle and soggy and fell apart. used bisquick as instructed. not impressed at all. I followed most of the directions to a T however I did end up adding more quick mixing flour to make it thicker because it wasn't turning into a paste as well as adding garlic to the mix an some Italian seasoning mix... Overall it was a major hit in my home Recipe was average. Not much flavor and the base seemed too watery even after adding a decent amount of flour.
