Large Soft Pretzels (Quick)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/238864/large-soft-pretzels-quick/
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Mix water and sugar together in a bowl until sugar is dissolved; add yeast. Let mixture stand until yeast softens and begins to form a creamy foam, about 5 minutes. Whisk flour, butter, and salt together in a bowl until well mixed; add yeast mixture and stir with a fork until dough starts to cling. Turn dough onto a floured work surface and knead until smooth. Cut dough into 15 equal pieces and roll each piece between your hands into rope shapes at least the thickness of a pencil. Twist dough into desired shapes and arrange on a baking sheet; brush with egg and sprinkle coarse salt over each. Bake in the preheated oven until pretzels are browned and cooked through, 8 to 12 minutes.
For those saying there isn't that pretzel taste, boil 4c water, add .25c baking soda and dip the pretzels before salting and baking. Without boiling soda ash water dip, they don't have the pretzel taste.  The caustic wash creates the pretzel taste.  Just let your dough rest/rise while the water is getting to a boil.  You don't need the egg wash as you salt them wet from the boiling soda ash bath. Absolutely delicious This was super easy and delicious, but mine did not brown. I mad 8 big ones and they were perfect! Very yummy! I even put cinnamon and sugar on some instead of salt, they were delicious! Very delicious! So easy to make, my kids loved helping me make these. Definitely doing again. Thank you! Everything! I’ve made this recipe 4 times! 6 kids! Everyone loves them!! Very good. Kneaded in mixer for several minutes with dough hook. Rolled out to width of a magic marker. Brushed with egg and used plenty of salt. Baked for 11 minutes.  The ones we dipped in boiling soda water seemed soggy. I don’t think you need that step in the comments. I loved the recipe! Tastes just like the pretzels from the mall! I accidentally made only 5 and they came out perfect! I will totally use this again. It's really good, but you definitely need a dipping sauce, because the pretzels themselves just kinda taste like yeast.
