Grilled Cheese Sandwich
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/23891/grilled-cheese-sandwich/
Preheat a nonstick skillet over medium heat. Generously butter one side of a slice of bread. Place bread butter-side down in the hot skillet; add 1 slice of cheese. Butter a second slice of bread on one side and place butter-side up on top of cheese. Cook until lightly browned on one side; flip over and continue cooking until cheese is melted. Repeat with remaining 2 slices of bread, butter, and slice of cheese.
I came across this recipe and I just had to comment. There is an art to making a grilled cheese sandwich. It has to be cooked on low heat in order to evenly toast the bread as well as melt the cheese inside. My husband, bless his heart, cooks EVERYTHING on high heat so that he can finish faster. His sandwiches tend to be burned on the outside while the cheese inside is not completely melted. With that said, I make mine with whole wheat bread and sharp cheddar cheese, served with tomato soup and a sweet pickle. This is one of my favorite lunch or dinner meals. I truly enjoy this site and the reviews and tips, which are mostly well thought out and constructive. Thank you for submitting this recipe. Delicious and simple! And if you're a cheese lover, like my kids are, you'll love this simple addition: after removing the grilled cheese from the pan, spray a quick spray of non-stick cooking oil to the pan, or a small in slice of butter, then add some shredded cheese. Once you see it starting to melt, set the grilled cheese right on top, and press slightly with a spatula for about 10 seconds, or until the cheese starts to crisp up on the bread... Then you just serve it, melted cheese side up.  :) I butter the bread and put the buttered sides together.Then I put the ingredients on the top slice.I slice my own cheese off a block of taste cheese.Add things like Spam...onion...tomato...brazed steak and onions or what ever our fancy takes us.Only cheese for a quick feed.Then I put the top slice with the filling into the pan.Put the other slice on top and push down with warm spatula (metal one).Cooking time varies due to how thick it is.Slower heat so as to heat all the way thru and not overly burn.Then turn up the heat at the end to get a crispy finish. TOAST THE BREAD FIRST!!!You can thank me later. Can’t go wrong with a grilled cheese sandwich. I cook mine in a sandwich press so I don’t need to worry about flipping. A classic but a goody. do NOT use butter!Use mayonnaise!!It does NOT burnTastes a little saltyGreat flavor & crunchTrust me. Always a favorite, however...I make some changes that my 97 year old Nana loves. American cheese, stone ground mustard, thin sliced tomato, and grill with mayo, in place of butter. It toasts beautifully. Never a bite left, including the crusts! Very easy and simple. User a lower and slower heat so you don't burn it.
