Kraut Bierocks
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/23893/kraut-bierocks/
To Make Sweet Dough: In a medium bowl combine the yeast, sugar and water and mix together; let stand 10 minutes. Stir in flour, dry milk, baking powder and shortening, then knead mixture for 10 minutes, adding as little flour as necessary. Cover bowl with a damp cloth and let rise in a warm place for 30 minutes, then knead again. To Make Filling: Meanwhile, brown beef, sausage and onion in a large skillet over medium high heat. Drain extra fat from skillet, then stir in cabbage, mustard, salt and pepper and cook for 5 minutes. Add cheese and cook, stirring, until cheese is melted. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Flatten a piece of dough. Place large spoonful of meat filling onto dough and fold over to form a round bun. Lay folded-side-down in a lightly greased 9x13 inch baking dish. Repeat with remaining dough and filling. Bake in preheated oven for 20 minutes, or until golden brown.
Oh, my goodness. My girlfriend and I have been making these for over 34 years together in batches of 100-120 at a time. They freeze great. Just BEWARE: Everyone wants the recipe and they will steal them if the get the chance. Thanks, Kim, first time I've "seen" the recipe. We made ours off scribbled notes of a German grandmother. Easier way to do the dough is to use a bread machine recipe for dinner rolls. I love the bread. I have made bread before so knew you have to kneed this when its ready sticky. Just keep adding very little flour and kneed, it takes the full 10 min. Be patient and have happy thoughts.But to sweet for a meat filling.Want to make again with a fruit filling.Or cut the sugar back at least  1/2 for a meat filling. Can’t make these fast enough! I don’t usually have powdered milk on hand so I just use warm milk in place of the warm water. Turns out great either way! 2 cups of  water and only 4 cups of flour?  Plus 1/2 cup shortening?  I think not.  I am already up to 6 cups....and is still not in a ball.  Something is up..... This is a most delicious recipe once you fix the dough. I am sure it has already been pointed out that you must add more flour than 4 cups. I would do a minimum of 4 1/2 cups with a well dusted surface to knead on. I am not sure why the recipe has not been fixed, but if you start kneading this dough after using 4 cups of flour, you'll have a soupy mess. I really enjoyed this recipe. It was my fist foray into making a dough that required a lot of kneading and I was afraid I’d screw it up. Speaking of which, that’s my one gripe with this recipe. I had to add tons of extra four beyond what it calls for. I sure appreciate those who prepared me for this eventuality. I grew up with these called gropulas, my friend in Missouri calls them Runzas. I added more cabbage used green onions and an egg wash. They came out better than I remembered. Followed recipe exactly and they were FABULOUS!! Geez, the filling alone can be eaten by the bowl-full, its THAT good! Initially, these were made for a road trip because we're kind of over fast food and restaurant food and wanted to try something besides the ham and cheese sandwiches. These did NOT disappoint, even at room temperature.  We had plenty of additional bierocks that were truly enjoyed the remainder of the week. 1 and 1/3 kg of flour.1 cube of fresh yeast2 cups of whole milk, no water.Double sugar and shorteningBeat 1egg + 1 teaspoon of oil and paint them before oven.16 large buns
