Ashley's Apple Cider Doughnuts
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/239019/ashleys-apple-cider-doughnuts/
Boil 1 cup apple cider in a small pot until reduced to 1/4 cup, about 10 minutes. Remove pot from heat and cool to room temperature. Beat white sugar and butter together with an electric mixer until creamy and smooth; add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well before each addition. Mix buttermilk and reduced apple cider into creamed butter mixture. Whisk flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, salt, and nutmeg together in a bowl. Slowly stir flour mixture into creamed butter mixture just until dough is combined. Turn dough onto a lightly floured piece of parchment paper. Sprinkle dough with flour and roll to 1/2-inch thickness, adding more flour if dough is sticky. Cut dough into doughnuts using a 3-inch-wide doughnut cutter and arrange on a baking sheet; refrigerate until chilled, 20 to 30 minutes. Heat at least 3 inches of oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Whisk confectioners' sugar and 2 tablespoons apple cider together in a bowl until glaze is smooth. Fry doughnuts in the hot oil, 2 to 3 at a time, until golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes per side; remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Pour glaze over warm doughnuts.
I have made these several times and the one thing I did change was I used 1/2 cup of home made chunky applesauce instead of the apple cider. It totally makes them amazing, you do end up using about a cup more flour, but they were so good everyone keeps asking me to make more, more and more!!! I also instead of glazing them when still slightly warm shake them in a bag of regular white sugar and lot's of cinnamon. My husbands first comment was These are better than my Mom's !! Since we are all Vermonters and cider is one of our greatest joys as well as fall apples. These I would recommend to anyone whom love apples and donuts because you will be in Heaven once you have had these. Thanks , Angie From the middle of Vermont Great recipe for cake cider donuts. I didn't glaze them, just coated in cinnamon sugar while still warm because that's how the  farm stand near my house does it. I'm not very skilled at frying, but I was able to make this recipe without any difficulty. Make sure you reduce the cider to 1/4 cup (measure it!) and use real apple cider (not juice or cider from concentrate) for best flavor. Never made donuts before but this was a great cake donut recipe.  The leftovers were even delicious 2 days later!!  5yr old and hubby said I should make donuts every weekend now! I have made these several times and the one thing I did change was I used 1/2 cup of home made chunky applesauce instead of the apple cider. It totally makes them amazing, you do end up using about a cup more flour, but they were so good everyone keeps asking me to make more, more  and more!!! I also instead of glazing them when still slightly warm shake them in a bag of regular white sugar and lot's of cinnamon. My husbands first comment was These are better than my Mom's !! Since we are all Vermonters and cider is one of our greatest joys as well as fall apples. These I would recommend to anyone whom love apples and donuts because you will be in Heaven once you have had these. Thanks , Angie From the middle of Vermont I followed the recipe as written  and while it was easy to prepare the recipe really lacked overall flavor and  didn't taste anything like apples or apple cider, they were overall flavorless.
