Slow Cooker Pork, Sauerkraut, and Beer
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/239179/slow-cooker-pork-sauerkraut-and-beer/
Prepare the crock of a five-quart slow cooker with cooking spray. Season roast with salt and pepper; lay in the prepared slow cooker crock. Spread sauerkraut over and around the roast. Pour beer over the sauerkraut. Sprinkle brown sugar evenly over the sauerkraut; top with onion and dot with butter. Season everything with salt and pepper. Cook on Low for 8 hours.
I also add one or two tart sliced apples. We're not big sauerkraut fans, but decided to give this recipe a try. For me, the pork lacked flavor so I wish I had read some of the suggestions that were made in other reviews before attempting. If I made it again, I would sear the roast on each side to add flavor before placing it in the pot. I would also increase the amount of brown sugar to cut a little more of the sourness I tasted in the pork - adding apples, as others have done, sounds like a great idea, too. I have an affinity for German recipes and slow cooker dinners on the weekends. My modifications to the recipe were to season the pork loin with salt and pepper and then I seared it on all sides for a minute or two over medium high heat. After searing the meat, I placed it in the crock pot.For the beer, there's no other option but a German beer for a German recipe! I used Weihenstephaner hefe weissbeer - it is a light wheat beer. I would stay away from any stout beer. Lager beer might be okay, like Beck's.I added half a white onion, 3 stalks of celery and red fingerling potatoes.For added flavor I added 3 whole cloves and 2 bay leafs. Cooked on low for 6 hours.I served rotkohl on the side. My husband and I liked this recipe.  I made it according to the directions except I added a cut up green apple like somebody suggested.   I also browned it first.  I cooked it on low.  It was done after 4 hours. Made this for New Year’s Day and family loved it Very easy recipe, i would ha e liked more flavor and I would definitely add so other seasoning to it If you like sauerkraut, this is a great dish. The pork was very tender and the juice on the bottom of the crockpot  was tasty.   I added some chopped apples as suggested by another reviewer.    This is a keeper! Made with 1/2 bottle Angry Orchard hard cider and put the other half to good use washing it down later :-)Started later in the day, cooked on low for 4 hours, and on high for the final hour. Perfect. Excellent! This was a very good recipe! Very tasty and tender!
