Three-Ingredient Baked Chicken Breasts
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/239137/three-ingredient-baked-chicken-breasts/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly butter a baking dish. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir together melted butter and salt in a bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Arrange chicken in the prepared baking dish. Brush butter mixture onto chicken until thoroughly coated, pouring any extra over chicken. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until no longer pink in the center and juices run clear, 30 to 45 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
Since I was roasting this with asparagus I increased the temperature to 400 degrees and baked for 25 minutes. Moist and fork tender. Also, since I was making this as the entrée rather than as simply cooking it for another purpose, I added dill, garlic salt, and paprika for rich color. Easiest, quickest dinner I’ve made in awhile. Good too. PLEASE use unsalted butter for this recipe! Each TEASPOON of salt is 5 mg. of sodium! So if you’re using salted butter? You don’t need to add more salt.OR, if you still want to add salt, try some sea salt, which will add trace minerals to your diet. I have chicken everyday. There are many ways to enjoy chicken; I have found, though, this recipe makes the juiciest and tenderest chicken. I don't use salt (personal preference) but instead use different spices. Thank you, Jennifer Jones, for a perfect recipe! Easy!I added a few shakes of parsley and chili powder for visuals. Made as is great for chicken needed for tacos burritos,etc Also cooked it as main dish chicken meal, I added Italian seasoning, garlic& onion powders, fresh black pepper (no salt on low salt diet) on higher oven 425 for 30 min.and served with cooked green beans. Quick, easy, loved by my family! It not tasty I cannot eat it It looks good.  Also looks like it could be cooked in an air fryer.  If so, what temp and gor how long? I altered the seasonings a bit by adding dill, minced onion, garlic and cilantro. I dredged then drizzled melted butter and topped with more seasonings. I also used Ritz crackers, both regular and everything flavored. Baked at 400 degrees for 30 minutes roughly. So tasty!!! Need to pin this, but don't see the option. Added bowtie Alfredo pasta a steamed broccoli with I can't believe its not butter spary. Delish!!! Quick and easy.  I added garlic powder and Italian seasoning.  Butter makes this dish, though.
