Greek-Style Lemon Roasted Potatoes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/239180/greek-style-lemon-roasted-potatoes/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Put potato wedges in a large bowl. Drizzle with olive oil and lemon juice and toss to coat. Season with salt, oregano, and black pepper; toss again to coat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Spread potato wedges in a single layer in a 2-inch-deep pan. Pour chicken broth over potatoes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Roast potatoes in the preheated oven until tender and golden brown, about 1 hour. otdash Meredith Food Studio Enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
The fresh lemon juice really shines in this recipe. Followed the instructions to the letter, and I wouldn't change a thing. Thanks, koko, for a new potato dish. We’ve used this recipe over a dozen times and we always receive a lot of compliments…yummy!! Easy to make. We had friends over who liked it. Loved them This makes a great side dish, especially with a single, simple substitution.  Instead of using salt, oregano and black pepper, I applied 4 teaspoons of Bob's Potato Magic, found on the Niblackfoods website. It is my go to seasoning blend whenever roasting potatoes, yielding wonderful savory results. These are so delicious,I made them a few days ago and they were fresh tasting and lemony which went well with homemade burgers...they taste better when they're warm because they don't lose their crispy texture...definitely a keeper...lovely with a cheesy dip or sour cream with lemon dip .. We thought it was missing something and we didn't know what. I ended up with a lot of broth still and the potatoes were mushy on the bottom. There are other Greek-style lemon roasted potato recipes on this site, here's one that does not require the use of broth.https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/151802/lauras-lemon-roasted-potatoes/It has a higher rating overall as well. I don't know if the addition of broth is a requirement to make it 'Greek-style', but if it is, perhaps using half or even a quarter of the recommended amount of broth is used, it won't end in disaster. This was wonderful!   Next time I will use a little less broth and top with feta - yummy!!!
