Chef John's Coq au Vin
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/239230/chef-johns-coq-au-vin/
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Season chicken thighs all over with salt and black pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Sauté bacon in a large, oven-proof skillet over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Transfer bacon with a slotted spoon to a paper towel-lined plate, leaving drippings in the skillet. otdash Meredith Food Studio Increase the heat to high and place chicken thighs, skin-side down, into the skillet. Cook until browned, 2 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer chicken to a plate; drain and discard all but 1 tablespoon drippings from the skillet. otdash Meredith Food Studio Lower the heat to medium-high; sauté mushrooms, onion, and shallots with a pinch of salt in the hot skillet until golden and caramelized, 7 to 12 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir flour and butter into vegetable mixture until completely incorporated, about 1 minute. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour red wine into the skillet and bring to a boil while scraping browned bits of food off of the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Stir bacon and thyme into red wine mixture; simmer until wine is about 1/3 reduced, 3 to 5 minutes. Pour chicken broth into wine mixture and return chicken thighs to the skillet; bring to a simmer. otdash Meredith Food Studio Transfer the skillet to the preheated oven and cook for 30 minutes. Spoon pan juices over the chicken and continue cooking until no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear, about 30 minutes more. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh, near the bone should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Transfer chicken to a platter. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place skillet over high heat and reduce pan juices, skimming fat off the top as necessary, until sauce thickens slightly, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper; remove and discard thyme. Pour sauce over chicken to serve.
I wish I had leftovers. This was sooooo good!! The sauce was incredible. The chicken was melt in your mouth. It was just a party going on in your mouth all the way around. So easy but so fancy. Chef John you are my hero, you make me look good! I made EXACTLY as written. I have wine left and I'd rather make this again than drink it...that says a lot. You have to serve it with mashed potatoes. I think it is against the law not to. .y Coq au vin is totally different and much tastier Absolutely delish! I did not make any changes and the dinner was absolutely delicious. I've made this a couple of times.  It always comes out great!  I love that the first thing you do to make this French recipe is to FRY BACON!  I'll be making this for some time to come! Fabulous flavors, but you definitely need a side dish for the amount of food Explosion of flavors! One of the best chicken classics. And the ingredients are so simple and easy to find! Not bad, but a lot of trouble for a relatively bland dish…
