Almond and Pear Cake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/239286/almond-and-pear-cake/
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Butter a small tart pan or a 9-inch cake pan. Mix pear slices and amaretto liqueur together in a bowl. Process almonds and 2 tablespoons sugar together in a food processor until the mixture is a fine almond meal. Beat 1/4 cup sugar and butter together in a bowl using an electric mixer until light and fluffy; add eggs and vanilla extract and beat until well combined. Mix almond meal mixture, flour, and salt into creamed butter mixture to make a smooth batter. Drain pears, reserving the amaretto liqueur. Stir drained liqueur into batter just until incorporated. Pour batter into the prepared pan, smoothing batter if uneven. Arrange pear slices in a decorative pattern atop batter. Bake in the preheated oven until cake is starting to pull away from the edges, about 25 minutes. Allow cake to cool in pan for at least 15 minutes before serving.
Simple, sweet and delicious cake. I made this in a gluten free version (subbing 1/3 cup of all purpose GF flour and 1 Tbsp sweet rice flour for the wheat flour). Didn't have any amaretto so I used 2 Tbsp of Vin Santo and a few drops of bitter almond extract. It has a delicate texture and sweet taste. I baked it in a 9-inch porcelain tart dish and it was baked throughout in 23 minutes. The lack of baking powder doesn't make it heavy by any means. This recipe renders a light and delicate cake perfect for a mid-afternoon snack with light tea. Thank you for sharing. Totally amazing. Such a pleasant dessert cake served with whipped cream or ice cream. A Fall favourite for us. I double the recipe for more of a cake than a tart. I made 2 and they disappeared very quickly and was requested to make again .... Simple to make and delicious. This cake is delicious. Absolutely delicious! I followed the recipe, except I used Disaronno. So good.  I even blanched the almonds. There is no recipe that is too much work. Especially this one. Go for it all you homecooks! I used Frangelica in place of Amaretto, and coconut sugar. Delicious!!! This is good but I think it will be better the second day. I will make this again and use a second pear. I also want to try this with other fruits.r So I was the dumb head that doubled the recipe and put it into a Springform Pan. And then...... baked it and baked it and sweated bullets and baked it. I THINK it was an hour total between the peaking, sweating, and praying to the kitchen gods. Moist, delicious ,rich, pleasantly textured cake that melts on your tongue. Only thing I did different was to use whole almonds and blanch them myself. Well that and the tempting of the ratio fates. Gorgeous recipe! Thank You eatcookdream and the kitchen gods!!!!! BAKING Time is too Long! Check at 15 amd 20 mins, burns easily. I didn't have amaretto but needed a quick elegant dessert so I used merlot wine. Worked nicely although a but pink! :) added almond slivers and half a diced pear to batter as well. Of you add, use parchment paper, fuit tends to stick on bottom. Tasty outcome even though almost burned. This was really good; great delicate almond and pear. flavors.  My pear was ripe, a little past firm, but worked out very well.  I did not have amaretto, so used anisette, which worked very well.  My husband would have actually liked a little stronger almond or pear flavor, and I wonder if a little almond extract or pear liqueur would work.  Or maybe two pears?
