Chocolate Chip and Pumpkin Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/239271/chocolate-chip-and-pumpkin-bread/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray two 9x5-inch loaf pans with cooking spray. Beat pumpkin puree, white sugar, brown sugar, eggs, vegetable oil, vanilla extract, and pumpkin pie spice together in a bowl; add flour and beat until batter forms. Fold chocolate chips into batter; divide between the 2 prepared loaf pans. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 1 hour. Cool bread in pans for 15 minutes before removing.
This was very well liked at a potluck today. The pumpkin gives it a nice color and it's a moist bread full of flavor. I was asked for the recipe 3 times, so it was def a hit. Why four stars instead of five? I thought there was too much chocolate, but I think I was in the minority on this opinion. Delicious! Made this last week and we all loved it. Making it today for the second time because my 4 year old keeps asking for it XD I cut the brown sugar and white sugar in half and it was very good! I made 4 loaves and they didn’t rise! What a waste of money! Never use self rising flour, always find a recipe that includes baking powder and soda It turned out delicious and moist. This is my 2nd year now making this & my family absolutely loves it!! I added 1 cup chopped walnuts because that's how we like our breads. very good and moist bread. I cut both sugars in half, and in the future I will have the number of chocolate chips it was little too much chocolate for me. But very delicious. I'm just not a big sweet eater. It very moist and and just easy to put together and cook. has a very good flavor. It was really tasty! It was great bread that reminded me of fall. I could only handle a couple of slices though, because it was so sugary. Would recommend. Awesome bread. Surprised my kids with it last night and they loved it. Got enough to make it again next weekend to share with neighbors and family. Love it! I made this bread and my family really liked it, so did I.
