Slow Cooker Creamy Chicken and Dumplings
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/239305/slow-cooker-creamy-chicken-and-dumplings/
Combine chicken, condensed soup, onion, butter, rosemary, and pepper in a slow cooker. Add enough vegetable broth to cover the ingredients completely. Cover and cook on High for 4 1/2 to 5 1/2 hours. Arrange torn biscuit dough on top of chicken mixture; continue cooking until dough is cooked through, about 30 minutes.
Fabulous! I added 2 stalks of celery, because I had them, some garlic powder, and used an entire can of chicken stock (what I had on hand). Everyone loved it and there are just enough leftovers for lunch tomorrow. Thanks! Very tasty,  everyone loved it. Cooked in ~3 hours, glad I was home to monitor.  The dough was soupy after 30 minutes so I will add it earlier next time, plus more onions and other veggies per other reviews.  Rosemary was perfect flavor. OVERKILL on the rosemary! It ruined the entire dinner. Beware of this if you make it, maybe only 2 teaspoons. Satisfying and so easy to put together. Leave the house in the morning and come back to the smell of a wonderful dinner cooking in the crockpot. Mmmmmm, mmm!Original recipe is a little over-seasoned in my opinion. The first time I made this, I followed the ingredients precisely. Another commenter was correct, this goes overboard with the rosemary.Second time, I cut the rosemary to 2 teaspoons and that did the trick. I also steeped some dried shiitake mushroom caps in salted, simmering water for about an hour added the shrooms and the liquid from that instead of broth. Also, I used cream of chicken because I had no cream of mushroom soup.Definitely had a flavorful mushroomy flavor and also the rosemary amount was just right, not overwhelming. This is my kind of recipe- super simple- not trying to be something other than a good home cooked meal! My husband loved it - I’m adding it to the rotation. Not dumplings but scones! Easy to assemble. Good flavor. Much easier than making it from scratch 3stars  as  the recipes is,  good, but made some changes to boost it up some  1>  switched the Mushroom soup to Cream of Chicken, 2> cut chicken up  to  smaller (bite sized) pieces, 3 > changed the vegie broth  for  actual Chicken Both, 4> added 1 package of  frozen mixed veggies (peas, carrots, beans, with corn) ...  came out  awesome Easy, added dried thyme and carrots as well This was hearty and yummy, hit the spot! So easy to throw together. I did tweak the recipe for my own purpose. I added a can of corn and a can of peas which was starting to make it a pot pie. But no! I did use cream of chicken soup instead of cream of mushroom, and veggie broth instead of chicken broth. I cooked it on low heat for 7.5 hours and then added the biscuits for 30 minutes on high heat. It was incredible! If you want the biscuits to be less chewy, pre-cook them on a baking sheet in the oven before adding them to the slow cooker.
