Crispy Panko Chicken Breasts
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/239428/crispy-panko-chicken-breasts/
Pound chicken breasts, one at a time, in a resealable plastic bag until about 1/2-inch thick. Lightly beat egg in a shallow bowl. Combine panko crumbs, garlic powder, onion powder, salt, and pepper in a separate shallow bowl. Dip chicken breasts in egg until coated, then dip in panko mixture, pressing chicken into the crumbs until fully coated. Arrange in a single layer on a plate. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add chicken and cook until golden brown and cooked through, about 2 to 3 minutes per side.
These are excellent, and rather quick to make! I flip them once I see the chicken turning white on the edges of the top side (about 3-4 minutes), then another 3-4 minutes. They come out crispy, juicy, and perfectly cooked. The reason this doesn't get 5* from me is that seasonings get lost when mixed with breadcrumbs. If you want truly delicious chicken, season it directly. I season both sides of the pounded breasts, rub with a sprinkle of flour, then dip in egg, and finally plain panko. Trust me, this method makes a difference. I was out of eggs so I used mayo instead. I also added a second layer of mayo + breadcrumbs because I wanted to make sure the breading stuck as much as possibleThis turned out amazingly! Cooked perfectly and awesome flavor Quick, easy and delicious! Did this with Pasta Roni and Made my own panko...Also Air Fried the chicken This was a big hit for my large family. I had to multiply the recipe by 5 but it still turned out great! I will definitely be making this one again! Awesome crispy outside of the chicken. Seasoning was good. Would make again. These were absolutely delicious. I will add them to my rotation. I made this recipe and it was so good, and so juicy! I loved it and I'm so happy I found this recipe! I added  1tsp of each to the flour mixwhite pepperKashmiri chilli flakesOreganoSmoked paprikaAs well as the original ingredientsWas heaven!! In brioche buns
