Fried Peach and Pancetta Pizza
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/239433/fried-peach-and-pancetta-pizza/
Preheat an oven to 475 degrees F (245 degrees C). Line baking sheets with aluminum foil. Sprinkle pancetta into a cold skillet and drizzle 1 teaspoon olive oil over pancetta. Cook and stir pancetta over medium heat until browned and caramelized, 5 to 10 minutes. Remove pan from heat and cool pancetta in the oil in the skillet. Place 1 dough quarter on a work surface and lightly dust with flour; roll into a 1/8-inch-thick irregularly shaped crust. Stretch dough with your hands to an even thickness; let rest on the work surface for 5 minutes. Repeat with remaining dough. Heat about 1 cup olive oil, reaching about 1/2-inch depth, in a heavy cast iron skillet over medium-high heat. Fry each piece of dough until browned and cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. The first side will be lighter than the second side. Drain the crusts on paper towels. Transfer pizza crusts, lighter-side up, to prepared baking sheets. Spread about 2 tablespoons ricotta cheese onto each crust using the back of a spoon. Sprinkle about 1/2 teaspoon fresh thyme over ricotta layer. Sprinkle pancetta over the ricotta-thyme layer; season with black pepper. Nestle about 5 peach slices onto each pizza, working around the pancetta pieces. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon Parmesan-Reggiano cheese over each pizza. Drizzle about 1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil over Parmesan-Reggiano layer. Bake in the preheated oven until cheese is melted and peaches are lightly browned and tender, 12 to 15 minutes. Cool pizzas for 5 to 10 minutes on the baking sheet.
These are very delicious! I made them at the height of peach season, and every single family member said "Eww" as I was cooking. Those Ewws quickly became Wows when I brought these to the table, however. Every last one has always been eaten. I've made them without the Parmesan or Romano when I didn't have any on hand, and they were just as good I think. I've made them with prosciutto instead of pancetta and they were still good. I've added some of the following spices: cinnamon, mace, nutmeg, allspice, cardamom, and ginger. All good. I've added pinches of crystallized ginger. Equally good. It all depends on what you like. The black pepper, ricotta, peaches and dough are all obviously essential ingredients, but go with what you personally like as embellishments - you will not be disappointed. For me, cardamom is essential. Delicious It was delicious and so juicy!! Great appetizer!  Family and guests loved it A huge hit.  Made it today for my whole family, they loved it.Will make it again for sure.Thank you! Chef John.Carmela It was very good. But I used pita bread because I didn't want to make my own crust. Still was very good. These are very delicious!  I made them at the height of peach season, and every single family member said "Eww" as I was cooking.  Those Ewws quickly became Wows when I brought these to the table, however.  Every last one has always been eaten.  I've made them without the Parmesan or Romano when I didn't have any on hand, and they were just as good I think.  I've made them with prosciutto instead of pancetta and they were still good. I've added some of the following spices: cinnamon, mace, nutmeg, allspice, cardamom, and ginger.  All good.  I've added pinches of crystallized ginger.  Equally good.  It all depends on what you like.  The black pepper, ricotta, peaches and dough are all obviously essential ingredients, but go with what you personally like as embellishments - you will not be disappointed.  For me, cardamom is essential. This might be the best thing I've ever made off of this website, and I'm on it every day! Will DEFINITELY make again. No one could get enough, it disappeared off the table.
