Gluten-Free Waffles
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/239606/gluten-free-waffles/
Preheat a waffle iron according to manufacturer's instructions. Stir milk, buckwheat, almond flour, vegetable oil, eggs, baking powder, sugar, and salt together in a bowl until batter is smooth. Working in batches, ladle batter into preheated waffle iron and cook until waffles are golden and crisp, 3 to 5 minutes.
These were amazing! My first attempt at gluten free waffles. Used combination of buckwheat, rice and coconut flours and used buttermilk, olive oil and coconut sugar. My family liked these even better than my usual wheat flour waffles. Now that we are eating gluten free this will be my new basic waffle recipe. Looking forward to experimenting with different gluten free flours. Thanks stairguy for this awesome recipe! I have been looking for a Gluten Free and a recipe where you don't have to use egg(s).  She gives you ideas for substitutes to use instead of egg(s).  I made mini waffles to put extra in freezer and they freeze good.  Thank you for an amazing waffle recipe. Came out great. Made a double-batch for a waffle brunch. Everyone brought a side or topping, and it was a hit! Fluffy, crispy, great texture. I recommend finely ground buckwheat or it will taste grainy. Nice consistency.great taste! Great recipe. These are not grainy, moist, and very delicious.???? Very liquid mix. Not a fan. Used almond milk, Flax seed ground, sugar substitute, agave, Splenda, pumpkin spice powder, cinnamon, nutmeg and corn starch. It was changed for good! Added almond flavor to soften buckwheat tones. I changed the buckwheat flour to gluten free flour and I used stevia & monk fruit instead of sugar, and light olive oil instead of vegetable oil.  What I got was a very light and crispy waffle even my husband would eat (and like).  Success all the way round We loved these! My husband recently found out he’s gluten intolerant and has been craving waffles. We were impressed with these and will make them again for sure! They may even be better than the traditional waffle recipes I make. I used 1 c almond flour and 1 c gluten free flour instead of buckwheat flour. Made them light and wonderful! Good GF recipe. I changed mine up a little bit by using 2 cups of sifted all purpose GF flour (Bob’s Red Mill). Use 2 tsp of baking powder instead of 1 for fluffier waffles. Add a dash of cinnamon, nutmeg, anise seed, vanilla and 2 tablespoons of maple syrup instead of sugar. I also added more milk to make the batter less thick. My family loved it! Will make it again.
