Cinnamon Sugar Pumpkin Seeds
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/239621/cinnamon-toast-pumpkin-seeds/
Gather the ingredients. Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place pumpkin seeds into a large bowl. Mix butter, cinnamon, and salt together in a small bowl; pour over seeds and toss until evenly coated. Spread seeds in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven, stirring occasionally, until seeds are light golden brown, about 40 minutes. Remove from the oven; sprinkle sugar over warm seeds and stir until evenly coated. otdash Meredith Food Studio
What a great Recipe to cook up all the Fresh Pumpkin Seeds we got from carving our Pumpkins over this Halloween Weekend. I highly recommend that you Rinse and really clean your Fresh Pumpkin Seeds. Then place them on clean paper towels, on a Baking Sheet, and air them out for at least 24-hours to remove the moisture. Then follow this Recipe exactly, but turn them every 15 minutes and don't be surprised if they only take 30 minutes to cook (and not 40 minutes). Delicious! I did not make any changes. I added a bit of brown sugar and vanilla and they taste AMAZING Great recipe, super easy to make everyone in the family loves them. Thanks for sharing I added brown sugar These were so good! (notice the past tense! they are all gone now!) I loved this, the only adjustment I made is I did half and half of white sugar and brown sugar, and I sprinkled white sugar on before baking, and brown sugar on after baking and it turned out amazing      Loved this recipe???? This was delicious! Made as directed except cooked for 30 mins only These pumpkin seeds were amazing! I doubled the amount of seeds and tripled the “topping” because we like to indulge around here. :) They turned out SO good! I sat down for lunch one day and just kept eating these before I realized I had eaten an entire bowl of them. I also made these in tandem with the buffalo ranch version on this site. Both were absolutely wonderful! These will be my go tos for sure from now on! These are a simple and delicious way to use the pumpkin seeds after carving the pumpkin. We are having them as a snack before Thanksgiving. The sugary sweet taste and crunchy texture make these our new go to snack for this time of year.
