Haunted Oreos®
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/239808/haunted-oreos/
Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Melt white chocolate in the top of a double boiler over simmering water, stirring frequently and scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula to avoid scorching. Dip each sandwich cookie in melted white chocolate to coat completely; transfer cookies to the prepared baking sheet. Chill in the freezer until almost hardened, about 30 minutes. Press 2 chocolate chips into each cookie to resemble eyes and 1 chocolate chip below the "eyes" to resemble a mouth. Chill in the freezer until completely set, about 45 minutes.
The Oreos are so festive for Halloween. I melted the white chocolate chips in a heat proof glass large measuring cup. I placed the cup in the microwave and stirred after every 20 seconds until melted. Insert a toothpick before coating the Oreos. I also placed the oreos on cooling rack so I didn't have to scrap off the extra melted chocolate around the edges. I added some yellow and red food coloring for the pumpkins. I also bough some black food coloring for the pumpkin eyes. The container is a 12 oz. cup cut down to two inches. I used tacky glue to add scrapbook paper and added a ribbon. Add candy and Oreos to make a cute give away Halloween treat. thank you guys and girls for trying my recipe I am so happy that people like my idea, so thanks so much! This was a lot of fun to make.  I used a candy mold. All the 5th grade kids liked these.  My food coloring drops never did make the orange color look quite right.  We used m&m's for the eyes and candy corn for the nose - very cute The Oreos are so festive for Halloween. I melted the white chocolate chips in a heat proof glass large measuring cup. I placed the cup in the microwave and stirred after every 20 seconds until melted. Insert a toothpick before coating the Oreos. I also placed the oreos on cooling rack so I didn't have to scrap off the extra melted chocolate around the edges.  I added some yellow and red food coloring for the pumpkins. I also bough some black food coloring for the pumpkin eyes. The container is a 12 oz. cup cut down to two inches. I used tacky glue to add scrapbook paper and added a ribbon. Add candy and Oreos to make a cute give away Halloween treat.
