Chef John's Chicken Tikka Masala
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/239867/chef-johns-chicken-tikka-masala/
Gather all ingredients. Place chicken in a bowl. Drizzle vegetable oil over chicken; toss to coat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Whisk together salt, garam masala, cumin, coriander, paprika, turmeric, black pepper, cayenne pepper, and cardamom in a small bowl. Sprinkle over chicken and turn to coat evenly. Melt clarified butter in a large, heavy skillet over high heat. Cook chicken thighs in hot butter until browned on all sides, 5 to 10 minutes. Transfer chicken to a plate. When cool enough to handle, cut chicken into bite-sized pieces. otdash Meredith Food Studio Make sauce: Place the skillet with chicken drippings over medium-high heat. Stir onion into the skillet; sauté until onion softens and turns translucent, 5 to 6 minutes. Stir in tomato paste and cook until paste caramelizes, about 5 minutes. Stir garlic and ginger into tomato-onion mixture; cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour crushed tomatoes into the skillet. Bring to a boil while scraping the browned bits of food off of the bottom of the skillet with a wooden spoon. Pour in coconut milk and chicken broth; bring to a simmer, reduce heat to medium-low, and cook, stirring occasionally, until flavors blend and sauce is slightly reduced, about 15 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir chicken and any accumulated juices into sauce. Add cilantro and red pepper flakes; bring to a simmer, reduce heat to medium-low, and cook until chicken is cooked through and tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Season with salt and black pepper.
This is a great recipe. After reading the recipe, I felt it had too much tomato paste and crushed tomatoes. So I reduced the tomato paste to one tablespoon and the crushed tomatoes to 3/4 cup.I blended the spices and checked the aroma. I felt something was missing so I added between 1/4 and 1/2 teaspoon of ground cloves a bit at a time. That improved the aroma and ultimately the taste. Everyone loved the chicken tikka masala. We often visit a local Indian restaurant and they almost always include chicken tikka masala in the buffet. My husband says the chicken masala I prepared is as good, if not better than, the restaurant version.I have always thought that mushrooms should be included and the next time I make chicken tikka masala, I'll use mushrooms in addition to the chicken.Thank you Chef John. Followed the recipe exactly as written except I let it simmer a little longer. Was absolutely delicious and better than I had hoped for. Anyone can follow this recipe. Awesome flavor , great taste !❤️ This was fabulous! The chicken alone is amazing! I happened to have all needed ingredients- it was very easy to make. Will definitely make again- so good!!! A ton of special ingredients. Assembling the stuff was the most time consuming. Cooking it was easy. In the end, I don’t regret the time spent. It was awesome, especially served with garlic naan. Not European This smells amazing while cooking and! This recipe gets bonus points for how easy it is to make! I made zero changes except that I didn’t have fresh cilantro…which, I wish I did. Served with warmed naan. Rivals and beats take out! Thanks yet again Chef John! I love English/Indian food!!!  This was fantastic!!! I’m not a big fan of tomato paste so I used chipotle sauce instead. I believe it works well with the recipe. I used the spice amounts the same except for the cumin which I did half. The thighs melt in your mouth with flavorful goodness. Second time I added mushrooms per another viewer and we enjoyed them added as well. This is definitely a recipe able to be made easily and regularly at our household! Love the coconut milk over cream in this recipe. This is a fantastic recipe. I didn't have any chicken so I made some adjustments and added  red lentils. Chicken or lentils, the flavours and that coconut milk make it a real treat for your mouth!Thank you Chef John!
