Chef John's Dutch Babies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/239993/chef-johns-dutch-babies/
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Blend eggs, milk, flour, vanilla, and salt together in a blender until batter is smooth. Melt clarified butter in a 10-inch cast iron skillet over high heat until bubbling; pour batter into the center of the skillet. Bake in the preheated oven until puffed and golden, 20 to 25 minutes. Brush with 1 tablespoon butter, drizzle lemon juice over the top, and dust with confectioners' sugar.
Amazing!! I didn't clarify the butter. I preheated the oven at 475 with my pan in there. When the pan was hot I put the butter into my pan in the oven and let it melt and heat up. I turned the oven down to 425 poured the batter into the preheated pan with the melted butter and let it cooked for 20 min. Perfection it came out looking amazing and deflates in about 3 minutes :( but the taste is unique and super good. I will be making this again and again. Next time I am going to try a savory one. Germans were/are “Deutsch”…. As in Pennsylvania Deutsch….Way back when….many Yanks were not quite educated enough to know Deutsch wasn’t Dutch. Easy mistake.Great recipe. Have had it several times! I've made this many times! Easy and delicious! Amazing!!! 5 Stars It's a 10. Make it! This is so easy to make and tastes delicious. You'll never make regular pancakes again. I love it! So versatile and delicious.Always have everything on hand.Kids love creating their own toppings!Favorite is whipped cream! Delicious! Almost as good as what I had in a restaurant many years ago. It was buttery and eggy. My family devoured it in a few minutes. I skipped the lemon because my son does not like lemon. I regret waiting so many years to finally make it. I didn't have clarified butter, didn't know it was available to buy, so I waited until my daughter who's in culinary school to finally bring home clarified butter that she made in school... I love this and make it whenever I can.  Very easy and so few ingredients. Tomorrow I'm going to put some sliced green apples in the pan before I put in the batter.  Need to use up the apples and we'll see what happens.  Hope it puffs up still. My favorite part of making this-watching it puff up! OMG, that's good! First time making it, too! For something that takes very few ingredients and even things I would find in my kitchen, this is delicious! I don't know if clarified butter would have made it better, though, as I used just melted butter and it turned out fine. Would recommend! Awesome. Sooooo easy. Perfect every time I make them. I used to make popovers  which are more labor intensive and fail from time to time for whatever reason; no more. Blend, pour, bake. Dummy proof and amazing. Thanks Chef!
