Peanut Butter Spider Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/240007/peanut-butter-spider-cookies/
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Line baking sheets with baking parchment. Beat shortening, peanut butter, brown sugar, and 1/2 cup white sugar together with an electric mixer in a large bowl until smooth. Beat egg into the creamy mixture until fully incorporated. Stir milk and vanilla extract into the mixture until smooth. Mix flour, baking soda, and salt together in a small bowl; add to peanut butter mixture in the large bowl and stir until completely incorporated into a dough. Divide and shape dough into 48 balls. Spread 1/4 cup white sugar into a wide, shallow bowl. Roll dough balls in sugar to coat and arrange about 2 inches apart onto prepared baking sheets. Bake in preheated oven until golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove cookies from oven and quickly press a dimple into the middle of each cookie using the blunt end of a wooden spoon. Cool cookies on sheets for 10 minutes before transferring to a wire cooling rack to cool completely. Cut each chocolate sphere into two hemispheres. Put one piece atop each cookie with the rounded side facing upwards. Spoon frosting into a pastry bag with a small round tip or a plastic freezer bag with one end snipped off. Dab a small amount of frosting onto the back of each candy eyeball and stick two onto each chocolate candy to resemble eyes. Then pipe frosting in four thin lines, starting at the base of the candy, on each side atop the cookie to resemble spider legs. Let frosting harden at room temperature, about 30 minutes. Store cookies in an airtight container.
I have also used Palmer's "Creepy Peepers" chocolate eyeballs for this recipe. They are the right size, individually wrapped candies and you can get a 10 ounce or 1 pound bag. They are under $6.00 for the pound size bag. Chill and cut as recipe states before using. Try using Reese's mini cups upside down as well. Very cute and delicious cookies but time consuming to decorate! Hope the grandkids love them ❤️ These were a HUGE hit with 5 year old grandson - the cookies are much better than my go to peanut butter cookie I've used for years and  years (glad I used this recipe because from now on it's my new go to peanut butter cookie) and they are CUTE CUTE CUTE (jaw aching sweet though....)  Next time I'll try whoppers malted milk balls and just make smaller cookies to accomodate the smaller "bodies"  for 3 reasons - the truffles are hard to cut in half without crumbling ,  some of the truffles "leaked" at both ends overnight on the table (much to his delight as they only leaked at the front and back, not the sides for some reason, and it looked exactly like an organic mess if you get my meaning, lol) and the truffles are really sweet.  But for the first time ever  I made  a new holiday cute recipe and  mine turned out looking like the picture, not "sort of" like the picture! This is my favorite thing to make with my kids! It is so easy and as the Mom of 2 kids especially with their 3 year age difference, it can sometimes be hard to get them to get along, but this brings us all together for a fun time! Great!!! I have an impatient 4 year old, so I did these semi-homemade style. Used premade peanut butter cookies (Recee's break apart cookies from Publix). Put two of the cookies together and rolled into a ball, and dredged in sugar. Baked 12 minutes on 350, took out, made a dent with the back of a tablespoon, and put back in for 3 more minutes. Waited for them to cool, and used premade chocolate decorating frosting, and pipped a circle blob to make the truffle stick (tried adding tuffle while cookies were hot, and they just melted). Used same store bought frosting (the kind in a bag with a tip attached), to attach eyes and make legs.Turned out good enough for family and friends, although dont think they'd be good enough for a bake sale. 4 year old had a blast, and didnt ruin the kitchen. Also, was super speedy. Me and my boyfriend made these cookies to get into the Halloween spirit and they were delicious! We used milk chocolate truffles and they turned out great. The recipe is really easy and they’re so fun to make! Had a blast making these with my four year old! Amazing! Very cute! My friends loved them! The life of my Halloween party! And truly delicious at that! A big hit at my grand daughters Halloween party at school! The cookie is a very good peanut butter cookie. I used mini peanut butter cups for the body, and mini marshmallows cut in half for the eyes. We used a dot of chocolate icing for the center of the eyes. Adorable and tasty!
