Slow Cooker Chicken Chili
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/240087/slow-cooker-chicken-chili/
Lightly grease the crock of your slow cooker with vegetable oil. Add chicken breasts, chicken broth, black beans, cannellini beans, diced tomatoes, yellow onion, chili powder, garlic, cumin, paprika, garlic powder, hot sauce, salt, and black pepper. Cook on Low for 6 hours (or on High for 3 hours). Remove chicken breasts to a cutting board. Shred chicken with forks and return to the crock. Add sour cream and stir. Continue cooking on Low for 30 minutes more.
I added an additional can of cannellini beans because I really think this recipe needs more beans. The only other change I will make the next time I make this is that I will drain and rinse the black beans but keep the liquid from the tomatoes and one of the cans of cannellini beans. I ended up adding more chicken broth than the recipe called for and would have preferred the thickness of the bean liquid instead. Everyone has their own preferred thickness when it comes to chili though so use your own judgement there. This was super simple with no fuss and you really can't go wrong with this recipe. Loved this, but cut back on the chili powder and no hot sauce and added an extra can of beans.  Still very good! I have made this over 10 times, its a big hit in my household. Load up on the corn bread and butter, you can start your diet tomorrow. This chili is amazing and the broth is flavorful Sorry.  I thought it was terrible.  I added a TON of Cumin, Chili Powder, a little bit of cayenne pepper...  and some garlic salt...  because it had no flavor... It was amazing and so easy to put together. Followed recipe for most part except I used only black beans, fresh jalapeño and longhorn peppers and Rotel diced tomatoes with jalapeños. Obviously we like heat but I found it gave just the right amount of heat and not overwhelming.   Perfect dish for a cold winter night. I loved it! My kids loved it too! I used kidney beans and garbanzo because that’s what I had. I also added tomato paste but kept everything else the same. Delicious!! This is a pretty yummy recipe and only 1 WW point with some modifications.  I left off the veg oil, not really necessary, and left off the sour cream, don't really like it anyway. Will definitely make this again. Enjoyed it Family loved it
