Famous Butter Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/24002/famous-butter-chicken/
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Place cracker crumbs and eggs into 2 separate shallow bowls. Mix cracker crumbs with garlic salt and pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Dip chicken in eggs, then dredge in crumb mixture to coat. Arrange coated chicken in a 9x13-inch baking dish. Scatter butter around chicken. otdash Meredith Food Studio otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until chicken is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 40 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
I have been making this for over a year now. My family loves it. For all those people who give it less than 3 stars, try again with these instructions I learned from past reviewers. Use 1/3 cup butter, cook for only about 25 mins (do not let over cook, 40 mins too long), spoon juices all over the chicken 2 times while cooking. Perfect every time! Easy and delicious - last week I overcooked chicken breasts, this is my new favorite! My kind of recipe - a few ingredients and delicious!  Thanks! I made a couple of small changes to your recipe by using more salt and lots of garlic powder. The chicken breast were large so I cooked them appropriately 15 minutes longer. I used the club butter crackers. I poured some egg over any bald spots  on chicken and added more crumbs. Then added the butter everywhere. The chicken breast were excellent. I served mashed potatoes and black eyed peas to complete the meal. A salad would have been good also. I will definitely cook this again. 🤗 Chicken was juicy and moist and took exactly 40 minutes to bake at 375 degrees but chicken lacked flavor. Made sure each chicken breast was thoroughly dipped in egg and then dredged well in cracker crumbs, pepper and garlic salt. Added a good amount of butter pats and sprinkled with fresh parsley when cooking was completed. Unsure what to add to enhance flavor. I added italian seasoning and some fresh grated parm to the crackers. It added some flavor.
