Meringue Bones and Ghosts
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/240064/meringue-bones-and-ghosts/
Preheat oven to 225 degrees F (110 degrees C). Line 2 baking sheets with silicone baking mats. Whisk eggs whites and lemon juice together in a bowl until thick, white, and foamy. Add sugar a spoonful at a time, whisking constantly, until meringue is shiny, thick, and holds its shape. Transfer meringue to a piping bag. Pipe 12 bone shapes onto a prepared baking sheet. Pipe 12 puffs to resemble ghosts onto the remaining baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until dried and firm, about 1 hour. Turn off the oven, close the door, and cool until completely dried, about 1 hour more. Dip the tip of a toothpick into melted chocolate and dot chocolate "eyes" on each of the ghosts.
Just a quick comment. I made meringue bones one year. If they break in half, as meringue can do, they don't look like bones anymore... they look like the private parts of a man. It was quite embarrassing as I took them to a school sponsored event for my son's elementary school. Stick with the ghosts! I made meringue for the first time with this recipe! They turned out great! Thank you! This is good for Halloween. I loved it. Just don't put this out when you're having a date Lol Chef John is the best! I love all his recipes and he has taught me how to make some very delicious dishes. My boyfriend always goes on to his family, friends and even customers about how good of a cook I am. Thank you chef John for inspiring me to be a better chef Angelina. So easy and adorable! Thanks again Chef John! Maybe I have weak arms, but this was impossible for me to whisk by hand. I only have a hand-held mixer so I had to use that for a good 15 minutes to get the mixture nice and fluffy. My sore arms were worth it though; these are soo yummy! I have always wanted to try merengues and this recipe was just right!  Beating the eggs by hand proved to be too much for  me.  I had to enlist my husbands help and I ended up getting out the electric beater.  Wonderful Halloween treat. It was hard to get the bones to not break apart. Make them thicker than you think. The ghosts were hard to make too but tasted great! Such an easy recipe! Watching the video was helpful, and using an electric mixer made it even easier. I've made meringue cookies a lot.  I use different extracts and colors. I've never used the lemon juice I've always used the Crème of tartar.  I want to try this one with black and make black cats, maybe with Anise extract.   Has anybody tried this.  If it turns out for me, I'll try and post a picture.
