Buttermilk Waffles
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/240033/buttermilk-waffles/
Preheat a waffle iron according to manufacturer's instructions. Preheat oven to 275 degrees F (135 degrees C). Set a wire rack on a baking sheet and place in the oven. Whisk flour, sugar, baking soda, and salt together in a bowl. Whisk buttermilk, egg, and oil together in a large bowl. Stir flour mixture into buttermilk mixture just until batter is combined. Pour batter into preheated waffle iron, leaving about 1/2-inch border; close iron and cook according to manufacturer's instructions, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer cooked waffles to the rack in the oven. Continue cooking waffles with remaining batter.
These were very good waffles. I added vanilla and cinnamon and I changed up the leavening to 1 tsp baking powder and 1/4 tsp baking soda per cup of flour and omitted the salt. I made a double batch as I was feeding 3 boys and they gobbled them up! This is a really good recipe! Very simple and easy to make.  I used  homemade goat buttermilk,  because,  oh my goodness,  I have a LOT of goat's milk. Garnished with goat cream cheese and chocolate chips.  Thanks for sharing your recipe with us.  I doubled the recipe,  but next time I'm quadrupling it, so I can freeze them. Easiest and tastiest waffle recipe. Absolutely love this one! Very easy and quick.  I did add some vanilla and it tasted really wonderful. I made these for my granddaughter this morning. Topped them with  fruit & whipped cream. They were a hit! I had mine with syrup. They were so light & fluffy. Very easy to whip up. Ill definitely make these again. Great easy recipe. For me, this only made 3 waffles. Next time I would double the recipe and add some vanilla for a little more flavor. Thank you for the recipe! I found it very tasteless Super tender. Best waffles I have ever made. Only change was a little vanilla extract.  Tripled the recipe.  Excellent!!!  Will make again!!! We thought these were good! Made them in the Belgian waffle maker.
