Pumpkin Flax Quickbread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/24015/pumpkin-flax-quickbread/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease one 9x5 inch loaf pan. Whisk together flax seed meal and water. Mix in sugar, pumpkin and apple sauce. In a large bowl, stir together all-purpose flour, whole wheat flour, baking soda, cinnamon, salt, baking powder, nutmeg, and cloves. Add flour mixture to pumpkin mixture; stir until smooth. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake in preheated oven for 65 to 70 minutes, until a toothpick inserted into center of the loaf comes out clean.
It's been a long time since I posted this recipe. I'm glad others are enjoying it! These days I make it without any applesauce and just use the whole 15 oz can of pumpkin. Add a few spoons of water if it needed but keep in mind this batter is thick.I also add 1/3 cup chopped walnuts and 1/3 cup dried cranberries (Craisins).I cut the sugar back to 1 cup as well.  This is now my go to recipe. It's easily doubled and you can swap out the pumpkin for pretty much anything.  I've used banana, zucchini, and my favorite - carrots and peanut butter.  I also use 1/3 less sugar and avocado oil. Love this! Made it for Thanksgiving using a the Voicipe app, which read the directions while I prepped. I used half the sugar and it still came out moist and delicious! I have finally found the pumpkin bread recipe I’ve been looking for.  It’s moist and so flavorful.  Granted, I had to alter from the original recipe (I know, I know....) because I don’t keep wheat flour and I didn’t have applesauce (I thought I did.  I used all-purpose flour and a full can (15 oz.) of pumpkin purée.  I also added raisins.    The consistency of the baked bread was a tiny bit rubbery but that may be because I didn’t use a bread flour  or because I stirred the batter too much.  I welcome input if anyone can confirm my hunches. Another keeper recipe! Please do add the word "Vegan" in the Recipe title. I ended up using Coconut Oil instead of Canola Oil since I didn't have any on hand. Baked it in a disposable aluminum foil pan that is slightly smaller than the size recommended, lightly sprayed with non-stick oil all over for easy removal. It puffed up really nicely & was super moist! This recipe is delicious just the way it is!  Even the non-pumpkin lovers in my family LOVE this bread.  No one in my family is vegan, but my youngest son is allergic to lots of foods including eggs.  I love it when I can make a recipe all 6 of us can enjoy. I make this for my picky son all the time.  He loves it! I accidentally used a tablespoon of ground cinnamon instead of a teaspoon. I also added half a teaspoon of ground pumpkin spice for an extra kick.The mixture was extremely easy to blend and took little to no elbow grease to make it smooth and creamy. I let the bread sit for about 5 minutes after taking it out of the oven.It was extremely moist, but I think the extra cinnamon and personal touch of pumpkin spice was almost necessary to ensure the "pumpkin" stood out. This is way too sweet., so much so that I can't taste the pumpkin.  I gave it 4 stars because I think it would be excellent with that one adjustment.  Next time I will use 1 cup, or even less. I am far from a "cook" but I am trying to learn with my 3 year old beside me.  We had no eggs and I didn't feel like going to the store and came across this recipe.  It was great!  Somewhat chewy but very moist and my 3 year old called it "cake".  Husband liked it too.  Quick, easy, yummy.  I will make this again for sure.
