Chef John's Kummelweck Rolls
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/240134/chef-johns-kummelweck-rolls/
Make the dough: Whisk 1/2 cup flour with warm water and yeast in the bowl of a stand mixer. Let sit until foamy, 10 to 15 minutes. Stir in 2 tablespoons oil, egg white, sugar, salt, and honey; whisk until smooth. Change the mixer attachment to the dough hook. Gradually add remaining flour to yeast mixture with the mixer running; knead until a soft, sticky dough forms, 3 to 4 minutes. Drizzle remaining vegetable oil into the mixer bowl and turn dough to coat. Cover the bowl and let dough rise until doubled in size, 1 to 2 hours. Line a baking sheet with a silicone baking mat. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured work surface; flatten and press into a rectangle. Cut into 12 pieces and form each piece into a roll. Place rolls 2 inches apart onto the prepared baking sheet. Cover and let rise until doubled in size, about 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Make the topping: Whisk egg white and water together in a small bowl. Use kitchen shears to cut an "X" at the top of each roll. Brush rolls with egg white mixture and sprinkle with caraway seeds and salt. Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, 18 to 20 minutes.
Absolutely the best sandwich buns I have ever made, with or without the toppings. I have been baking breads for over 15 yrs. and they are my new go to buns. I think it's the omission of the yolk that makes the difference. Makes an excellent sandwich loaf also. Stays soft and fresh for days. Home bread bakers must give this a try. Big fan, Chef John. Thanks for all the great recipes. Beef on weck is a twice a month meal for us, abfab! I have made these for Buffalo friends they loved it! I kept recipe and I have made them every time for beef on weck! I want to know can you make rolls refrigerate dough and bake them the next day? These came out great - thank you! I wonder if you have any tips for making them more light and airy - they were a bit dense compared to a Kaiser roll. Maybe I over kneaded them? Thanks! Followed the recipe and they turned out perfect. I made these with my stand mixer as directed, but I think next time Ill do it by hand. The dough is a little tough but the taste is amazing! I’m not faulting the recipe, but my handling of the dough. As a Buffalo native in Baltimore, I've had to make my own rolls to get the true taste of home. Still need to work on my proofing times to get the rise right but only change I would make is to cut this to make 8 to 10 rolls so you can pile on enough meat. At 12 the size I've gotten is halfway between a slider and a typical bun but maybe I'm just used to meals at 1.5 servings... also, never skimp on the horseradish... enjoy! I just made these to try with a pulled BBQ chicken recipe I usually make.  They are fantastic, and I changed only small things:  I used olive oil instead of veg oil and I made 8 larger rolls instead of 12 smaller rolls. They are NOT sweet at all even though I increased the honey to 1 tablespoon to counter all the salt...next time I will reduce the salt in this because of being a little too salty.   I had to leave them in the oven for the tiniest bit over 20 minutes but they turned out great!!  They were very very dark and firm on the outside and soft on the inside, and they didn't fall apart when slathered with the BBQ chicken.  Will defintely make these again and will also make the beef that goes with it someday. I grew up eating beef on weck sandwiches and never thought I'd be able to enjoy those rolls without traveling home. We're celebrating the Bills going to the playoffs today, so I decided to make these rolls. They are perfect!!! I wouldn't recommend using scissors to score the tops -- next time I'm using a razor blade. But at last I have kummelweck rolls!!! Can’t wait for dinner!  Just need meat to be done. So much easier than I thought it would be.
