Fresh Pumpkin Muffins
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/24011/pumpkin-muffins-ii/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease 12 muffin cups or line with paper muffin liners. Split pumpkin in half. Remove seeds and strings. Place on baking sheet, cut-side down. Cover with foil and bake in preheated oven until tender, about 90 minutes. Remove pumpkin pulp and puree in blender. Measure out 2 cups pumpkin puree; set aside. Stir flour, sugar, baking soda, baking powder, cloves, cinnamon, nutmeg, allspice, and salt together in a large bowl. Beat 2 cups pumpkin puree, vegetable oil, and eggs together in a separate bowl. Stir pumpkin mixture into flour mixture until smooth. Scoop batter into prepared muffin cups, filling 3/4 full. Bake in the preheated oven for 20 to 25 minutes, until a toothpick inserted into the center of a muffin comes out clean.
These are very good as is but can be VERY "heart healthy" without sacrificing taste with these changes: replace white flour with 2 cups whole wheat flour and one cup rolled oats; Replace oil one for one with applesauce; replace eggs with egg beaters (1/4 cup per egg). I used canned pumpkin and pumpkin pie spice (6 teaspoons) to replace the other spices; and decrease sugar to 3/4 cup. This recipe will make 24 "normal" sized muffins that are about 100 calories. I have been making these for years, my entire extended family loves when I make them! I substitute a can of Libby's Pumpkin Puree; instead of all white sugar I use 1 cup white and 1 cup brown, and generally use half the cloves. It's amazing how different they can taste depending whether I use light or dark brown sugar, and changing the spices slightly. I recently started sprinkling just a little sugar in the raw on top, to give a crunch. I used pumpkin that I roasted and froze in the fall. Very good but I did modify to 1.5 cups of sugar as recommended by others. I also cut the cloves, allspice and nutmeg way back. So for that reason I took a star. Way too much of those spices in the original recipe. Made 18 normal sized muffins. Would make again. Too much spices!! I used canned yams in place of the pumpkin and the spices I used was one tablespoon of pumpkin pie spice and one tablespoon of cinnamon. They came out great with just the right amount of spices.  I’m going to try with applesauce at some point. I don't know how they taste as I dislike pumpkin. Made them for my husband. The batter was extremely thick. I needed to ad lots of milk to get it reasonably thinned out. Think thicker then pudding type thick. Will look for different recipe. I used yo like all recipe but I have not found a good recipe recently . Best pumpkins I've ever eaten! Used a regular pumpkin but all the rest was the same as the recipe. Came out delicious. Topped with some homemade lemon cream frosting and they were awesome.  Grandkids want more! Amazing muffins. I did cut back the spices as suggested but don't think I will next time (except maybe the cloves). Tried as is, with sanding sugar, with mini chocolate chips and streusel from another pumpkin muffin recipe. All are great (didn't like the chocolate one as much as the streusel). Bet cream cheese frosting would be great on them! These turned out perfectly moist and had a delicious fall flavor. Next time I make them I’m going to cut the cloves and nutmeg to 1tsp each. The clove after taste is quite strong. I like cloves so I’m happy, but my family would prefer it to be less intense.
