Scrumptious Salmon Cakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/240130/scrumptious-salmon-cakes/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix together salmon, panko, parsley, eggs, green onions, Worcestershire sauce, Parmesan cheese, Dijon mustard, creamy salad dressing, seafood seasoning, garlic powder, and pepper in a large bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Divide mixture and shape into 8 patties. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat enough olive oil in a large skillet to cover the cooking surface over medium heat. Fry salmon patties in batches until browned, 5 to 7 minutes per side. Repeat with more olive oil as needed. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
A little spicy but very good. I halved the recipe because I'm the only one in the house that will eat salmon and I love it. Needed some tartar sauce to tame the spiciness. I'll be reducing the black pepper and Old Bay next time because I like my salmon patties a little milder. Nice recipe though and will most likely make again. Thanks Judiebug! I have to agree with the review which was voted most helpful, from Kris Hodges, it's good but a little spicy. I don't know which ingredients make it so spicy. Could be the eggs maybe? Or the breadcrumbs? The parsley perhaps? Me and that Kris person seem to think alike. I don't like things so outrageously spicy like these salmon cakes. I need things to be mild. Good and mild. Mild like me. Oh, and like Kris. I like to stay home. Sometimes I like to sit quietly whilst staring into the distance, wondering why everything, and everyone, is so spicy. Why can't they all just be like me? Mild. My personality is mild. My clothing is mild. My home is mild. The food I eat is mild. Even my pets are mild. I can't tolerate any of those spicy types of shenanigans. Definitely no outrageous shenanigans for me. Mild is my speed, and sometimes I like it even slower than that. Several times I've made recipes from this website and left out all of the spices and seasonings. And yet...it was still too spicy! Why does everything have to be so spicy? If I were ever to get married, I'd want a very non-spicy partner, cause I'm a mild person, did I mention that? Like Kris. Kris understands these types of things, I can tell. No shenanigans for Kris either. Just mildness. Oceans of mildness is what we'd like to have around us at all times. Even mild cheddar cheese is too spicy for me. I need extra-super-overwhelmingly mild cheddar. But even then I'd only consume it on a weekend. Cause, that's when I let my hair down a little.Have a wonderfully mild day, y'all. Excellent recipe.For me, I put hot sauce on mine. I have some “smoked garlic cream” sauce I’m going to try.  I may add an additional egg to hold the patties together a little better.  Mine didn’t crumble, but they do fall apart when taking them out of the pan. I made a few changes, cooking for one. I used fewer than 1/2 the ingredient measurements and they came  outPERFECT  once  again!!! *Chef's kiss* These salmon cakes were a big hit with my family! They came together quickly and were pretty easy to make. The texture was perfect and they have a lot of flavor. They were wonderful with a nice crisp salad. This was a great recipe. I did tweak it a little, but mainly only because I had a piece and a half of salmon leftover. I used salmon I made yesterday and chopped it in chopper.  Added the dijon, Worcestershire sauce, mayo, scallions, diced up peppers, a little old Bay, paprika, salt and pepper.   Used regular breadcrumbs because I didn't have Panko.  I airfried it for 11 minutes at 390 and they came out great.  Ate them with tartar sauce.  Thanks for the recipe! I have made these before and they were yummy. I leave out the Worcestershire sauce and the seafood seasoning. I also add a bit of dill seasoning to this. YUM! This is a solid recipe.  We like the amount of spice to it.  We do typically use regular breadcrumbs as opposed to Italian seasoned, but have done it both ways and didn't really notice much of a difference.
