Apple Cinnamon Oatmeal Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/24014/apple-cinnamon-oatmeal-bread/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease and flour a 9x5 inch loaf pan. In a large bowl, cream together the butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Mix in applesauce, cinnamon and one packet oatmeal. Stir in the eggs one at a time, beating well with each addition. Mix in the baking soda and flour. Pour batter into prepared pan and sprinkle with remaining packet of oatmeal. Bake in preheated oven for 60 minutes, until a toothpick inserted into center of the loaf comes out clean.
Delicious!! I made a few changes. I also greased the pan and dusted it with cinnamon instead of flour. Instead of using chunky applesauce, I put in 1 Granny Smith apple (peeled and chopped) and 1/2 cup of cinnamon flavored applesauce. I added 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg and 1/4 teas. clove and put 1 1/2 packets of the oatmeal in the mix. Finally, I mixed 1/8 cup packed brown sugar with 1 teas. melted butter, 1 teas. flour and the remaining half a packet of oatmeal and sprinkled this on top. SO YUMMY!!! It's still baking but I thought it was way too much sugar I added 1/2 cup only,  added more crushed up apples instead)) and of course sprinkled with hemp, chia and sunflower seeds 😋 Excellent texture & taste, my family loved the flavor. definitely will bake this recipe again. So easy, so moist and delicious. I also add a 1/4 tsp of pumpkin pie spice and 1/4 cup of golden raisins. Basically a very good recipe.  I made the following changes.  This was for 2 loaves:3/8 CUP BUTTER,  1 CUP CHOPPED APPLES, 4 TEASPOONS OF CINNAMON,  1-1/4 CUPS RAW SUGAR,  used WHOLE WHEAT WHITE FLOUR,  1 CUP OATMEAL.  I was going for  a less fat, less sugar, whole grain feel.  I think it worked very well.  Sweet enough and the chopped apples are great!  Very yummy! This bread turned out great!  I made a few adjustments based on the notes of others. I used 1 cup white sugar and 1 cup brown sugar. All whole wheat flower. I added almond extract and sliced almonds instead of vanilla and walnuts. I threw in a bit of coconut, 1/2 cup of oats, and a few shakes of poppy seeds. It’s delicious! It was a little dry around the edges. But otherwise good. So Good!  You really taste the oatmeal and the cinnamon and the apple doesn't get lost at all.  I didn't have chunky applesauce so I grated one apple and mixed with 1/2 c regular sauce and I only kept back 1/2 packet of oatmeal for the topping which I mixed with a bit of butter and sugar. I love this recipe easy.  Made for work.  They loved it without butter!!! It is a great recipe never found one like it!
