Simple Baked Chicken Breasts
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/240208/simple-baked-chicken-breasts/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Rub chicken breasts with olive oil and sprinkle both sides with salt and Creole seasoning. Place chicken in a broiler pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven for 10 minutes. Flip chicken and cook until no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 15 minutes more. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove chicken to a plate. Pour chicken broth into the pan and scrape any browned bits off the bottom with a flat-edged wooden spatula. Add more broth if needed to dislodge the browned bits, but not too much or it will be watery. otdash Meredith Food Studio To serve, drizzle the pan sauce over the chicken. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
Creole seasoning...In a medium bowl combine paprika, dried oregano, ground black pepper, dried basil, kosher salt, cayenne pepper, granulated onion, dried thyme, and granulated garlic. Stir to combine. Store in an airtight container for up to three months. white slime all over the chicken breasts how do i avoid it I  added  different seasonings for preference,  but wow, super easy, and delicious.  Thank you! Did not have creole seasoning but I had Trader Joe’s spicy Italian spice. It was excellent. I didn’t have any Creole seasoning so I substituted McCormick’s Kickin’ Chicken spice blend. The chicken was moist and delicious with a nice amount of heat. We’ll definitely have this again! I substituted some things. I used chili powder instead of cajun. I went with black pepper and salt. Seared well in cast iron and baked for 20 minutes. So Good! I love how easy and fast. Great for a busy work night My wife kicked me out because I bought a $22,000 vacuum cleaner, so I made this while staying at my buddy Burt's apartment. He does not have an oven, so I microwaved it on high instead. I love it
