Kalua Pig in a Slow Cooker
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/24035/kalua-pig-in-a-slow-cooker/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pierce pork all over with a carving fork; rub in salt then liquid smoke. Transfer pork into a slow cooker. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cover, and cook on Low for 16 to 20 hours, turning once during cooking time. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove pork from slow cooker; shred with two forks, adding drippings as needed to moisten. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Very good recipe! Couldn't tell much of a difference in the traditional "pig" and this recipe. Only thing I did differently was to slice open a banana (leave in the peel) and set it on top of the roast while it cooks to give it the taste of actually being wrapped in banana leaves prior to cooking it underground (make sure you remove the banana after the pig is fully cooked). Sounds weird, but this gives the pig a very SLIGHT sweet taste which the islands are famous for. After shredding the meat and removing the fat from the juice, I added 1 more tsp of liquid smoke and let the pig cook in it's juice for 1 hour more. Perfect pig!!! Served with the Hawaiian Cold Slaw from this site (which was a perfect complement to the meal) and Sweet Hawaiian bread rolls. If you close your eyes and listen you'd swear you could hear the waves on the beach, smell the lightly scented breeze in the palms, and feel the sand between your toes. This recipe is that good!! Thanks so much to Kikuchan for submitting it!!! Very easy instructions and it turned out incredible! Based on a tip posted, I added a banana spilt down the middle and placed skin side down on the top of the meat before cooking. I also added a tablespoon of liquid smoke  after I to pulled the pork and placed it back into the crockpot for 4 hours.  I served this with the Hawaiian coleslaw (recipe posted on this site) and grilled pineapple spears. I started the crockpot at 10pm and cooked it on low until 4pm. it's an ok recipe but missing the brown sugar and black pepper (part of the rub) Great recipe! Added 1/2 cup apple juice and a halved banana on top. Pulled the meat out to shred, removed the juice and put in the fridge to separate the fat out, and added juice and shredded meat back to crockpot for another hour. I ordered Alaea red sea salt, which is infused with Alaea red clay, and since I forgot to buy liquid smoke, I rubbed the roast with paprika.  I also cooked it in my instant pot with the least amount of water.  It was AMAZING!  This will be in our regular rotation of meals from now on.  One bite, and it became our family's favorite way to cook pork roast. What a great find! I made it as described, but followed some of the other user notes, which definitely made a difference:1) When I put the roast in the slow cooker, I added about a half a cup of apple juice to ensure there was plenty of moisture while cooking. It also adds a nice flavor to a pork roast.2) Split a banana (skin on) and put it on top of the roast while cooking. When it came time to turn it over at the midpoint, I took it out, flipped the roast and put it back on top. As several other users noted, it imparted that slight aroma of banana leaves, just like an authentic luau pig.3) Cooking on Low for 20 hours would have definitely been too much. I followed the advice of some others and first put it on Low for about 3 hours to bring it to temp, then turned it down to Warm. When I flipped it at the halfway point, I turned it back to Low for about an hour to get it back to temp again, then finished it on Warm.4) Once it was done, I pulled it out and cleaned all of the fat prior to shredding with two forks. I poured off all of the juices and put them in the refrigerator to separate the fat and get it to congeal.  I then put it back in the pot with another half cup of apple juice to keep it moist. I left the slow cooker off until the juices were separated. Once the fat had congealed, I pulled it off and poured the juices back into the slow cooker with the roast. I then put it back on Low until we were ready to serve it (another hour or two).It turned out magnificent! Thanks for a great recipe. This is a keeper for sure! I always add crushed pineapple to mine.  I like the sweeter flavor.  Also, Costco has a Hawaiian BBQ sauce which give the pork an extra kick. This is our go to recipe for roast pork and it is perfect as written. It is also amazing to use leftovers for Cuban sandwiches or you can add some Pennsylvania Dutch to it and have it with Sauerkraut and mashed potatoes. Never disappoints. I make this for myself!! Love the flavor!! I have made Kalua Pig in slow cooker since I moved from Hawaii 20 years ago. The 16 hours is real. It's what it takes to get the luscious pull apart meat. I was taught to add Worcestershire sauce as well. Sometimes I add pieces of ginger.Solid recipe!!
