Tuna and Vegetable Casserole
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/240468/tuna-and-vegetable-casserole/
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook egg noodles in boiling water, occasionally stirring until cooked through but firm to the bite, about 5 minutes. Drain. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Combine green beans, squash, peas, and carrots in a microwave-safe glass or ceramic bowl; cook until tender, 3 to 10 minutes. Rinse vegetables with cold water and drain. Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium-high heat; sauté mushrooms in hot oil until tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Whisk mushroom soup and milk together in a large bowl; add vegetables, mushrooms, tuna, onion, and Cheddar cheese. Mix in Worcestershire sauce, salt, and black pepper. Pour mixture into a casserole dish and top with French fried onions. Bake in the preheated oven until bubbling, about 20 minutes.
Tuna & Vegetable Casserole Haiku: "This is unlike me, TOO many vegetables, in this casserole." The poor tuna got lost in all those veggies, and we LOVE veggies in our house. I know that I will make this again (tasted fantastic -- just needed salt when we served it b/c I took the submitter's suggestion and exchanged the french-fried onion for additional grated cheddar on top), but I would reduce the peas/carrots/green beans/zucchini/mushrooms to maybe 1/2 c. each. Oh, and I just mixed frozen peas, carrots and green beans in that way rather than zapping them at all, and when I sauteed the mushroom, I also lightly-sauteed the zucchini and onion. 425 deg for 20 min. started to scorch the cheese and noodles around the edges (a little crusty I'm down w/!) so I think next go-around, I'd go more like 350 covered for 20 min., then uncovered for 10-15 w/ the extra cheese on top. I'm glad that I made this and am able to give it a positive rating to hopefully knock that dopey 1-star review for "not knowing what to do w/ the noodles" - duh! first one ive made, wife said it was great. This was absolutely delicious and I tweaked it a little. Made my own mushroom soup and added the peas in frozen before putting in oven. This has already been  asked for again next week. Thank you for such a good recipe. 👍👍 This is a good basic casserole recipe easy to taylor to your taste. What a great idea. I used chicken breast that I cooked myself while I was sautéing the vegetables. I used 3 cheeses, mozzarella, Parmesan and sharp cheddar. I sautéed all the vegetable to get out as much moisture as possible. Like the use of squash and the French onions on top. Next time I think I will use cream of chicken soup, bread crumb in the mix; and cheese and French onions on top. Also think 425 is to high a temp. Next time I’ll do 350 for 30 or 40 minutes. I really liked this!  I took the suggestions of others and doubled the tuna and subbed cheddar cheese shreds with a bit of breadcrumbs for topping, also adding powdered basil, oregano, and some smoked paprika.  Came out well but could have gone lighter on the paprika.  Possibly cover the top for the first 10 minutes to not dry out the topping and pasta.  With lack of fresh ingredients, I used frozen peas and carrots and for lower carbs, subbed 7oz cooked chickpea fusilli and almond milk. Overall a good concept. I would make it again. The only exception being that I would add the fried onion topping at the very end. Most of my topping was burnt and had to be picked off. I would leave out the fresh mushrooms, they added an odd texture, also definitely more tuna than called for. But it was a recipe really good for a base and to tinker with. Will make again. Very bland and needed more tuna for sure. I don't think it is even worth trying to modify to make it again. Really liked this. However, I did change a few things. I actually disliked it thoroughly and would give it one star  except its blandness may be partially my fault because I did not use solid tuna.  Per comments, I added basil, garlic, and celery seed. It was still painfully bland. I made it because it seemed to have a lot of vegetables, but even that couldn't save it. Plus I didn’t like egg noodles as a base.  I won’t be making this again.
