Vanilla Almond Spiced French Toast
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/240446/vanilla-almond-spiced-french-toast/
Mix together whole milk and brown sugar in a large bowl until combined. Beat together eggs, vanilla extract, almond extract, cinnamon, nutmeg, and allspice in a separate bowl until eggs are well beaten; add to milk mixture and stir to dissolve brown sugar. Heat a nonstick skillet or griddle over medium-low heat. Set 1 slice Texas toast into milk mixture; let soak until moistened, about 10 seconds per side. Cook dipped toast in the preheated skillet until the bottom is golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes; flip toast and continue cooking until the other side is browned, 3 to 5 minutes more. Repeat dipping and cooking remaining bread slices.
Love this! But I tweaked it a bit. Did not add allspice and cut nutmeg in half. The allspice I didn't have and the nutmeg is not my favorite so I always cut it. Next time I would pop it in the oven to finish cooking the middle. Reduce the milk to 1/4 cup and don't soak for 10 seconds per side, but rather, just dip to coat... unless you're into having to burn your french toast and the middle still be soggy. I have never heard of using so much milk and soaking so long. Otherwise, the spice and extract blend is a lovely combination. This is the best French toast I’ve ever had! Followed directions exactly as written. One of my favorites now for breakfast or any time I just want something yummy. Thank you for this recipe. The family loved the addition of the Almond Extract, allspice and nutmeg. I made this recipe KetoBakes friendly by substituting Swerve Brown Sugar and Aunt Millie’s Carb Smart White Bread. Definitely will make this a regular. Thanks! I've saved a lot of money by learning how to make this, I haven't had French Toast in a while and wanted to make it myself. Very delicious. This recipe is delicious. My daughter loves it and she is one touch cookie. yes,  i added a garnish Very easy and delicious French toast recipe. As others have said, it's just sweet enough that you don't need syrup or dusting sugar. I served this to my family on our family trip.  More than half of them came back for seconds.  The ONLY thing I did differently was I only soaked the bread for a few seconds on each side because I didn't want it to be too sweet.  I served it with fresh strawberries and whipped cream with a side of crispy bacon.  Oh, and of course syrup!  This meal was a big hit with my family.  Thank you for sharing this delicious recipe! No changes, made as directed. Turned out to be the best French Toast I’ve ever made. The family loved it!!!
