Easy Rib Eye Roast
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/240522/easy-rib-eye-roast/
Gather all ingredients and preheat the oven to 500 degrees F (260 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Beat butter and garlic together in a bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Poke several holes in rib eye with a sharp knife. Rub butter mixture all over meat and season with salt and pepper. Place rib eye fat-side up in a roasting pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Roast in the preheated oven for 20 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Reduce heat to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) and continue cooking until rib eye is reddish-pink and juicy in the center, 1 1/2 to 2 hours. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center will read 145 degrees F (63 degrees C) for medium. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
This is great. I added my own usual routine... some rosemary, beef broth I'm the bottom of the dish, maybe a few other things if I'm feeling it. Cooked at 500 for 20 minutes then 1 hour, then 20 more minutes after checking it. (I check it by cutting, because I don't trust using only a thermometer). Just cook it longer the more done you want it. Easy p easy and super delicious. Thanks for helping with my cook time and such :). Cooked with mashed sallys spinach mashed potatoes, a salad, and au jus gravy with mushrooms and buscuits. Crab dip for an appetizer and apple crisp for dessert. Happy Christmas eve! I'm just asking this to clarify for myself. The recipe doesn't say anything about flipping the roast over when it has cooked for x amount of time. So, do you rub the butter mixture just on the top or all over? Thanks. I'm a newbie cook here. I haven't tried this yet, but dang, it looks yummy. It's going on the menu next week. Please someone help with my question. I had made prime rib this way for longer then I can remember. It works but often leaves the roast tough. For the past 7 years I have used my sous vide to cook the roast and the oven to crust it up. The meat is always perfect I used my smoker. Delicious skipped the salt and added cracked rosemary to the butter along with copious garlic I will try this, but my recipe method is to let the roast get to room temp  for 5 minutes for each # it is. Put oven on for 500, place rib in for 5-6 minutes each #. Then turn off the oven, and DO NOT OPEN THE DOOR of the oven for 2 hours. Open it up, and MR every time!!!  I usually just cover with fresh ground black pepper, garlic powder and kosher salt. I like the butter and garlic on this one but will add rosemary and thyme. This is a really good recipe. I add a bit of granulated onion and some thyme, and I roast it at 300F. For ALL of the naysayers that only gave this 1 star because their STEAKS were burnt ....... Try reading the recipe! This is for a ROAST! NOT STEAKS!Mr. Flying 'step-by-step' Hippy says he took his out of a 375F oven ...... it clearly states 325F,AND you referred to 'ribeyes' implying you cooked steaks too.You folks that cooked steak should be giving yourself 1 star for not following the recipe!
