Easy Slow Cooker Chicken and Dumplings
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/240587/easy-slow-cooker-chicken-and-dumplings/
Whisk water, poultry seasoning, salt, and black pepper together in a bowl; add chicken to the bowl and turn to coat. Pour 1/2 of the chicken broth into a slow cooker; add chicken and poultry seasoning mixture. Layer onion, carrots, and celery, respectively, over chicken. Dot butter over vegetables; pour both condensed soups and remaining broth over vegetables, then sprinkle rosemary on top. Cook on High for 3 ½ to 4 ½ hours. Remove chicken from slow cooker and shred with two forks; return chicken to slow cooker. Add biscuit dough pieces to the chicken mixture. Cook on High for 1 ½ hours.
Really really good! I used almost a whole can of broth. The directions didn't seen to say at what point to add other half of broth. I put it all in at start. Only other minor change was to add a bunch of frozen peas at the time I put the biscuits in. Family devoured! Even pickiest complainer loved it. Thanks! (I Cooked biscuit/dumplings a bit over 1 hr and they wre done) Followed to a T.  Great flavor.  The only thing I’d do different next time is cut the biscuit dough smaller and not use the entire can, as the dumplings are very filling. Definitely making this dish again! This recipe is quite easy and looks and smells yummy.  To me it needs a little more flavor though. Next time I will season the chicken with garlic salt or powder and will add some thyme to see if that helps. I used cream of Mushroom soup for more flavour and used Greek Spice mixture instead of the poultry spice combo.  You already have the chicken and chicken broth why not mix it up.  I added corn and peas as well and made basmati rice in a separate pot to ladle the chicken and dumplings over. This was delicious!!  I added an extra teaspoon of poultry seasoning and doubled or more of the broth. After 3 1/2 hrs, I was able to shred the chicken.  I added some frozen lima beans at the time I added the biscuits. Wonderful meal with plenty of leftovers. I love chicken and dumplings soup so much and this was my first go at making it myself! Considering that fact, it was a total success. Next time I make it, I am going to tweak a couple of things. I think both cans of condensed soup was too much thickness, so I will go down to just the 1 cream of chicken can, and supplement the second can with an extra full sodium chicken broth. I also don't love the additive flavors and softer texture that come with the canned biscuit, so I might use a mix next time. Probably more time-consuming, but potentially worth having a denser texture with fewer additives. The soup is delightful regardless and I'm excited to celebrate fall with it. This is a family go to. We love the way it makes the house smell and the fabulous taste. We really enjoy the biscuits as the dumplings.Just delicious. Great, great basic recipe. To jazz it up I've learned to add extra poultry seasoning, a bit of garlic, and whatever fresh Italian herbs I have growing. It's also versatile - if I don't have cream of celery, cream of mushroom works just fine. Extra carrots, onion, it's really forgiving  around the basic ingredients. The whole family loves this recipe, as stated or slightly modified! We loved this recipe, tasted much like chicken pot pie.  Only suggestion is add more carrots, probably double as they were pretty sparse. So easy! Perfect for a snowstorm day. Used 3 large chicken breast skinless, boneless seasoned with poultry seasoning, salt and pepper . Used water with an added pack of chicken gravy. Used 3 medium onions, baby carrots and one stick of celery. Not a fan of cooked celery  Next time will use whole carrots.  The Baby carrots have a certain taste when cooked due to the water in the bag . Added can of Cream of Mushroom and Cream of Chicken, chicken broth. Liked the dried rosemary . Used canned biscuits 16 oz . Thought they were kinda of bland, next time will try Bisquick seasoned with dried rosemary. Came out creamy  My husband hates chicken pot pie, said this was a keeper and excellent. May add sugar snap peas last hour for more color.
