Traditional Gyros
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/240559/traditional-gyros/
Place onion in a food processor and finely chop. Transfer onion to a piece of cheesecloth and squeeze out the liquid. Place onion in a large bowl. Mix lamb, beef, garlic, oregano, cumin, marjoram, thyme, rosemary, black pepper, and salt with the onion using your hands until well mixed. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate until flavors blend, about 2 hours. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Place meat mixture in a food processor and pulse until finely chopped and tacky, about 1 minute. Pack meat mixture into a 7x4-inch loaf pan, ensuring there are no air pockets. Place the loaf pan into a roasting pan and pour enough boiling water around the loaf pan to reach halfway up the sides for a water bath. Bake in the preheated oven until no longer pink in the center, 45 to 60 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Pour off any accumulated fat and cool slightly. Thinly slice the cooked gyro meat loaf. Spread 1 tablespoon hummus onto each pita bread. Then top each with some of the gyro meat slices, shredded lettuce, tomato slices, red onion slices, feta cheese crumbles, and 2 tablespoons tzatziki sauce to complete each sandwich.
I've always wondered how to make that meat that they use in gyros, and I'm glad that I found this recipe. The meat in the gyro "kits" that I usually buy is SO greasy, that I would only buy them on a rare occasion. I really enjoyed making these, and knowing what was going into it. I did need to bake it for close to an hour and a half to get to 165 degrees. Other than that, I followed the recipe. I made Tzatziki Sauce I (also from this site), and they turned out really good. Thanks for sharing BetterCookingForSingleFathers! not enough flavor and dry.  the solid chunk did not hold well when cutting. was like dry meatloaf.  will definitely add more salt, probably twice as much spice and try grilling next time. family loved it with my homemade  tzatziki sauce, greek salad and basmati, lentil rice I made. Followed the recipe for the meat and loved it!  I did not follow the cooking instructions, I secured it and grilled it and it turned out amazing. The whole family loved it! Want to make ASAP sounds fantastic, I love gyro's!!!! My question is regarding the ground beef.  What ratio of fat is everyone using OR what is the ratio the recipe is suppose to be. 90/10 85/15 80/20??????     Thank you for the help :) Very good , what I did was did 1.5 of the spices to give it more flavor and I did a overnight in the fridge , came out soo good !! I also put some weight on it at the end. Really good. Skipped the cheesecloth in step 1 and skipped step 4 since both meats were already ground, not sure what value (and another dirty dish) this step would add? That being said, in my oven, this took an hour and a half to get to temp (165).  Is that the secret?? Maybe. I was checking every 10 min, and suddenly! It was 175! Yikes! So now a tad dried out but not deducting stars as that is on me.  And once everything was in a pita with all the toppings? Couldn’t tell it was a bit over cooked. Good flavor and while hard to slice a meatloaf thinly, this was a good recipe! Made Tzatziki Sauce by Dinah from this site and wow! A filling meal. I would make this again. Fun and glad we tried! Thanks BetterCookingForSingleFathers!! Fun! Didn't have any Hummus. How does that change the taste? delicious!! I think it needs more of the spices. But, it was really good and I will make it again with more lamb meat.
