Alysia's Basic Meat Lasagna
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/24074/alysias-basic-meat-lasagna/
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Make the sauce: Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion and garlic; cook and stir until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add ground beef and garlic powder; cook and stir until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain and discard grease. Add spaghetti sauce, tomato sauce, and oregano; cover and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes. Make the lasagna: Mix mozzarella and provolone together in a medium bowl. Mix ricotta, milk, eggs, and oregano together in another bowl. Ladle sauce (just enough to cover) into the bottom of a 9x13-inch baking dish. Layer sauce with three lasagna noodles, more sauce, ricotta mixture, and mozzarella mixture; repeat once more using all of remaining cheese mixtures. Layer with remaining three lasagna noodles and remaining sauce, then sprinkle Parmesan over top. Cover and bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes. Uncover and continue to bake until cheese is melted and top is golden, about 15 minutes longer.
I made this recipe tonight as my first attempt at making lasagna for my husband. After reading the other reviews, I followed their advice and doubled the amount of sauce to two jars. I also kicked up the garlic a tiny bit and used a combo of ground beef and ground, Italian sausage. I found real, block provolone and shredded that, but I'm sure that it would have worked to simply dice up some sliced provolone from the deli, if necessary. To save the mess of an extra pan to clean, I first sautéed the garlic and onions, then transferred them to the saucepot. After browning the meat and draining it, I added the sauce and meat combo to the garlic & onions. I also precooked the noodles about 5-6 minutes so that they wouldn't soak up too much of the sauce, and baked for 35 minutes covered and 20 minutes uncovered. Perfect! I was worried the whole time that the noodles wouldn't cook properly, or that it would dry out, but it didn't need any extra sauce on the side since I'd doubled the amount to begin with. The addition of sausage and second jar of sauce was key. Can't wait to have leftovers! Thanks for this great recipe! Our new favorite Lasagna Recipe! I made this exactly as written, except I used half basil, half oregano where it called for oregano. (Just because I dislike oregano and love basil.) It was great, and exactly what I wanted. My family are fans. Pretty good. Pic is from the very first time I made it but have made a few other times. I am not much of a cook lol This is an amazing recipe and I followed it exactly as mentioned.  It was my first time making lasagna and my family and I loved it! Yummy! Everyone liked it and will add this to the dinner rotation! Used 1 lb Hamburg and 1/2 lb sweet Italian sausage because that’s what I had in the freezer.  Used 1.5 jars of pasta sauce because I didn’t have any tomato sauce. It was easy and everyone loved it I’ve been making this lasagna for the past 10 years. My family loves it, I love it.  A must try for sure. This lasagne was delicious. I took the advice of others & doubled the amount of sauce.  I will definately make it again. I wanted to do something special for my 'manfriend' (as my daughter calls him) for Valentine's Day and lasagna is one of his favorite meals.  I tried it long time ago and it turned out very badly.  I decided to look for another recipe and found this one.  It was WONDERFUL!!!  I did take a tip from some of the reviews and used two jars of spaghetti sauce instead of one.  I also used way more cheese than called for but, I love cheese!  Next time, to save time and pans to clean, I will combine the meat (I used ground turkey instead of ground beef) sauce, onions, seasonings and minced garlic in the same pan.  The only other thing I did different was bake it a little longer after uncovering it.  I baked it for about 30 minutes instead of 15 and it turned out great.  He loved it and said it was better then some restaurants.  Thanks for the amazing recipe.  I will definitely be making it again.
