Butter Flaky Pie Crust
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/24094/butter-flaky-pie-crust/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine flour and salt in a large bowl. Use a pasty blender to cut in chilled, diced butter until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add 1 tablespoon cold water at a time, mixing with a spatula or your hands until the dough comes together; you may need less than 1/4 cup water. otdash Meredith Food Studio Shape dough into a disc, wrap in plastic, and refrigerate for at least 4 hours or overnight. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place chilled dough on a generously floured surface and roll out to an 11-inch circle, adding more flour to your rolling pin as needed. otdash Meredith Food Studio Carefully roll dough onto the rolling pin, then unroll over a 9-inch pie dish. Press dough evenly into the bottom and sides of the dish. Trim any excess dough and flute the edges. otdash Meredith Food Studio Blind-bake or fill and bake as directed in your pie recipe. otdash Meredith Food Studio Enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
Excellent crust! I've made this crust many times, and I finally mastered the techniques to make it flaky (not recipe's fault but b/c inexperience). Previously, I over-worked the dough, used too much water, and/or didn't keep the dough cold enough, which made the crust tough and soggy. Tips: keep it cold & work it sparingly. Chill water in the freezer until ice crystals begin to form. Cut very cold UNSALTED butter into cubes & cut it in the flour & salt with a pastry blender (or pulse in food processor) until it resembles coarse crumbs. Transfer to large bowl & gently toss water into crumbs 1 tsp at a time with a fork. Do not use food processor to incorporate water - it's too easy to overwork the dough. The dough should have small bits of butter - this makes the crust flaky. Cool off hands under cold water, pat dry, gather the crumbs into a flattened ball, wrap in plastic, and refrigerate. Refrigeration is necessary b/c it allows the gluten to relax and prevent shrinkage. You may need to roll out the dough twice. First roll out is usually crumbly, uneven, and has large breaks. Gently gather in edges to form another ball, flip it smooth side up, and roll out again. Smooth, round, even crust should be easier the second roll out. See pics of the process. Worked a dream as written!  Thank you! I remember making this in home economics class loooong time ago (68') LOL, and this brought me back when I first made it. Loved it then and now. Since then,  I have learned to tweak it, or prepare it in different ways. My favorite time to eat it is for breakfast, where I make it into a complete meals. I diced chilled salted butter (even though not recommended) then used a pastry blender as directed.  I ended up adding about 1/8 cup of chilled water to bring it together then chilled for 4 hours.  I rolled up excess dough into pencil size and fluted it around edges of pie plate.  Absolutely heavenly pie crust!  I can't believe it was so easy! Turned out great and I love that the instructions have pictures! I've been using it for several years and it is the best!! I double recipe for 2 crust pie. I also use my Ninja food processor which really cuts down on the effort!! It works best if you knead the crust a little after taking it out of the refrigerator. This this lovely flaky pie crust is good for sweet and savory. Very nice, reliable recipe. It helps to reduce the handling of the dough, if you freeze the butter cubes first then use a food processer to pulse it into the flour/salt,  then pat it out into a very flat disk shape, wrap and refrigerate for four hours. Then, roll it , place it into the pie tin,  crimp the crust, and refrigerate again until needed. Some bakers freeze their crusts for a bit first, too. This works for me every time for a flaky crust.
