Easy Microwave Chocolate Mug Cake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/241038/microwave-chocolate-mug-cake/
Mix flour, sugar, cocoa powder, baking soda, and salt together in a large microwave-safe mug; stir in milk, canola oil, water, and vanilla extract. Cook in the microwave until cake is done in the middle, about 1 minute 45 seconds.
This cake helped me out of a dire situation today. I was DESPERATE for chocolate cake, but as I'm the only chocolate lover in the family I needed something small. Not that I'm incapable of eating an entire two layer fudge bomb, but I was afraid I'd get caught in the act and would have to live with the shame. This was just what I was looking for...fudgy goodness in a sane quantity. I made it in a smallish bowl instead of a mug and was glad I did. If you have a large jumbo mug it should work, but it would have spilled over any of my regular ones. I added a bit of cinnamon and a handful of chocolate chips, microwaving it for about 2 minutes and 15 seconds, opening the door and checking a few times during the last 45 seconds or so. Even with all that checking it still turned out perfectly! Completely overflowed out of the cup, and was basically just oil. Needs way less oil and maybe a soup bowl. Was not edible. Used a large soup mug because other reviews complained of overspill. I thought it was perfect! I added chocolate chips. Delicious. Amazing! Made it in a bowl instead of a mug and added a splash of extra mug (didn’t have any canola oil so used olive)Cooked for one minute 45 seconds in a microwave with a plate covering it and it was lovely. Added powdered sugar and chocolate syrup too! Definitely will make again. I added pecans, mini marshmallows, and mini chocolate chips. I used the unsweetened cocoa power from the brand Hershey. Taste great Do yourself a favor and use Dutch cocoa! Omg absolutely decadent. I used a touch less sugar and added a tablespoon of honey. So delicious. My go to quick mug cake I made this cake on a whim during quarantine in my area. I like the flavor and texture of this cake. It's light and moist with a rich chocolate flavor. This is a bowl cake, not a mug cake. I made it in a glass food storage bowl, and it turned out well. Thanks to previous reviews, I did not have a mess in my microwave.I made this cake again with coconut flakes and substituted baking soda for baking powder which worked well. I like making this cake in a round, glass container. This is a fantastic portion for a pair on date night or for me to eat and wash up on my own before my household knows that there is cake in the house. Turned out awsome. Cooked it in a small/medium pyrex dish. Did not cook it the whole 1min 45 sec. Topped it with hot fudge, ice cream and whipped cream. The family loved it! This is the first mug cake I've ever made. It's a very simple, light, fluffy chocolate cake. Modifications: In my microwave it needs about 1 min 15s, I did 1 min 30s and it was a bit dry. I took another reviewers advice and halved the sugar, which I think was a good call. The only milk I had was vanilla soymilk, so I used that and halved the vanilla extract.I'm excited to play around with it, adding flavors and complexity. All in all, it's a very good starting point. I'll be tweaking extra ingredients and milk and oil to get a moister, spongier, more interesting cake. so good! i recommend putting nutella on top as ‘icing’ and only cooking in the microwave for 1:30 tops. I’ve tried this with vegetable oil and again with olive oil and I’ve determined that you definitely can use any oil you want for this. 10/10 recommend! This is rich and wonderful! The chocolate flavor is amazing. I used Ghiradelli brand unsweetened cocoa powder to make it decadent. Superb! Thanks! Not GoodI cooked it for said amount of time and started overflowing so i took some out. Then cooked it for another minute and it still didn’t cook. Wast of ingredients Used 4 tablespoons of milk, on accident. Added chocolate syrup instead of chocolate chips and added sprinkles,  because it was for a child. It was delicious. The people who are saying this is bad or doesn't work either didn't measure correctly or don't know mug cakes.First, never make a mug cake with a small/normal mug!  Get a big mug, like those big coffee shop latte mugs.  I think the one I use holds about 2-3 cups.  They rise, expect it to at least  double.A couple people complained about salt. It's not salty.  I think they must have used 1/4 teaspoon, not 1/8th.  Most people aren't going to have a spoon that will measure that small.  I use a 1/4 teaspoon, and eyeball half of that.  If you don't have that, I'd recommend 1-2 big pinches.  And make sure you're using teaspoon, not table!  You need 2 spoons for measuring.  Also, if you are using self-rising flour, leave out both the salt and baking soda.  If you use self-rising and salt, it probably will be salty.Every microwave is different!  Start at 1 minute, check it, and go from there.  I have a weaker microwave, and I think it took about 1:30.  But I like to pull it when it's still a little gooey.  It's very important to not overcook!  Mug cakes become rubbery easily.I love this recipe.  It scratches the itch for something warm and chocolatey, and I don't have to keep sweets on hand that I might binge.  It's quick, easy, and delicious! I thought the recipe was really good and you can use almond flour instead of all-purpose flour and I recommend lowering the amount of canola oil to probably one tablespoon because 2 tablespoons seemed like it really overpowered the flavor but other than that it was really good and the perfect satisfaction in my cravings I replaced the canola oil with sunflower oil and it came out amazing, so easy and delicious. It's still delicious even after it has been refrigerated. I’ve tried a lot of different mug cake recipes and this one is by far the best tasting and yields the fluffiest cake. I’ll be making this one again. It grows a lot thanks to the baking soda so use a big mug.
