Easy Garlic Kale
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/241074/easy-garlic-kale/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Soak kale leaves in a large bowl of water until dirt and sand begin to fall to the bottom, about 2 minutes. Lift kale from the bowl without drying the leaves and immediately remove and discard stems. Chop the kale leaves into 1-inch pieces. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat; cook and stir garlic until sizzling, about 1 minute. Add kale to the skillet and place a cover over the top. Cook, stirring occasionally with tongs, until kale is bright green and slightly tender, 5 to 7 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
I love kale, so, this simple recipe was right up my alley! I tasted the kale after sauteing for 7 minutes and it wasn't quite tender, so, I added a little chicken broth and covered so the kale would braise for 4-5 minutes. I let the broth cook off and the kale was perfectly tender for our taste. I always sprinkle a little red wine vinegar on top of my kale at the end and it gives it a bright flavor. Thanks for the recipe! I'm new to kale so I appreciated the description on how to clean it and cut it. So easy to do and very tasty. I added salt and pepper but otherwise followed the directions as posted. This taste really good, I put some broccoli 🥦 in it, and some onions chopped, and cooked, and seasonings,I tried the recipe because I didn't have certain ingredients for another recipe, so I cook this recipe, and it was really good. The kale should be blanched with boiling water before sautéing.  It will lose that " I'm eating tree leaves" feeling and be much more tender. I like to saute  mine with some onion as well. Just made this with the garlic, olive oil and balsamic. I walked away from it for a minute and it overcooked and went crunchy. Discovered that I love crunchy kale. Thank you for the recipe, which turned out memph BUT,  I added Italian seasoned beef broth toward end and simmered a little more, sprinkled with good old table salt and squeezed 1/2 a lime over it when plated, absolute heaven!!! Yum, yum, yum.  Served with a broiled steak - out of this world delighted!  (I had never made kale before this.) I made no changes, just added a lil salt, pepper, and chili pepper. Magnificent,  ty. A very simple recipe - and simple is good!! I made as written but next time, will take some other reviews into account - such as some different (spicier) seasoning and/or adding some Parmesan or even perhaps some orzo. Is this good?? Yes! Is this wow? For me and my husband- no. But!!! We did enjoy it with the rest of our dinner. Thank you WHIRLEDPEAS! Delicious and simple! Cooked exactly per the recipe and both myself and husband loved it. This is the second time I've made this.  My husband and I had never had kale.  We love spinach cooked this way and thought this made sense.  It was really good...I did add some red pepper flakes for kick. I've added it to my vegetable repertoire.
