Protein Waffles
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/241252/protein-waffles/
Preheat a waffle iron according to manufacturer's instructions. Blend oats, cottage cheese, eggs, egg whites, honey, vanilla extract, and cinnamon in a blender until creamy. Ladle batter into preheated waffle iron according to manufacturer directions and cook the waffles until golden and crisp, about 5 minutes. Repeat until entire batch of batter is used.
Very good. But a bit rubbery the first time around. The second time I added 1/2 tsp baking powder and they fluffed up - rubbery texture GONE. I mix up the spices sometimes. Even with the sodium content of the cottage cheese I still add about 1/8 to 1/4 tsp salt to improve the flavor. I use whole eggs to avoid waste. I also blend the oatmeal FIRST to make it more flour-like. I remove the oatmeal flour, then blend the wet ingredients and add the oatmeal back in a little at a time so it doesn't stick in blobs around the edges. Easy and tasty. Light and fluffy. 1/2 Cup each oatmeal, cottage cheese, 2 eggs, 1/2 tsp vanilla,1/2 tsp baking powder, 1/2 tbsp olive oil, dash of saltBlended well in a blender.  Made 3 1/4 waffles.Tasted like waffles made with flour. Took the basic recipe and based on the many positive reviews, added 1 tsp each of baking powder, vanilla and cinnamon; I did forget to  add a pinch of salt but will next time. Easy to make, easy to eat. Heartier than a standard waffle. Thank you for a great recipe! I’ve been looking for this recipe my whole life! I suffer major energy crash after eating waffles or pancakes, even after switching to gluten free recipes. These were perfect! I felt great after eating… not sleepy. The batter is very thin with the following changes: add 1 tbsp butter/coconut oil, 4 whole eggs instead of 2 plus whites. Like other reviewers, I blended oatmeal into flour, set aside, added back into blended wet ingredients to prevent gumming up on the bottom of the blender. Though the batter looked very thin, they cooked up and browned beautifully in my waffle iron set to 2 even without baking powder. Not rubbery, and not mealy. Perfect amount of cinnamon and I added a touch of salt. Thanks for a great recipe!!! I can’t wait to make this for guests. Like the high protein but the taste leaves much to be desired. Can use more eggs instead of egg whites. Put all ingredients in vitamix. Carson ate 3 3/20/22 I love these waffles for the protein-carb ratio. My daughter loves them because they are gluten free and delicious. So very easy to make, and they taste great. I have made them as is, and they are fine, although a little heavy and moist. I started adding 1/4 teaspoon baking soda and 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar, and they fluff up with a slightly crispy crust--just the way I like them. I tweaked this with phenomenal success.3 whole eggs1 tsp baking powder 1 tbl melted butter Light, fluffy and delicious. I also liberally sprayed the waffle iron with nonstick spray and they popped right out.  Thanks! I am not a fan of cottage cheese but this was really good and the whole family loved it.
