Baked Italian Chicken Dinner
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/241287/baked-italian-chicken-dinner/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray a 13x9-inch baking dish with cooking spray. Layer chicken, broccoli, and potatoes evenly into the prepared baking dish in the order listed. Drizzle melted butter over the top. Sprinkle with Italian dressing mix. Bake in the preheated oven until chicken is cooked through and potatoes are tender, 45 to 60 minutes.
Read the reviews first, so made these changes: added chicken and potatoes to pan along with about 1c broth, italian seasoning and 1Tbsp Seasoned salt, then butter. Covered with foil and baked 20 min at 400, then added fresh broccoli florets and mushrooms cut in half. Reduced temp to 350, baked for 20 min covered. Uncovered and stirred, baked 20 min more. Served over noodles tossed with butter and Parmesan and baguette. the first recipe we bees have ever attempted. simple and quick for bees that have never cooked before, such as bees in college. exchanged the broccoli for green beans. we make this when we don't have time to real cook Too much butter I made this recipe while staying at an Airbnb. Instead of Italian dressing, I used garlic powder, salt, pepper, and Italian seasoning.  I put everything on a large baking sheet and roasted it.  Turned out great! I used a sweet onion instead of potatoes and served it with noodles. The buttery pan juices were yummy on the noodles. I used skinless, boneless chicken thighs and diced yellow potatoes. Based off of previous reviews, I steamed fresh broccoli separately and added seasonings to the chicken and potatoes. It was delicious! I changed it almost completely because I didn’t have the Italian dressing mix, all I had was ranch. So I added that with the chicken, broccoli, brussel sprouts, and onions. I baked for 1 hour and 15 minutes then added one (1) can of drained corn and cooked another 10 minutes @ 350. Made it just a stated and I loved it.  It's a keeper. I was so disapppointed this this recipe...I did modify it but the flavor just wasn't there.  I also had loads of liquid-I presume from the chicken & possibly the frozen broccoli. Sorry, I'll not make this recipe again.
