Delicious Buttermilk Pancakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/24138/buttermilk-pancakes-i/
Preheat a skillet over medium heat. Combine flour, buttermilk, sugar, oil, egg, baking powder, and baking soda in a blender. Purée until smooth. Pour batter onto the hot skillet to form 5 pancakes. Flip pancakes when edges appear to harden. Flip pancakes; cook until the bottoms are golden brown.
Light, fluffy, everything a pancake should be - I cut the sugar down to 2 Tbsp., added 1 tsp. of vanilla, and used 2 Tbsp. of melted butter vs. 1/4 c. of vegetable oil. Had to make sour milk for this one.  Everything else staying the same.  Had to lower the heat on my griddle due to the extra amount of sugar, but these turned out great.  Will make again.  Thanks This recipe is delicious! I folded in some blueberry pie filling into my batter for some flavor and fruitiness. Very light and fluffy pancakes and also very filling.  A win for sure! This was very good.  The reason I'm not giving it a five is because it stuck to the skillet and could have easily burned if I had not been very careful.  It does need a bit of oil underneath.  But it tasted good and was a good texture.  I doubled the recipe to have leftovers.  :~) Loved it! Brought back memories of my grandma’s pancakes! Great success! slightly sweet, nice texture.  These were simply good pancakes! we added a little vanilla. Turned out great! Took the advice from the comments and substituted 2 tbs of butter for oil, switched powdered buttermilk for buttermilk (keeps longer), and let the blender run to smooth.  These are staying on the menu. I made this in a bowl and whisked vs. using a blender. Quick and easy. What a buttermilk pancake should be!  Classic taste and very fluffy.... I prefer thick pancakes so this recipe is great.  Two things I do differently: (1) I add 1/8 cup more buttermilk so the batter flows easier and still have thick pancakes. (2) I use a whisk instead of a blender and stop mixing when it has tiny lumps - the way I combine all my pancake batter.  I've made these several times and we always freeze some for a quick breakfast or snack.
