Fresh Raspberry Sauce
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/241308/fresh-raspberry-sauce/
Combine raspberries, sugar, water, and lemon juice in a saucepan over medium heat; cook and stir until raspberries break down, sugar dissolves, and sauce is heated through, 3 to 7 minutes. Press sauce through a fine-mesh strainer to remove seeds. Cool to room temperature; cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until chilled, at least 45 minutes. i
The sauce was fresh, smooth and addictive!1. Because the berries vary in sweetness as well as personal preferences vary, I suggest only adding half the sugar in the beginning. After 4-5 minutes, taste for sweetness. If more sugar is needed add a tablespoon at a time until satisfied.2. Add a small pinch of salt.3. Refrain from adding water until the raspberries release their juices, then add a tablespoon of water until the desired consistency is reached.4. This sauce would be fantastic in savory dishes. Just reduce the amount of sugar. Perhaps add herbs and spices to make it even more special. I don't strain out the seeds.  Everyone loves it.  Also, this last time I made it I used Monk Fruit sugar for a non-sugar option.  Tasted great like it had sugar in it.  No artificial taste. Love this raspberry sauce! So easy to make, and such bright flavor. My only substitution was to use maple syrup in place of white sugar, and I left out the water like Chef John suggested for a thicker sauce. I love how the raspberry flavor is front and center, and that the sauce isn't too sweet. Thanks for the recipe, Chef John! I used a 24oz frozen bag of raspberries. By the time, I strained off the thousands and thousands of seeds, I had about a 1/3-1/4 cup of sauce. I have not idea what happened. It did taste wonderful! Very easy and delicious! I left out the water for a more intense flavor. Yum! Added a small bit of 1:1 cornstarch/ water mixture to thicken a little for cake decorating. I made this sauce and it was great but thin.  I added a little corn starch mixed in about a tablespoon of water to thicken the sauce a little.  YUM Looking for something to add to layer in  mini trifle cups with lemon pound cake and pudding.  I made the recipe as is, and it worked perfectly!  Tart and delicious.  Straining it takes patience.  Break it into three batches and press firmly with a spatula until only seeds and thick paste remain.  Remove those before adding the next third.  Recipe yielded about 1.5 cups of sauce.
