Baked Maple and Chipotle Wings
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/241474/baked-maple-and-chipotle-wings/
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease a large baking sheet. Whisk cornstarch, chipotle pepper, and salt together in a large bowl. Place chicken wings into the chili mixture; stir until wings are evenly coated. Arrange wings about an inch apart on the prepared baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until golden on top, about 30 minutes; turn wings over and bake an additional 20 minutes. Remove wings from oven; drizzle with maple syrup. Return wings to the oven and bake until deeply golden, about 10 minutes more.
We loved, Loved LOVED these wings!!! i chickened out on the full amt of chipotle powder and used only 1/2 tbsp. next time i'll do 1.5 tbsp! i love the sweet heat this recipe has to offer. i cooked mine just a little longer as i like the skin to be fully cooked and not too soft. will definitely make again and again! Thank you Chef V for and excellent recipe! Have to back down the chipotle a bit sometimes for some, but I love them full strength!! I've made them a bunch and they're easy and awesome!!!! It was a lot hotter than I thought it would be.  I would make it again. The baking time on these wings is way too long, thus they were over cooked and dry.  I cut the chipotle in half and it was quite spicy.  Someone else mentioned about the maple syrup burning ... you need to watch it carefully.If I made these again I think I would bake at 350 and cut the time to at the most 20 minutes per side. Okay so I did use chili powder, but HOLY COW these are so good! The crunch from the cornstarch is unreal. I would tell everyone to make these. Very addicting! Sweet and heat! Yum! Yum. I didn’t have chipotle so I used chili powder. Lol. So yum with the Quebec maple syrup!  Omg. I made these following the recipe for a Super Bowl party.  10 lbs. of wings and they were gone! I will say they were very hot so if I increase the recipe again I will reduce the chipotle powder a bit, although the heat didn't stop anyone! We loved, Loved LOVED these wings!!! i chickened out on the full amt of chipotle powder and used only 1/2 tbsp. next time i'll do 1.5 tbsp!  i love the sweet heat this recipe has to offer. i cooked mine just a little longer as i like the skin to be fully cooked and not too soft. will definitely make again and again! Thank you Chef V for and excellent recipe! My family enjoyed these wings, first time I ever made homemade wings! I made 4 lbs of wings and reduced chipotle powder to 2 tbsps, will use 1 1/2 tbsps next time as I am a heat wimp. Baked on parchment paper lined sheets which makes for easy clean up!My son loves this recipes so much I have started using it on chicken drumsticks and thighs. So good! Crispy without deep frying. Served with ranch dressing on the side.
