Cinnamon Raisin Swirl Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/24142/cinnamon-raisin-swirl-bread/
Place warm water, milk, shortening, salt, flour, sugar, and yeast into a bread machine in the order listed, or follow the order recommended by the manufacturer if different. Select cycle; press Start. If your machine has a Fruit setting, add raisins at the signal or about 5 minutes before the kneading cycle has finished. Remove dough from the machine after the first rising cycle has finished. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface and roll out into a rectangle. Spread dough with 2 tablespoons softened butter, then sprinkle with brown sugar and cinnamon. Roll up dough tightly, then cut in half. Place loaves into 2 lightly greased 9x5-inch loaf pans. Cover with a dish towel and let rise in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 hour. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Brush tops of risen loaves with 1 tablespoon melted butter. Bake in the preheated oven until crust is brown and loaves sound hollow when tapped, 30 to 40 minutes.
I made this using my Kitchen Aid mixer from start to finish. I did double the filling. I might triple it next time, for a deeper swirl. The dough came together beautifully (I've been having such issues with that lately) and rose like a champ. It's baking now, but I'll update after we've cut into it at tomorrow's breakfast. EDITED: Excellent bread. I liked that it wasn't overly sweet. The raisins add a nice touch. I couldn't wait for it to cool fully, I ate a piece warm with butter. Heavenly.Cut well even warm, didn't fall apart like most cinnamon breads do. Perfection.TIP: You might want to oil the pan down and make sure both sides of the loaf are oiled. It's a stickier bread, which means when it rises, you'll have a heck of a time getting it off the saran wrap if you don't. EDITED AGAIN: The vanilla glaze from this site is wonderful drizzled over warm slices of this bread. Just like a cinnamon roll! Fantastic!! I have been looking for this bread wherever I go in India and in Saudi Arabia but no luck. It came out so well at the first attempt . I will be making this on regular basis. Thanks for the recipe ? Loved it.  Did not have shortening so I used butter. I didn't roll it tightly enough and it separated. Today, I'm making it again and will roll it tighter and let it proof longer. It makes more sense to make a sweet dough. A hit for breakfast (minus the glaze). I’d use streusel perhaps in future, sprinkled before putting in oven. Great recipe.  I did substitute splenda blend and regular splenda due to health reasons but was the best so far and I kneaded it by  hand.  Not crazy about bread machines, had one and gave it away. This one is the best recipe I've found This was very good.  I did not make the frosting on top (oops) but it was moist, semi sweet and toast worthy.  I will be making this again. What a delicious sweet bread. I made as directed with a few minor adjustments - I doubled the brown sugar and cinnamon for the swirl ingredients as suggested by another reviewer, and also put the raisins on the swirl ingredients to be rolled up instead of in the dough (worked great). I made a half recipe of the Vanilla Glaze on this site, and put it on one loaf, making one plain and one glazed, both are tasty! Thanks for the recipe - it's a definite make again. I cut the recipe in half as I only wanted 1 loaf. I used a glass bread pan so lowered the temp to 325. It was done in 30 minutes.I did not add raisins and I doubled the brown sugar/cinnamon mix and more butter. Perfect two loaves!,,,   Does not freeze well
