Amazing Almond Flour Pancakes (Gluten-Free and Paleo-Friendly)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/241527/amazing-almond-flour-pancakes-gluten-free-and-paleo-friendly/
Preheat a lightly oiled griddle to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Whisk almond flour, chocolate chips, baking soda, salt, and cinnamon together in a bowl. Whisk egg, egg white, honey, and vanilla extract together in a separate bowl. Stir flour mixture into egg mixture, adding enough water to reach a pancake batter consistency. Drop batter by large spoonfuls onto the prepared griddle and cook until pancakes are golden brown and edges are dry, 3 to 4 minutes. Flip and cook until browned on the other side, 2 to 3 minutes. Repeat with remaining batter.
Very good gluten free pancakes, better than any mix I've tried. I used agave syrup instead of honey and milk instead of water. Since there is sugar in the batter I recommend cooking then at a lower temperature, medium low setting, to avoid burning them. Good stuff. Used Barney Bakery almond flour. Fried up in coconut oil. Slathered in butter. Absolutely Amazing!! I really like this recipe! It's hard to find gluten free recipes, so this was perfect. They tasted really good, but I'm not sure what I did wrong because they certainly did not turn out pretty. Next time, I should probably cook them at a lower temperature. I also added more cinnamon than what the recipe calls for.Edit: I made these again at a lower temperature, as many of the comments were saying to do. It turned out so much better! I listened to some of the other suggestions and put more cinnamon and milk instead of water. I LOVE this recipe!! The pancakes were so good and had a nice texture. The pancakes turned out very grainy. I had to continue to add liquid throughout, because it got thick quick. I added blueberry's which definitely helped. I'm going to go pick the grains out of my teeth now. I think recipe is great!  I changed it up a little bit by adding 1 tsp. of cinnamon, 1 tbsp. of Swerve brown sugar,  and 1/4 tsp. of baking powder.  I also left out the chocolate chips.  It tasted a little grainy, but the flavor was super!  Thank you so much for sharing this recipe! Kids loved these. Yes, you do need to cook them on a lower heat to avoid burning but if you head into this recipe knowing that you shouldn't have issues. Use care and you should be able to gently flip these, especially if you make them smaller size. I did use two eggs, rather than wasting part of an egg. Very good way better than expected.  Blue Diamond almond flour is the best.  1/4 c Almond milk, 1 banana, 1 teaspoon. vanilla extract.  Nummy I left out the chips but otherwise made as per the recipe.  Loved them!  I doubled the recipe my 2nd time and am making another batch today.  They store well in a zip lock bag and I heat them in my toaster oven a couple at a time. YUM YUM This recipe makes great waffles too. :D
