Lasagna Cupcakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/241564/lasagna-cupcakes/
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Prepare muffin cups with cooking spray. Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir beef in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes; season with salt and pepper. Drain and discard grease from beef. Cut wonton wrappers into 2 1/4-inch circles with a biscuit cutter. Press one wonton into the bottom of each muffin cup. Sprinkle even amounts of Parmesan cheese, mozzarella cheese, and ricotta cheese into each muffin cup; top each portion with even amounts of ground beef and pasta sauce. Divide 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese, 1/2 cup mozzarella cheese, 1/2 of the ricotta cheese, 1/2 of the ground beef mixture, and 1/2 cup pasta sauce, between the muffin cups and layer, respectively, atop wonton wrapper; repeat layering with remaining wonton wrappers, 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese, 1/2 cup mozzarella cheese, remaining ricotta cheese, remaining ground beef, and remaining pasta sauce. Top "cupcakes" with remaining Parmesan cheese and mozzarella cheese. Bake in preheated oven until edges of "cupcakes" are browned, 18 to 20 minutes; let rest in tins for 5 minutes before running a knife around the edges to loosen and remove. Garnish with fresh basil to serve.
Dang, did we ever enjoy these! The only change I made was using ground turkey (I had one patty in the freezer & it worked well) instead of ground beef. They baked up beautifully, are cheesy, moist, and tasty, and excellent for portion control. Another nice thing about this recipe is that after they cool for a while, you actually can eat them with your hands, knife and fork optional. These would be great for game day, a buffet table, party food or, of course, dinner. Thanks kpiper for submitting your recipe, I wouldn’t change a thing, and in this house, it’s been delcared a winner! Never tried ricotta cheese before this but "WHOA" tasted super delish. Prefect as is and easy enuf to customize for anyone. I made a veganized version of it. I used vegan wonton paper and replaced all cheeses for a vegan version. I replaced the beef for a vegan version. I made a vegan homemade pasta sauce. I used vegan meat crumbles. These were really good. The wonton wrappers were a really nice change from pasta!Slight changes:  I used 1/2 lb ground beef. Mixed together the cheeses and added about a teaspoon and a half of dried parsley to this mix. To the meat I added a teaspoon of oregano and about two teaspoons of dried onion flakes.I used a medium sized muffin pan and made 12 of these. I made 6 with meat and 6 with just the cheese mix since my daughter doesn't eat meat. Really good and SOOOO easy to make.  The only thing I did different was I made it with ground chicken instead of ground beef. Will definitely make again! They come out very good as the recipe is written.  Need to cool on paper towel to absorb extra grease.I do not trim the bottom wonton wrappers because they push down far enough that the points remain in the cupcake pan, which is important because if they stick out they will get very hard and difficult to eat.I do like to mix all the cheeses together to make spreading into the cups easier.  Do not overfill the first layer or you will not have enough room to make a second layer.I make 48 cupcakes and that takes 2 pounds of meat and either two small jars of sauce or one large jar.I end up baking for about 25 min and then under the boiler to put some color on them.These freeze great and then reheat quickly in the microwave. Great recipe for a football party! Went over very well, simple to make! Delicious! I added a little more spices to the beef/tomato sauce blend. Otherwise followed the recipe. Turned out wonderful. Such a fun meal or snack. Will make multiple times again A great recipe, fun to make! I'm not a huge lasagna fan but these are yummy. I always thought lasagna looked ugly once you put a serving on a plate but because these servings are cupcakes they look beautiful on a plate! Awesome recipe, just make sure not to put in too much pasta sauce like I did, since it can spill over a bit during baking and produce a little smoke. Not a huge deal, but worth keeping an eye on.
