Buckwheat Pancakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/241553/buckwheat-pancakes/
Whisk buckwheat flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt together in a medium bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Beat buttermilk, egg, and vanilla together in a large bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour flour mixture into buttermilk mixture; whisk until batter is thick and smooth. Let batter rest until bubbles form and batter relaxes, about 5 minutes otdash Meredith Food Studio Melt butter on a griddle over medium heat. Drop batter by large spoonfuls onto the hot griddle and cook until bubbles form and the edges dry, 3 to 4 minutes. Flip and cook until browned on the other side, 2 to 3 minutes. Repeat with remaining batter. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve with berries. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
This is the best 100% buckwheat pancakes I have made. Fairly simple and tasty. I doubled the batch when I made it. My only substitution was buttermilk, since I never buy it. Whenever I need buttermilk I mix 1:3 parts greek yogurt and whole milk. I've been enjoying this recipe for years, though without the sugar, and I thought I should thank the author, so I opened an allrecipes account so that I could. Thank you! I've always found the pancakes TOO fluffy, if anything, so lately I've been omitting the baking soda as well. Maybe I should try regular milk instead of buttermilk... After years of searching, I found my favorite buckwheat pancake recipe. Thanks chef John! I have made these about 10 morning now, and I’m hooked! I LOVE not needing wheat flour or yeast. I LOVE not having to wait overnight. These are delicious and I share this recipe with all my family members who grew up eating buckwheat pancakes. I absolutely love these, and have ever since I was a kid. 100% buckwheat flour is the best. Great recipe! The batter worked well as pancake batter, but I kept wanting them to taste less like buckwheat. That said, I served these with Armenian Cornelian cherry preserves and they went well with that. I didn’t have buttermilk so I subbed a cup of plain yogurt and a 1/4 cup milk. These were excellent I also substituted Greek yogurt and milk. I was really skeptical because I've never found a recipe that makes buckwheat pancakes taste okay. They just have an interesting taste. Husband is having to do gluten free and low FODMAP diet so we thought we would give this recipe a try. I was very pleasantly surprised! I did make a few changes to the original recipe, however, because of flavor and consistency. As other users have stated, I used 1/3 c plain Greek yogurt and whole milk because I did not have any buttermilk on hand, I added extra cinnamon and substituted 1  1/2 t brown sugar. The consistency before I put them on the grill was very light so, I added about two tablespoons of almond flour to my mix. They came out perfectly and my 11 year old son approves! I made this with half buckwheat and half oat flour. It made them a little less intense and fluffier.  Very good pancakes! I didn't add as much flour and they turned out light and really fluffy. Didn't even flatten after putting on syrup.
