Kielbasa
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/24161/kielbasa/
In a large bowl, combine pork, beef, and garlic. In another bowl, stir together salt, brown sugar, pepper, marjoram, allspice, and liquid smoke. Combine mixtures and knead with your hands until well combined. Fill casings with meat mixture and refrigerate, 8 hours overnight. Boil or grill before serving. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C).
Pshaw! My husband and his whole family are Polish and they said these reminded them of home. I liked them too, and I can hardly find Poland on the map(ha). Thanks for the recipe. Thank you so much for this recipe.  I used just ground beef and loved how it tasted.  I will be using this in a lot a different ways. Sausage is great as written, only thing I did different was to grind my own meat. I used the biggest plate my grinder has. I do this so I know exactly how much fat content the final product will have. Also I find that pre ground meat is to fine and makes for a crumbly sausage. Just a tip,  I never ever boil my sausages, you will loose a ton of flavor. This is excellent polish sausage, however, this is NOT kielbasa.  I grew up in Detroit, eating real polska kielbasa from the Kowalski plant in Hamtramck.  Eating this made me nostalgic and long for home.    Again, excellent polish sausage, but not REAL kielbasa. We have a smoker, and we are going to try to smoke it in there. :) Should come out alright. Pshaw!  My husband and his whole family are Polish and they said these reminded them of home.  I liked them too, and I can hardly find Poland on the map(ha).  Thanks for the recipe. I nixed the liquid smoke. I cooked it a bit too long on the grill but it still tasted great. I froze the raw sausages and they really are perfect to have on hand. This is an awesome recipe, I prefer to add more liquid some then calls for. Also, using the large casings, making a good sizes link, I only get about half of what is stated. If you're looking for real Polish food, this isn't it.
