Autumn Sunshine Cocktail
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/241614/autumn-sunshine-cocktail/
Place ice cubes in a shaker. Pour bourbon, maple syrup, orange liqueur, clementine juice, and lemon juice over ice. Cover the shaker and shake until chilled, about 15 seconds. Strain into a chilled martini glass. Light a match or lighter over the cocktail and squeeze 1 piece of clementine peel near the flame to flame the oil. Rub peel on the rim of the glass and drop peel into the cocktail.
We too loved this after trying it. It is very similar to our favorite drink, a "Sidecar". We altered the recipe to be 1:1 orange liqueur and small batch bourbon. We couldn't get the clementine peel to do anything with a flame, so abandoned that part. The rest is spot on. It was so good we made it in 64 ounce batches for Thanksgiving! It keeps well pre-mixed and stored in the fridge for several days, making it super easy to have on hand. Sublime! The first time, I didn't have any clementines, but the cocktail stands very well on its own with just the other ingredients. Having the clementine puts it over the top, though! I wasn't really sure how to do the flaming peel thing, without three hands. I'm just glad l made it throught the effort without lighting my fingers on fire, or worse, dropping the match into the cocktail. I'm no bartender.Can't wait for the covid plague to be over and done, so I can have friends over to impress with this. Pretty sweet, but still pretty good! We love this treat! It’s become a Thanksgiving tradition. This is an OUTSTANDING cocktail!  :-) We too loved this after trying it. It is very similar to our favorite drink, a "Sidecar". We altered the recipe to be 1:1 orange liqueur and small batch bourbon. We couldn't get the clementine peel to do anything with a flame, so abandoned that part. The rest is spot on. It was so good we made it in 64 ounce batches for Thanksgiving! It keeps well pre-mixed and stored in the fridge for several days, making it super easy to have on hand. Love at first sip!   Strong, but so easy to drink.  Maybe too easy... This bourbon based cocktail was delicious and easy! I added a half ounce apple cider as well to give it an even more autumn flavor. I will be making this again this fall for date nights with my wife. Dericous! wife loved it, sweet but strong, very good
