Bacon-Garlic Green Beans
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/241728/bacon-garlic-green-beans/
Place green beans in a pot and cover with water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until beans start to soften, about 10 minutes. Drain water, leaving beans in the pot. Place bacon strips on a microwave-safe plate and cook in the microwave until crisp, about 2 minutes. Cool and crumble bacon. Stir butter and bacon into beans in the pot and return to medium heat; cook and stir until butter melts, 2 to 3 minutes. Add garlic; cook and stir until fragrant, 3 to 4 minutes. Top with lemon zest and stir.
Everyone loved it, it was delicious! The only things I changed is that I steamed the beans instead of boiling them (healthier) and I sautéed the garlic in the butter before adding the beans. I will definitely make these again. Made it for Easter dinner no deviations. Did not add salt or pepper, due to a limited  salt diet, everyone loved them, some added salt & pepper, some did not. Cooked bacon the night before. Loved It!Made for Christmas dinner everyone loved it! It was easy. I did put in extra garlic but we love garlic!! Everyone loved it, it was delicious! The only things I changed is that I steamed the beans instead of boiling them (healthier) and I sautéed the garlic in the butter before adding the beans. I will definitely make these again. Really easy to make and so delicious! One of my teenage sons who despises green beans absolutely loved them! He even asked me to write down the recipe so that when he moves out he can make them himself! Made this with haricot verts, as they are the only green beans my husband likes.  Otherwise,  I kept to the recipe (scaled down for two servings).  The lemon zest really elevates the dish. I used 2 pounds of beans,  3 slices of bacon, 3 cloves of garlic and some fresh lime juice and zest. Compliments at Thanksgiving dinner. I will make it again. I added more butter and twice the bacon. Way too much butter in this recipe and we love butter, very disappointed this is the first recipe on this app that was not something I would ever make again! Yumm!
