Joy's Easy Banana Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/241707/joys-easy-banana-bread/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease a 9x5-inch loaf pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine bananas, sugar, egg, and butter together in a bowl. Mix flour and baking soda together in a separate bowl; stir into banana mixture until batter is just mixed. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in salt; pour batter into the prepared loaf pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center of the bread comes out clean, about 1 hour. otdash Meredith Food Studio Enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO
This is a really good simple recipe. 2 important tips!! DO NOT OVERMIX THE BATTER. Just mix enough to incorporate ingredients. That's the trick to a moist banana bread. Also make sure your baking soda is FRESH. I did add a couple of my favorite ingredients and it turned out oh so good. I used a 50/50 mix of white sugar & brown sugar. I added an extra banana, 1 tsp of cinnamon and 1 tsp of vanilla and 1 cup of walnuts. I also find a glass loaf pan works best. Before baking I sprinkled more chopped walnuts and brown sugar on top. I baked for a total of 70 min at 325 and covered with foil for the last 30 min so it wouldn't brown too much. Yum!! I followed the ingredients exactly, but also added a teaspoon of vanilla and did them in a jumbo 6 muffin pan at 375 for 30 minutes and they turned out perfect! Husband did say he would add less sugar next time, so I will try that and also will probably add walnuts, but all in all this is a great recipe and made really good jumbo muffins! I made the recipe as is, the batter was delicious but I was in the mood for some nutmeg and a dash of cloves so I added a small amount, I didn't want to overpower the banana flavour. The loaf was super easy and fast which is what I was looking for, and I'm sure it would be just as delicious without my add ins. I also crusted the top with decorator sugar, simply to use up the leftover orange sugar from Halloween. ^_^ This banana bread was so delicious! I'd thought it would come out dry but it came out super moist and soft, I added an extra banana and used half white sugar half brown sugar. Usually I prefer choclate on my banana bread for flavor but this didn't need it, it's a for sure try again! Perfect banana bread, I added walnuts and a pinch of cinnamon, it was delicious This is the only recipe I use for banana bread. I use half the amount of sugar and up to 4-5 bananas and more when using the smaller ones which are sweeter. I also use 1-2 tsps baking soda and add all sorts of things, depending on what I have in the cabinet, for example, craisins, pecans, walnuts or other nut chopped, semisweet chocolate bits, chia, flax, cinnamon and sometimes allspice. I just put small amounts when using a few together. The baking time will differ too, you just need to check often. I use a corning ware dish so it takes less time (30-35 minutes maybe?) and is more cake like shape but you don’t have to. We love cream cheese icing on it. I’ve never had a complaint or problem using these other ingredients. Joy’s recipe is really the easiest and best, and I’ve tried many over the years! Thanks! This banana bread is so freaking good. It's easy as well. I'm definitely a beginner, I though I'd never be able to make any kind of bread, but I did and it's amazing. After reading some of the reviews, like I always do, I added 1 tsp of vanilla extract, 1 tsp of cinnamon, about a 1/2 cup of mini chocolate chips and I sprinkled brown sugar on top before baking in a preheated 325 degree oven for about 70 minutes. I also covered the bread with foil for the last 30 minutes Easy & delicious. I used 5 small, very ripe bananas. I added 50/50 mix of white & brown sugars, 1 tsp cinnamon, 1 tsp vanilla. I also made a topping with brown sugar & cold cut up butter and crumbled on top (could have used chopped walnuts). Bake 325 for 40 mins uncovered, cover with foil and bake for another 30 mins. 70 mins total. Good easy recipe but I added peanut butter and swirled in some Hershey syrup (just before pouring into pan) and crunched up walnuts to sprinkle on top and tapped some of the walnuts into batter! (I doubled the recipe and added peanut butter to taste,3 lg scoops, and used med. size pan.) Amazing! Modifications I made as suggested by some reviewers: used half a cup of sugar, added just under 1 cup of chocolate chips, added 1 tsp of vanilla extract, foiled it for last 20 minutes of baking, used 1.75 QT circular glass bowl which fit perfectly. Did not over mix ingredients as suggested. Just the right size loaf for our family of 3 :-) So good! I doubled the recipe, and like many others I did 50/50 white and brown sugar, a tsp of vanilla and some cinnamon. I made the mistake of mixing the wet and dry ingredients together, rather than separate first. But you wouldn't know it! This is a simple and forgiving recipe. Next time I make it, I'm gonna add chocolate chips. 10/10 great recipe! Good recipe. I had frozen a lot of overripe bananas so I tripled the recipe, made one batch with chocolate chips, one with walnuts, nutmeg, and cinnamon, and one plain. It was helpful to read the variations others had made. One note: with the frozen bananas, I could have mashed them or pureed them more before adding the eggs, sugar, and butter. Haven't served it yet but it looks and smells great. SUPER GREAT RECIPE!  I doubled mine and it came out perfect.My ingredient variation:  I added leftover fresh pineapple (chopped) and fresh blueberries.  I also added 1 tsp of vanilla (from Mexico).My cooking variation:  Made muffins instead of bread.  Stay close to the oven so you can monitor the bake time.This recipe was very easy to follow and gives excellent results.  I will keep this one forever and make often!Thank you! Easy and delish! I smashed some walnuts and added them to the recipe. Tasty and sweet, my brother quotes ' It's just too delicious!'. A punch of flavor, I think it's a recipe for young bakers like me. For me, it took a minimum of 30 minutes to cook. Though unbelievably good for a first time, other longer banana bread recipes yeilded better results. Still recommended !!👍🏻 I thought the recipe was was good easy to follow. I'm thinking about adding some cinnamon the next time. My grandson said it's good and he's very picky Super easy for such a novice cook/baker like myself. It was super yummy and I actually didn't have any butter and successfully used the half cup of avocado oil. Went back and read the "how to store it" section and found that helpful. Can't wait to make it again to see if it really does stay fresher!
