Tandoori Masala Spice Mix
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/241875/tandoori-masala-spice-mix/
Gather the ingredients. Combine coriander, cumin, garlic powder, ginger, cloves, mace, fenugreek, cinnamon, black pepper, cardamom, and nutmeg together in a bowl; store in an airtight container.
Could not find this spice anywhere. Thank you for the recipe!!Needs 1/2 tbsp tumeric and 1 tbsp chili powder Thanks For sharing. Keep it up!! No garlic please just like ranveer brar bhai's tandoori chicken masala Very fragrant mix, and yields a lot. This was a great spice mix! For my Tandoori chicken marinade I used about 3 tbsp of the spice mix and added  2 tsp Garam masala, 1 tsp garlic powder, and 1.5 tsp each of fresh garlic and ginger, 1 tbsp oil and 3 heaping tbsp of sour cream to marinate chicken overnight I thought this was a very good base.  I deducted 1 star because it really needed Kashmiri Chili powder and Kosher salt.  I also threw in some paprika for additional color. I love Indian food and I am married to someone of Indian heritage.  With my modifications, this tasted as good as the spice packets found in Indian Grocery stores. For the marinade, I combined lime juice, onion, cilantro, garlic, canola oil in a bullet style blender then added a generous amount of spice mix.  I slathered this on some boneless chicken breasts and grilled in cast iron skillet. Winner, Winner Chicken Dinner! This was perfect for the butter chicken recipe I was trying.  I keep all these spices on hand anyway, so why would I go looking for an expensive little jar of the blend?  I sent some of the leftover mix to my daughter and am storing the rest in a tight container in my freezer.  Thanks! I added 1 tbsp turmeric and Substituted 1/4 tsp ground mustard instead of fenugreek.  Lovely blend of spices-I should have made a bigger batch. I have tried numerous recipes for "garam masala" spice mix , but hadn't heard of Tandoori Masala.  In the past I have toasted the seeds and ground my own.  Today I got lazy and had all the pre-ground spices (except I did have to grind the fenugreek).  I'm very happy with the taste of this blend, as is my husband who enjoyed it in a "Butter Chicken" dish just as TheBritishBaker  (who shared this recipe) did.  I didn't change a thing. This spice mix is AMAZING! So many flavors that all compliment each other perfectly. Sprinkle it over everything. It's particularly delicious over chicken thighs and cauliflower for a quick and easy sheet-pan dinner.
