Oven Roasted Sweet Potatoes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/241834/oven-roasted-sweet-potatoes/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix sweet potatoes, onion, and garlic in a bowl. Drizzle olive oil over the mixture and toss to coat; pour into a shallow roasting pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Roast sweet potato mixture in the preheated oven, turning frequently, until the vegetables are soft and golden brown, 30 to 35 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove from the oven. Drizzle balsamic vinegar over the vegetables; season with salt and pepper. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO
Oven Roasted Sweet Potatoes Haiku: "Yay, no marshmallows! Savory sweet potatoes, glad that I found you!" Super easy recipe and delicious; I left mine in longer, stirring frequently enough that the sweet potatoes browned evenly, but my onions were a little burnt and shrivel-y, which is my bad b/c I didn't cut them into wedges, as directed. I did follow the recipe, other than apparently being a little too dainty w/ my onion cuts. Wow, these were terrific, and how nice that they weren't bathed in brown sugar or some other sticky sweetness. I squashed some of the leftovers (sans onions) for the baby, and she said "gurgle blurgle /smile" as she devoured hers too. Great basic recipe that allows you to add ingredients for your own personal flavor! I ended up adding 2 sprigs of rosemary and 1/2 tsp cinnamon while baking and that really elevated this simple dish for me. This is a very tasty recipe.I skip the vinegar and make a dipping sauce.Equal parts mayo and sour cream, 2 cloves fresh minced garlic, a little chipotle powder, a dash of cayenne plus salt and pepper to taste.OR you can mix your favourite spices to your liking. YUMMM. Very good especially with smoked paprika and season salt. Super delish! I added salt and pepper in the bowl to be absorbed during the cooking process. Olive oil should not be heated so used grape oil instead and at the end used balsamic glaze instead of vinegar. My kids and husband loved it. Made this exactly as is but also with a dash of red cayenne pepper for a little kick. I didn't think we needed the balsamic vinegar since it was very good the way it was, but it took it over the top! I'm a *huge* fan of traditional sweet potato (with brown sugar, cinnamon, etc). but I was introduced to roasted sweet potatoes by my wife's daughter a few months ago, so I was excited to give this recipe a try. I did make a few adjustments to the recipe, though: I omitted the onions, I added Italian seasoning (oregano, basil, thyme), and also added Parmesan cheese in the last few minutes of cooking. The result was *fantastic* so I'm sure I'll be cooking this recipe again and again. Thanks for sharing! This dish is a new Family favorite. I prepared it just like the recipe except I probably added a little extra balsamic vinegar (I didn't measure) and I added some dried basil. I threw it all in the Instant Pot and 20 min later it was done. Absolutely Delish!! Really good !Only addition I made to the recipe was to add a little thyme to it.My wife couldnt believe there was no honey, syrup or sugar added, the sweetness was all natural and healthy ingredients :)I broiled it for 2-3 minutes at the end just to caramelize the sweet potatoes a little and get a nice crisp on themWill make this again for sure! We were in a bit of a hurry so I put the potatoes and onion in a microwave safe container with a bit of water and covered for 10 minutes. Then we mixed in the olive oil and garlic and spread potatoes on a cookie sheet and sprinkled with Mrs. Dash. We then baked for 15 minutes. I was AMAZING!!!!! Excellent! I made a few changes making this for Christmas dinner: I used 4 potatoes and did not measure how many cups. I used white balsamic vinegar because I didn't have any regular. I slicedabout 1/2 C fresh cranberries in half and added them. Also added about a half cup of chopped pecans. It was delicious & was a nice substitute for sweet potato pie. I added a little bit of cinnamon and it was perfect!! Thank you! We loved it! Super easy and very flavorful!! I used my left over fall garden sweet potatoes that were blanched and frozen, this makes them perfect for roasting.  I left them in the disk shape from the freezer which was about a half inch thick cut.My husband and I like to sprinkle gorgonzola on top then drizzle with the balsamic glaze. This is a wonderful, tasty, quick recipe.  I made it exactly as written and can't wait to make it again.  I highly recommend this recipe. Added a couple of pinches of cinnamon and sugar the last couple of minutes of cooking. These are perfect! I turned them 4-5 times in the 30 minutes! Easy to make and so delicious.  I may have overcooked mine as there were some burnt edges.  I made mine about 1” squares.  Maybe I should have made them bigger.  Would be 5* rating if I had made my pieces bigger.We ate them all Lovely side dish!!
