Skillet Spinach Lasagna
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/241897/skillet-spinach-lasagna/
Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir sausage, breaking into smaller pieces, in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Mix noodles into sausage. Pour crushed tomatoes and tomato sauce over sausage-noodle mixture; bring to a boil. Cover skillet, reduce heat, and simmer until noodles are cooked and sauce is thickened, about 25 minutes. Add spinach, ricotta cheese, and mozzarella cheese; cover skillet and remove from heat. Let lasagna stand for 5 minutes; top with Parmesan cheese.
First off, my first review but a long time subscriber to Allrecipes, I will always make the recipes as given THEN rate. This recipe is what I look for, simple and common ingredients and one pot cooking and easy, the family loved it. I would say look at your ingredients, I like Muir Glen crushed tomatoes and sauce, good cheeses, it makes a huge difference, I'm not sure I will make lasagna any other way again. This recipe has become a favorite with my family. Everyone loves the taste and I love how easy it is to make. It's great as written, and I made it that way for a long time (with extra spinach). However, I found that the noodles cook better if I double the tomato sauce. I've also used shredded mozzarella a few times because it's all I had, and while I prefer the block, the shredded works well enough. Turkey sausage also works. It's an easy recipe to adjust to your needs. Super easy and very tasty. The recipe looked a little bland so I sautéed a garlic clove with the sausage and threw in a heaping TBSP of Italian seasoning.  A definite keeper given the ease and the taste. This is a pretty good recipe, but it needs some dressing up. I added some olive oil, and softened some chopped onion and garlic. Also added some basil, oregano and thyme to the sauce. Easy recipe …delicious result! Surprisingly like baked lasagna! The whole family loved it. I doubled the cheese for this recipe, and I have no regrets. It's a great week night option for getting lasagna on the table in about half the time. I used campanelle noodles instead and par boiled before adding. Instead of 24oz crushed I did 12 oz with 1/2 jar of tomato basil pasta sauce. I also added minced garlic and minced onion along with 2 t. of italian spice blend. Famly loved it! This was delicious and easy to make.  I will make it again. I definitely would not use canned tomatoes. A better choice would've been a jar of marinara sauce. The noodles never really softened up. I would not make this again. Easy and delicious!
