My Mom's Lemon Meringue Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/241853/my-moms-lemon-meringue-pie/
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Press pie crust into a pie plate. Mix sweetened condensed milk, egg yolks, lemon juice, and lemon zest together in a bowl; pour into pie crust. Bake in the preheated oven for 25 minutes. Five minutes before pie is done, beat egg whites and cream of tartar together in a bowl using an electric mixer on high speed until foamy. Slowly add sugar to egg white mixture and continue beating until meringue forms stiff peaks, about 5 minutes. Remove pie from oven and increase temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spread meringue onto warm pie, making sure meringue goes all the way to the edges creating a seal. Using the back of a spoon, dab the meringue and pull up, creating peaks across the pie. Bake in the oven for 15 minutes. Let cool to room temperature for 1 hour and store in the refrigerator.
This is a great and easy recipe. I finally added it to my recipe box here on allrecipes.com. I've made it six times so far with diferent amounts of tartness for example leaving out the zest to adding twice as much ( I love to experiment). Thank you AnnnCollin for posting this. Easy to make and delicious No it is my first time making it Very tasty. For those complaining about the pie not setting, check your oven temperature. Mine is about 25 degrees off, so increasing to 350 for baking the pie did the trick. 375 for the meringue. It's just ok. The recipe is easy, but not a traditional lemon pie. The flavor is  neither too tart or too sweet. It just wasn't anything special. I have made this for over 40 years. It’s a Family favorite! I do use a graham cracker crust instead. This was awesome! Very easy - clear instructions! It tasted amazing and I will be making this again! This is pretty much Paula Deen's recipe. It is a good one. I use it all the time. I'm not an expert pastry chef so I buy the pillsbury pie dough. This was very easy to make and turned out great Turned out great. I added a couple drops of vanilla to the egg white mixture to give it a distinct flavor. Took about 45 minutes to prepare and 5 minutes to be devoured. Three taste testing kids approved!!!
