Quick Cinnamon Rolls
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/241917/quick-cinnamon-rolls/
Gather Ingredients. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Brush an 8-inch square baking dish with 1 tablespoon of the melted butter. llRecipes / Abbey Littlejoh To make the dough: Whisk flour, white sugar, baking powder, and salt together in a large bowl. Work 3 tablespoons softened butter into flour mixture using your hands until butter is lentil-sized. llRecipes / Abbey Littlejoh Pour milk into flour-butter mixture and stir with a rubber spatula until a soft dough forms. llRecipes / Abbey Littlejoh Turn dough out onto a well-floured work surface and roll dough into a 10- x 10-inch square. Brush surface of dough with remaining 2 tablespoons melted butter. llRecipes / Abbey Littlejoh To make the filling: Whisk ¼ cup white sugar, brown sugar, and cinnamon together in a small bowl. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon cinnamon-sugar mixture in the bottom of the prepared baking dish. Sprinkle remaining cinnamon sugar over butter-brushed dough. llRecipes / Abbey Littlejoh Roll dough around filling to form a log; cut log into 9 rolls about 1-inch wide; place rolls, cut-side up, in the prepared baking dish. llRecipes / Abbey Littlejoh Bake in the preheated oven until rolls are puffed and lightly golden, 20 to 25 minutes. llRecipes / Abbey Littlejoh To make the frosting: Beat confectioners' sugar, cream cheese, 1/4 cup softened butter, and vanilla extract together in a bowl until frosting is smooth. llRecipes / Abbey Littlejoh Top hot cinnamon rolls with cream cheese frosting. llRecipes / Abbey Littlejoh
After reading the reviews I was a little hesitant to make this recipe because I was worried I would just end up with balls like everyone else. I had absolutely no problem with this recipe and thought it turned out fantastic! I added a little bit of cinnamon and sugar into the batter itself (like some others recommended) It wasn't too sticky and rolled out perfect. I had a hard time fitting 18 rolls into my pan though. I think next time I would try to make 12 or so and see if they rise up more. I will definitely make this again! I followed the recipe ( not the video).It’s biscuits. Decent biscuits, but nothing like cinnamon rolls. It shows adding an egg in the video but not on this recipe. The one I printed this recipe in 2019 has the egg in the recipe. Can I ask why it changed? And it says in the video 3/4 cup milk not 2/3 Quick, easy, and delicious; the cream cheese frosting was to die for!  My husband loved it, too.  Will definitely make this one again! Very delicious! Soft on the inside and crunchy on the outside. Will try again probably This was a great recipe to follow. I would totally do this again great for my family and it tasted amazing. My cinnamon roll dough seem very dense,any suggestions? I followed the instructions and they turned out hard and did not raise properly. They are more like biscuits than cinnamon rolls 🥲
