Mac and Guac Casserole
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/242081/mac-and-guac-casserole/
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil; add macaroni and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 11 minutes. Drain and transfer to an 8x15-inch baking dish. Mix avocados, Cheddar cheese, and black pepper together in a bowl until smooth; stir into pasta. Top pasta with bacon and bread crumbs. Bake in the preheated oven until sauce is bubbling, 20 to 25 minutes.
Great dish! Just tried making this for a Monday night dinner and for a few days of lunch. I diced a red bell pepper to add a little color and texture and it was delicious. Will definitely make again, thanks for the great recipe! I didn't have smoked cheddar so I used sharp. It was pretty good but my 9 yr old didn't like it. It was a good way to use up avocados but I probably won't make it again. Followed the recipe exactly. But there was hardly any avocado taste or pepper.  Next time I'm going to try 3 avocados, 3 cheese blend and more seasoning.  And calling the paste a "sauce" is stretching it a bit as it never turned into a "sauce".  And it needs to be a creamier paste.  I eliminated the bread crumbs altogether because it was too much starch in a dish that's already all starch. It was a bland dish. Made as written except that I left some of my avocado in small chunks for texture. There seemed to be way too much pasta but then again that might have been my own fault for not mashing up all of the avocado so that the pasta got covered better. I really liked the flavor combo however and this is one I will make again. Smoked cheddar is expensive so I still plan on cutting back on it next time to let the cheese and avocado be the stars. Great dish! Just tried making this for a Monday night dinner and for a few days of lunch. I diced a red bell pepper to add a little color and texture and it was delicious. Will definitely make again, thanks for the great recipe!
