The Best Baked Alfredo Spaghetti
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/242035/the-best-baked-alfredo-spaghetti/
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Spray a 9x13-inch baking dish with cooking spray. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook spaghetti in boiling water, occasionally stirring, until halfway cooked through, about 6 minutes. Drain. Stir provolone cheese blend, 1 jar Alfredo sauce, drained spaghetti, ricotta cheese, Parmesan cheese, and eggs together in a bowl. Pour into the prepared baking dish. Cover the dish with aluminum foil. Bake in the preheated oven until hot and bubbling, 60 to 75 minutes. Remove foil from baking dish and top spaghetti with remaining Alfredo sauce. Stir marinara sauce and meatballs together in a saucepan; bring to a simmer, reduce heat to medium-low, and cook until meatballs are heated through, 15 to 25 minutes. Spoon meatballs and marinara over baked spaghetti.
Love this! I prefer to add both jars of Alfredo instead of adding one after the dish is baked. It sets up nicely and plates up with no mess. For a little added flavor I will add some pesto in the future. Leave out the meatballs and it's a great side to chicken/fish mains. It makes a large amount so I used two large pyrex pie pans and froze the 2nd for later. I stuck to the recipe except I used cottage cheese instead of ricotta and homemade Alfredo sauce.  Left out the meatballs because the spaghetti dish was huge as it was. Just topped with spaghetti sauce. Yum!!! My daughters and I give this recipe 5 stars.   We had the meatballs with spaghetti sauce, and sides - a garden salad,  a parmesan pasta salad, and a carrot-raisin salad, and crescent rolls.  A delicious and filling meal.  Thank you for sharing. My husband and surprise guests loved this! But! When I mixed the Alfredo-cheese sauce with the spaghetti, I thought “there is no way this needs a second jar of sauce!” Until 45 minutes of baking Yes! It does! Added second jar and heavy mixing to get sauce spread throughout. Next time, would do 2 jars from the start - like others stated. Baked for another 15 min. When done; To us? This recipe just isn’t complete without the meatballs/marinara! Would have been dull as a few reviewers described. But the combo of Alfredo meets meatball marinara? Me (after a heavy shake of red pepper flakes) - pretty good! My husband declared “the bomb!” He loved this! My unexpected guests had no idea they were Guinea pigs for a new recipe. They thought I did this recipe all the time and also loved. Again; I thought was good but giving a rating higher because of the raves I received on it tonight. PS: as written, makes a LOT! Hubs + me + surprise guests and we still have leftovers! PSS; used canned Alfredo but homemade marinara.  PSSS; have a red pepper shaker on hand! If using canned Alfredo (like me) maybe add a dash of garlic powder/onion powder & S&P to the sauce before mixing with the noodles.  Overall: Thank you for sharing! We are glad we tried and my husband loved this! I’m marking as a favorite because of it! This is by no means healthy, but it was tasty. I didn’t have ricotta, so I used a half brick of cream cheese, and I poured both jars of sauce in at the beginning. After 55 minutes, it was plenty done. Delicious!! I cut amounts in half for 6 servings, and added cooked rotisserie chicken, & omitted the meatball & marinara topping.  Half amount in 9x9 glass baking dish took 65 mins at 375* Love this! I prefer to add both jars of Alfredo instead of adding one after the dish is baked.  It sets up nicely  and plates up with no mess.  For a little added flavor I will add some pesto in the future.  Leave out the meatballs and it's a great side to chicken/fish mains.  It makes a large amount so I used two large pyrex pie pans and froze the 2nd for later. Have made this a few times. Great recipe, easy to do. Trying with sausage today to make wife happy! Bakes up very think and filling Topped it off with home made meat balls. Was a Great easy dish
