Homemade Sushi
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/24228/sushi-roll/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Bring water to a boil in a medium pot; stir in rice. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until rice is tender and water has been absorbed, 20 to 25 minutes. Mix rice vinegar, sugar, and salt in a small bowl. Gently stir into cooked rice in the pot and set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Lay nori sheets on a baking sheet. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat nori in the preheated oven until warm, 1 to 2 minutes. Center 1 nori sheet on a bamboo sushi mat. Use wet hands to spread a thin layer of rice on top. Arrange 1/4 of the crabmeat, avocado, cucumber, and pickled ginger over rice in a line down the center. otdash Meredith Food Studio Lift one end of the mat and roll it tightly over filling to make a complete roll. Repeat with remaining ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Use a wet, sharp knife to cut each roll into 4 to 6 slices. otdash Meredith Food Studio
the hardest part of any sushi recipe is finding a bamboo mat... for a long time mine would come out bulky and uneven and generally not pretty. It's hard to roll sushi with just your hands - the nori rips if you press too hard and the roll coomes apart if not hard enough. The easiest thing to do if you cant find a bamboo mat is use a clean dish towel. To get the meat and other stuff right in the center of the roll, position it 3/4 down on the rice, rather than the center. Just some sushi tricks I've learned these past few years ^^ Super yummy and a crow pleaser. I did change the rice to sushi rice and it was still so good. The only thing that was not so good was it took a bit to long to prep in my opinion I have very interesting vedio l expect is this other better conflex roll in sushi I made Seattle rolls and they were excellent. Thank you for the recipe! I use calrose  for my sushi rice. Since it's a medium grain, I don't rinse it and end up with just the right amount of stickiness. I didn't have rice vinegar this last time so I subbed with 1/2 apple cider vinegar and 1/2 saki, cut the sugar and it was 😍.  I use a silicone cooking mat to roll them. It works well and is easy to clean.I doubled the recipe and made half with crab and the other half with strips of wild silver (Coho) salmon. I saved two rolls for a backcountry ski adventure the next day and they tasted much better on day 2. Especially the ginger *in* the sushi. But...after working out hard, everything tastes better, so there's that. Also, rice cookers are sealed pots with an induction element. My induction cooktop works well enough that I gave away my rice cooker and have never regretted it. Beautiful its was so good I maddest for my class and everyone loved it Its pretty much the same as I do, except I use fresh fish. And I lay out plastic wrap to roll it up.
