Slow Cooker Chicken Tacos
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/242342/fiesta-slow-cooker-shredded-chicken-tacos/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine chicken broth and taco seasoning mix in a bowl. Place chicken in a slow cooker. Pour chicken broth mixture over chicken. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook on Low for 6 to 8 hours. Shred chicken.
Simple and delicious! I used chicken tenders, so they were cooked in about 4 hours on low. Also, I did opt to use the whole packet of taco seasoning b/c I didn't want to keep the little bit that was left in the packet. After shredding, I poured some of the liquid over to keep it moist. This was very flavorful. We used this to make lettuce 'tacos', and topped them w/ red onion, tomatoes, shredded cheddar and a bit of sour cream. The whole family LOVED this...definite keeper~YUM! Thanks for sharing. :) This was very very good! I followed some of the tips in the reviews including adding cumin (to taste), adding some chopped green chilis,  and adding a jar of original rotel. I didn’t drain the rotel before adding it. Served with hard and soft taco shells,  tomatoes, pickled jalapeños,  and cheese, and a side of Mexican rice.  A big hit!! Such a simple recipe!  The thing is in how you wish to season it (with the chicken broth).  I don't buy those packets of taco seasoning - I make my own (cumin, cayenne pepper, chili powder, etc.).I did slightly deviate from the recipe.  I let the meat cool a bit, then used restaurant grade gloves to pull the chicken apart.  I then put it BACK into the broth mix, and put it on low for about 45 minutes.  Used tongs (the silicon kind) to drain most of the mixture off of the chicken, then put it onto a tortilla.  What you add to it is all YOU!  Woop!!!  Great recipe!!! quick and easy just how I like it. lots of protein low calories. Simple and delicious!Everybody likes. I didn’t think these had much flavor. So good so easy so healthy so versatile! In the crockpot now, usually double, and we will have stress free-at least  about the eternal question of what we are having for dinner-solid start to week! My guys will make burritos or tacos, mine will be on bed spinach salad-with olives, salsa, avocado, yogurt, cilantro, radishes, limes, ummmm and anything else I can think of for toppings! I made these yesterday and my family loved them!  And it was so easy!  I used soft taco shells and I shredded the chicken about 45 minutes prior to serving and put the shredded chicken back in the crockpot.  That allowed it to absorb the flavors better and it was very juicy and tender.  My son said I could make this recipe anytime.
