Greek Lemon Chicken and Potatoes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/242352/greek-lemon-chicken-and-potatoes/
Gather all ingredients and preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Lightly oil a large roasting pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place chicken and potatoes in a large bowl. Add lemon juice, olive oil, garlic, dried oregano, salt, rosemary, black pepper, and cayenne. Toss until chicken and potatoes are evenly coated. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place chicken pieces skin-side up in the prepared pan. Tuck potato pieces around chicken. Drizzle with 2/3 cup chicken broth. Spoon any remaining marinade from the bowl over chicken and potatoes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven for 20 minutes. Toss chicken and potatoes, then place chicken skin-side up again. otdash Meredith Food Studio Continue baking until chicken is browned and cooked through, about 25 minutes more; an instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should register 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Transfer chicken to a serving platter and keep warm; leave potatoes in the pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Turn on the broiler, or set oven to highest heat. Toss potatoes again to coat in pan juices. Place the pan under the broiler and broil until potatoes are crisped, about 3 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Transfer potatoes to the platter with chicken. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place the roasting pan on the stovetop over medium heat. Add the remaining 1/3 cup chicken broth and scrape up browned bits from the bottom of the pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Strain pan juices into a measuring cup and pour over chicken and potatoes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Sprinkle with fresh oregano. Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
I've made this a couple of times for the family, and my wife has continually declared it her favorite dish. The only change I've made is using skinless chicken breast tenders instead of skin-on thighs. In order to avoid the chicken drying out, prepare as described, but cook just the potatoes for the first 20-25 minutes. Then pull the pan out of the oven, place the chicken on the pan, making sure to recoat it in the marinade, and cook for the remaining 20 minutes. It comes out juicy and flavorful every time. Quick and easy to make. directions easy to follow, just made a few adjustments in quantity of some ingredients to my taste (More Garlic and added Lemon zest). Loved this recipe. Full of flavour but so easy to cook. Another delicious, quick, and easy Chef John recipe.  We made it exactly to the recipe.  Hard to believe the flavor from such a simple recipe.  Looking forward to making again. Everyone in my home likes this delicious dinner. I never have to worry about making a different meal. That makes this recipe a keeper! I made it without garlic, since my husband is allergic.  It was very good for dinner that day;  however, the leftovers, both chicken and potatoes, were fabulous!  I gave them to a friend for lunch the next day and got raves. I may make extra just to increase the leftovers. Interesting for something new. Next time I will use half the pepper. Always loved Greek lemon chicken, one of our favorites! I followed the recipe exactly and it was perfect!
