Greek Lemon Chicken and Potato Bake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/242402/greek-lemon-chicken-and-potato-bake/
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Grease a large baking sheet with sides. Place chicken quarters on prepared baking sheet. Stir potatoes, olive oil, juice of 1 lemon, basil, oregano, salt, pepper, and lemon herb seasoning together in a large bowl to coat potatoes. Arrange potatoes around chicken on baking sheet. Pour about 3/4 of oil mixture over chicken, reserving remaining oil; drizzle remaining lemon juice over chicken and potatoes. Bake in the preheated oven for about 30 minutes; shake baking sheet to loosen potatoes, then continue baking for 15 minutes. Place green beans in reserved oil mixture; toss to coat. Remove chicken mixture from oven; pour green bean mixture over chicken and potatoes. Return pan to the oven; bake until green beans are tender with a bite, chicken is no longer pink at the bone and juices run clear, about 15 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
This smelled so good while baking! You know it's good when your picky 13 yr old boy tells you it's the best chicken he's ever had!! I used 6 bone-in/skin-on thighs. I rendered the fat off the skin in a skillet before baking, as I didn't want all the fat in the pan.(add the thighs skin side down in a cold skillet, turned to medium heat and cooked for 5 minutes until the skin was brown and the pan is filled with fat) I only used one Tablespoon of Greek seasoning for all the other herbs called for as I thought 6 Tablespoons would be way too much! 1 tsp. of pepper, a tsp. of garlic powder and the zest of a lemon. This cooked up in 40 minutes total. My store had no fresh green beans so I left them out this time, and served it with Greek salad, pita bread and tzatziki sauce! Yum! :) The flavor was excellent but the green beans did not cook well in the oven. This recipe would have received 5 stars without the green beans. This is my second time making this dish. Changed a couple of ingredients. I was not able to find leg quarters, so I used thighs. I swapped asparagus for green beans. I followed the recipe exactly as written for seasonings and baking.  Turned out great. Will continue to make. Easy to make and tastes great. A keeper This recipe is fantastic as-is. I changed nothing. I will warn you, however, that your smoke alarm will go off if it is as sensitive as mine. Mine always goes off multiple times. Oh well, I just keep one window open and have the broom handy for poking the smoke alarm. It's worth it. I altered the recipe slightly with using Seasonings that I had in my pantry that were close to what was recommended. I also made it with parts of the chicken breast, wing,  and leg quarters! It was still good. I’ll definitely make it again! I used lemon pepper seasoning instead of lemon and herb, and serve with tzatziki sauce. Cookie sheet, cutting board, and a large bowl is all you need. I cut my potatoes in half so I guess if you elected not to do that, then you don’t even need a cutting board. Great recipe, certified banger. Easy and delicious! I couldn’t find anything larger than legs and they were 4 at about 1.9 lbs. which was just right for two people. 6 oz of green beans and 12 oz of potatoes. I cut five minutes off of each cooking cycle except I let the beans go full time. I couldn’t find “lemon herb” spice but did find Bragg organic 24 herbs and spices which does have lemon. I cut every spice measurement in half but still used 1/2 c oil. I certainly would keep my rack in the middle of the oven. Everything worked out great and I’ll definitely be doing this again.
