Sloppy Joes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/24264/sloppy-joes-ii/
Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir lean ground beef in the hot skillet until some of the fat starts to render, 3 to 4 minutes. Add onion and bell pepper; continue to cook until vegetables have softened and beef is cooked through, 3 to 5 more minutes. Stir in ketchup, brown sugar, mustard, and garlic powder; season with salt and pepper. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 20 to 30 minutes. Divide meat mixture evenly among hamburger buns.
Five stars and an A+. This is the perfect basic sloppy joes recipe. I won't be buying the canned stuff anymore. We like ours just a little stickier so added 1/2 cup water and a tablespoon of quick oats then simmered it down. MMM Next time I'm going to double it so I can freeze the extra. I fill the cups in a muffin tin with the leftovers and freeze. When frozen just pop them out and store in a Ziploc bag in the freezer. Each one is the perfect size for a bun and ready to microwave at a seconds notice. Great success. I diced green beans and onions (omitted green pepper), sautéed with s+p, set that aside. I veganized it by browning impossible burger, added the veg back in. Used 3/4c ketchup, dab of bbq sauce, dab of tomato paste, a good shake of garlic salt, 1 tsp dijon (no yellow on hand), only 1tsp brown sugar, a generous 1/2c water, and 1Tbsp quick oats (like I saw in another review). Simmered for ~10 mins once all combined. KILLER 10/10. I simmered the cooked ground beef in a 1/2 cup of chicken broth, garlic powder, a small amount (1/2 tsp?) of onion powder instead of chopped onion, dried green pepper (1 TBS?) instead of chopped green pepper, a spoon of olive oil, and a I few crushed red pepper flakes (1/4 tsp?), covered, until it reduced to barely wet, to get it extra flavorful. Then I stirred in the ketchup, mustard, and brown sugar and let it simmer, covered, another 5 minutes. If it seems too flat at the end, try stirring in a little salt. If it seems too sweet try stirring in a spoon of fresh squeezed lemon or a spoon of vinegar. Use chili sauce in place of ketchup. add a 1/4 cup of sweet pickle relish, 2 Tbsp vinegar, 1 Tbsp Worchester sauce, and chopped celery This was a hit in our house! My husband loved it and the bell peppers and onion just made everything come together. I may just add some more peppers, or even a red pepper for a kick next time! I only added about half of the brown sugar, and a little bit more ketchup. Others suggested adding a little barbecue sauce which I may try next time! I substituted ground beef for ground turkey breast. They key is to not overcook it and if needed, add a little water. Delish! Loved this! I live in Taiwan where beef is quite expensive so I made it with pork and added a 1/4 cup of BBQ sauce, a little liquid smoke and a jalapeño for a little kick. Absolutely wonderful! This is my go-to recipe. I try to sneak as many veggies in as I can - minced garlic, finely chopped celery, shredded carrots, and finely chopped spinach as well as the onion and bell pepper in the recipe. It also makes it go a little further. This is a great recipe. It is super easy to make. Sorry, Manwich, you're history in this house!** I make this regularly without the green pepper. Today I upped the brown sugar to 2 Tbl and I added 2 Tbl Worchestershire sauce and put in a large onion, diced. Yum!!! This is a great base recipe. I made a few modifications. Add - 3 Slices Bacon - cooked & chopped; 1 Cup plain tomato Sauce or Plain Pasta Sauce; 2Tbsp Brown Sugar (light or dark); 1Tbsp prepared brown mustard (with the seeds); 1Tbsp BBQ Sauce; 1Tbsp Apple Cider Vinegar; 1Tbsp Unsulfphured Molasses; 1Tbsp Sweet Pickle Relish (this is the kicker to making it sweet/sour); 2tsp Garlic powder or 3 cloves crushed (the kind in a jar works great) add once meat is cooked to allow it to bloom; 1tsp salt (or garlic salt); 1Tbsp Flour (at the end if needed to thicken if too soupy). Transfer all cooked ingredient to a crock pot continue cooking on low for 1-2 hours. I followed others' suggestions. I used ground turkey. I also added a little honey barbecue sauce and less brown sugar, added some tomato paste with a little water. (depends how thick and saucy you want your sloppy joes) Husband loved it...I'll be keeping this version!! This was fantastic, I sauteed the onions and red pepper separately with fresh garlic, we like them caramelized. I double the sauce, and instead of all ketchup I used 1/2 ketchup, 1/2 baby Rays BBQ sauce.A keeper...thanks! This is our 2nd go with this recipe and we love it with just a few minor adjustments. We added a bit more onion and green bell pepper and a jar of our home made salsa. This time we served it over mashed potatoes on toast, sprinkled with cheese. Thank you for sharing your recipe with us! This is the second time that I have made this, the first time I did not change a thing and it was delicious! This time I used about 1 1/2 lbs of each ground beef and ground turkey. Yellow pepper instead of green and added about 2 tsp of W sauce. It came out amazing. Will definitely make again. Great recipe!  Just like mom made on chilly football weekends.  Only difference was I added a tspoon of Kinder's steak blend seasoning instead of salt and pepper.  A keeper for sure. This was my first time having Sloppy Joes that DIDN'T come from a can and I don't think I can ever go back!!! Absolutely delicious! 5/5 Great as is.  Might play with reviewer suggestions - sugar & ketchup amounts, dry mustard, celery etc., but not necessary. used a red pepper as green dominates taste to me Good recipe base.  I add hot sauce to taste cayenne pepper garlic pwdr onion powder salt n pepper.Finish with crispy onions on top and pickle slices on bottom Hubby loves it!!
