Ultimate Twice-Baked Potatoes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/24332/ultimate-twice-baked-potatoes/
Gather ingredients and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake potatoes in the preheated oven until tender, about 1 hour, depending on the size of your potatoes. Set potatoes aside until cool enough to handle. otdash Meredith Food Studio Meanwhile, place bacon in a large, deep skillet. Cook over medium-high heat until evenly brown. Drain, crumble, and set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Slice potatoes in half lengthwise and scoop the flesh into a large bowl; save skins. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add sour cream, milk, butter, salt, pepper, 1/2 cup cheese, and 1/2 of the green onions to the potato; mix with a hand mixer until well blended and creamy. otdash Meredith Food Studio Spoon the mixture into the potato skins; top each with remaining cheese, green onions, and bacon. otdash Meredith Food Studio Return potatoes to the preheated oven and continue baking until the cheese is melted, about 15 minutes. Serve Hot! otdash Meredith Food Studio
I've made these twice and they are always a hit! I read the other reviews and here's what I suggest:1) I use the largest potatoes I can find. It doesn't matter if you cook them at 350,400 whatever. The point is to cook them until a knife will go easily through them. It usually takes me an hour and a half. I also wrap mine in foil with a teeny bit of butter and salted. 2) I also mash mine with about 1/2 pkg of cream cheese. I just happen to really like cream cheese. :-)3) I mix the bacon in the potato mixture. I don't mess with topping it usually. 4) The easiest way to get the mixture into the shells is to spoon it all into a large Ziploc bag, snip a corner off the bag, and squeeze it into the shells. No mess! 5) If you're in a hurry, you can also broil the potatoes until the tops start to brown. Quicker than baking.6) These freeze really well wrapped in plastic wrap and then aluminum foil. I added red pepper flakes for a little kick. I omitted the bacon and substituted hickory smoked gouda. I used 8 Russet potatoes because they were smaller. I've been making these for years. I set up a little salad bar and let each guest add their own toppings. Then place under broiler. I made mine with the red skin potatoes. I wrapped them in foil with some butter and baked at 350 for an hour. I cut 1/3 off, scraped potato from lid and remainder of potato, being careful not to scrape too close to the skin. Before I refilled the potatoes, I placed the lid skin in the bottom. I added a little sour cream while mashing. Filled, then topped with remaining bacon and cheese. Baked 20 minutes at 350, then topped with chives. SCRUMPTIOUS :)))) Great! Made these for New Year's Eve dinner. Subbed grated parm for cheddar (as I forgot to buy it!) and added some sauteed onion instead of chives to the potato mixture. Made them the night before and put them on a cookie sheet covered in frig overnight, then warmed them for 35 min in oven. Delicious! Our dinner party loved them! i used red potatoes and no milk and they turned out perfect! using the small red potatoes would make a great appitizer. Good recipe, but not exceptional, especially taking into account that it is time - consuming. I had no problems with the recipe though, thus the rating. I used sauteed yellow onions, 'cause I didn't have any green ones and added some curry powder into the creamed mixture, as we love the potato - curry combo. Love this recipe! I've made these numerous times and they always turn out great. I will usually also add a bit of celery salt and garlic salt for a little extra flavor. If in a hurry also works great to put the filling into a casserole dish and bake rather than dealing with stuffing the skins. Great either way! i have made these for years...not low fat ....lol....i use more cheeses .. 8 potatoes 4 cups cheese... 1 pound of bacon... try adding broccoli. and ham for a lunch...... family favorite ...good with steak pork or bbq chicken..... thanks for sharing these really are the ultimate Every time I make these it is a huge hit! They are always the first thing gone. I changed it up a little though... I take bacon along with a little bacon grease (i know gross but SO good) and mix them in with the filling. The bacon grease makes the filling consistency perfect. Also I add replaced the salt with Season Salt and added a teaspoon of garlic... SO GOOD!!! Made 6 people recipe but don't know what to do with the rest of the potato innards that we're left over. Super easy with a simple tweak or two for me - I hand mix with a potato masher and use (real) bacon bits - voila - easy peasy delicious! Always a crowd pleaser! I substituted Turkey Bacon for the regular bacon (which isn't as flavorful) but pork free at my house. I used Siggi's Skyr for the sour cream. I'd put the "bacon" in the potato mixture next time for more flavor. Not much fit on top. The potatoes took longer to bake than an hour. I'll par-bake them in the microwave next time. This would make a nice side for our friends dinner get together. It's fairly simple to make but very time consuming baking the potatoes in the oven. Delicious!!!
