Hot Dog Mummies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/244231/hot-dog-mummies/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place hot dogs in a saucepan and cover with water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until warmed through, about 5 minutes. Drain. Roll crescent dough onto a work surface; tear into 8 pieces. Roll 1 piece dough around each hot dog, creating the look of a mummy. Place dots of mustard on the top of each for the eyes, nose, and mouth. Arrange hot dogs on a baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until crescent dough is golden brown and flaky, about 10 minutes.
Great and easy recipe, but we do this for a once in a while treat as it's not too healthy. However, it can be even faster --since hot dogs are already cooked in the package, no need to boil them -- just poke a couple of holes in each one with a fork before you wrap them up in the dough. Skip the step of boiling them -- they get plenty hot in the oven. Super cute idea! I didn't end up having time to fashion the eyes but it didn't matter because they turned out so well. The kids loved dipping these in bloody ketchup and was a perfect snack before trick or treating. I cooked mine in the air fryer prior to baking. Thank you for the great idea! made these along with 5 complicated, multi ingredient dips.  i halved lengthwise the hot dogs, then slit open again and added slices of cheese inside the sliced dogs.i got more compliments on this than anything else! and mine weren’t pretty. love this! however, the crust was hard to make I did this for adults (LOL) for my tiny little Halloween celebration in our backyard with just a couple of Quaranteam friends this year. Quick and easy. I used the Pillsbury Crescent Roll dough, and I had enough from one package for 1.5 packages of hot dogs. They came out so cute and everyone loved them. I used a couple of dollops of mustard for the eyes - just couldn't see using CANDY eyes (which I had, and used instead for green colored Rice Crispy treat Frankenstein's monsters) for such a savory snack. I make these for Halloween every year. So cute and easy. I use angus beef hot dogs. And thin slices of midget pickles for the eyes. Grandkids loved making these and they were super cute. I thought crescent dough was too sweet. Maybe try biscuit dough. I did not cook the hot dogs and just wrapped them with the crescent dough.  I would recommend letting the hot dogs come to room temperature before wrapping and baking. A few of the hot dogs were a little cool in the middle. My six year old son helped to make it as well. It turned out very nicely. Please note that the recipe called for eyes that are mustard, where the pic has sugar eyes. If you like that look, pick up some eyeballs at the store as well as the rest. It was a hit at dinner. What the boys and myself didn't finish my husband did! I would do this again next year for sure.
