Chef John's Beef Rouladen
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/244200/chef-johns-beef-rouladen/
Place slices of beef on a work surface, Season both sides with kosher salt and pepper. Spread one side with mustard. Place bacon strips on the mustard and sprinkle with paprika. Arrange onion slices cross-wise on the beef. Then evenly space 3 pickle slices across each slice of beef. Keep about an inch of the narrowest end of the beef slice free of toppings to facilitate rolling it up. Roll each slice of meat, beginning from the wider of the two short ends, working to keep all ingredients inside the roll. Rolls should be nice and tight. Secure the rolls (seam side down) with 3 loops of butcher's twine, one in the middle and one at each end. Trim excess string. Heat vegetable oil over medium-high heat in a large saucepan. Cook beef, turning and browning well on all sides, about 8 minutes. Remove meat from pan. Reduce heat to medium-low. Melt butter in the pan; whisk in the flour, cooking for about 1 minute. Pour in cold beef broth and whisk vigorously to combine. Raise heat to medium-high and simmer until sauce begins to thicken, about 1 minute. Transfer beef rolls to pan along with accumulated juices. Reduce heat to very low. Simmer gently, covered, turning rolls every 20 minutes or so, until beef is tender, about 1 1/2 hours. When the tip of a sharp knife can easily be inserted into the beef roll, the meat is done. Transfer meat to dish to allow it to rest. Raise heat to high and bring cooking liquid to a simmer to thicken slightly to make a gravy, about 1 minute. Serve rouladen with gravy.
I love to make these! My mother was from Poland and she used sweet pickle instead...both have a great flavor. I also like the way you use the whole piece of meat and roll up. I would cut it up into 3 pieces and makes smaller rollups which is so much work. and I use toothpicks..my mother also made a saltine cracker stuffing (crushed crackers, chopped onions, 1 egg, Kellogg's corn flake crumbs, and milk) rollup along with the pickle ones. Thanks for posting and the idea of rolling up in one piece! Impressive delicious recipe. My additions:1 cup of red wine and omit 1 cup of water and "Better Than Bouillon" beef base to make the gravy.1 pickle spear per meat slice ( 1 large pickle quartered)Chopped onionsI bay leaf. Putting this together was actually very simple, and the gravy is easy to make and quite tasty, but the meat cooks too long in the gravy and it came out very dry on the outside.  Cooking time should be cut in half..  Center of the roll was better than the outside.  I made some braised cabbage that helped with the dryness of the meat if we mixed it together.  Roasted some baby golden potatoes as a side dish.  I won’t make this again. Just like my German Grandma used to make! Perfect My grandpa's recipe was exactly the same, except he chopped the onions and bacon, used yellow mustard instead of Dijon and left out the pickles: pickles were for northern Germans, not Bavarians such as himself!  I'mgoing to make these for Christmas dinner myself this year, and I'll squeeze a little bit of tomato paste: it enhances it subtly, both to your taste buds and your eyes.  Mashed potatoes and red cabbage round out the perfect German dinner.And a warning to all: these taste sooo good that you'll be tempted to eat more than one or two.  Don't do it - you'll be miserable once they expand in your stomach! classic recipe, delicious. When I don't have pickles I use a few capers and its still delicious. To save time I pressure cook them for 20 minutes. The gravy can be modified with carrots too.I find making rouladen a nice touchstone to my family history as Mom made this and saurbraden . It brings back childhood memories. No changes needed. The meat was very tender and the gravy was delicious! I did not like it at first but after a couple of changes to the ingredients I thought it was a perfectly fine meal. I served it to my family, and they enjoyed it and they though it was an extremely complicated meal. Even though it was so simple. I am looking forward to trying out some more of Chef Johns recipes in the future. I have made this several times and it is lovely. It may not be traditional for some folks, but for me it's fine as it is. As seniors, my husband and I have to watch our sodium intake, so I never add salt anywhere and also use low-sodium bacon and broth. Thank you for sharing your simple version.
