Vegan Thai Mac n Cheese
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/244384/vegan-thai-mac-n-cheese/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place sunflower seeds in a bowl and pour in enough water to cover; soak for about 10 minutes. Mix 1 1/2 cans coconut milk, 1/4 cup curry paste, 1/4 cup cilantro, juice of 1 lime, and 1/2 teaspoon salt together in a saucepan; cook and stir over medium-low heat until curry sauce is thickened, about 5 minutes. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook elbow macaroni in the boiling water, stirring occasionally until cooked through but firm to the bite, 8 minutes. Drain and mix pasta into curry sauce; cook and stir over low heat. Place a steamer insert into a saucepan and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer. Bring water to a boil. Add broccoli, cover, and steam until tender, about 2 minutes. Season broccoli with salt and curry powder and transfer to a 9x13-inch baking dish. Drain sunflower seeds and place in a blender with remaining coconut cream, remaining curry paste, remaining cilantro, juice of 1 lime, nutritional yeast, and sugar; blend until thick and smooth. Spoon pasta mixture over broccoli. Pour sunflower seed mixture over pasta and stir to coat evenly. Bake in the preheated oven until sauce is bubbling, about 10 minutes.
This is very good. I bet cashews would work here if you are out of sunflower seeds. The lime gives it an edge. I added some extra sunflower seeds before popping it in the oven for some extra crunch. Next time, I will definitely add some cauliflower. Thank you for the recipe. This was very interesting! Good flavor. I’m new to cooking without cheese due to my husbands diet restrictions. He liked it! Only change I made was to half the recipe since there was only two of use and skipped the nutritional yeast since I didn’t have any. I’m not sure what that does for the recipe but we liked it. This was delicious! I didn’t have curry paste, so I just used red curry powder, added 1/2 t garlic, 1/2 tsp ginger, 1 lemon zest.  I also used a little corn starch slurry to thicken the coconut curry mixture. I mixed the sunflower mixture into the coconut curry mixture and then tossed the noodles and broccoli in the sauce. Amazing recipe! Don’t expect it to taste anything like Mac and cheese but everybody I shared this meal with loved it! I think the recipe could have been written in a much less confusing way as it made it kind of hectic to make because I had to calculate a lot of measurements that should have been plainly stated in the later part of the recipe but the meal itself is stellar. Definitely going to be making this again soon. Pretty good concept - I added a few more vegetables. This is very good. I bet cashews would work here if you are out of sunflower seeds. The lime gives it an edge. I added some extra sunflower seeds before popping it in the oven for some extra crunch. Next time, I will definitely add some cauliflower. Thank you for the recipe.
