Buttered Noodles
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/244458/buttered-noodles/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil. Stir in fettuccine, bring back to a boil, and cook pasta over medium heat until tender yet firm to the bite, 8 to 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Drain and return pasta to pot. Mix butter, Parmesan cheese, salt, and pepper into pasta until evenly combined. Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
I gave it 5 stars due to the people making sarcastic comments of such an easy recipe being posted. Please keep in mind that there are people who are just starting to learn to cook. These posts are not only people sharing their recipes but also sharing their knowledge and teaching others. Be kind. Was my childhood favorite and the added parm. cheese is PERFECT!ps: I still make this simple recipe whenever I want some quick and tasty comfort food, also as an adult now I add some shredded mozzarella cheese (already shredded in the bag at any grocery store) which melts quickly on top of or stirred into the hot noodles/pasta along with the butter! YUMMY!!Even add any (Streamable veggies in the bag ) popped into the microwave ha! My mom made this but added fried bread—bread cut into tiny bits and fried in butter until crispy. It added a bit of crunch (and even more butter taste). I have been making this dish for many years. I usually add frozen peas in the boiling noodles during the last 5 minutes. We used store-bought Sausage tortellini from Aldi. Whoa! So delicious. Cooked tortellini in half cup of water then butter as water evaporated. Added extra red pepper and Gouda and Asiago cheeses. Melted nicely. Will make more often! Definitely add garlic and onion powder to the butter before adding noodles back to the butter. It works well with Rice Noodles to be Gluten-free. I use Trader Joe's Rice Noodles. I make this a lot when I do not have time to cook and just need to stave off hunger. Those of us in Ohio have learned from the Amish to tweak this recipe slightly by cooking the noodles in chicken broth. Really takes the flavor up a notch! This is our family's favorite comfort food. The only difference is we use egg noodles and use cottage cheese instead of parmesan. My mother called it poor man's fettucine. Probably a recipe she used from the depression or WWII. I grew up with it and it and so did my kids. If I were blessed with grandchildren, they would be eating it too! Was starting to get hungry, thinking about lunch when I read today's email. Decided, "what the heck."My only cooking appliance is a microwave. So, my noodle of choice is ramen. I pitch the "flavor" packet.The noodle brick is only 3oz, so I measured the other ingredients based on 3/16 of what the recipe called for. I made the buttered noodles, then decided to add a pouch of lemon pepper tuna.Decent lunch, although I wished I would have thought to add the half a can of peas that are in the fridge.This will be an oft repeated side dish that becomes a main dish as I think of stuff to add to it. It was great. I threw in some sautéed garlic and that really brought it together ADD BACON (pancetta) KIM CHI X-TRA DELCIOUS!! A very easy and quick meal. Needed to find an understated recipe to pair with Chef John’s Chicken Parmesan from this site. This fit the bill! The ONLY change was that I added 2 cloves of garlic which, in Step 4 - melted half the butter, sautéed the garlic for about 1.5 min, added the noodles, turned off the stove, and added the remaining butter, salt, pepper and Parmesan cheese. You could add red pepper flakes here but again, I was using this to delicately compliment a bold main dish.  Yes; butter noodles are like “too simple to need a recipe” but if you want the ratio to be right, this recipe is a good one to follow. Thanks elohel! my brother didn't eat anything except buttered noodles when he was a kid. (and not much more as an adult) my mom made these noodles so often to get him to eat something that my sister and I got sick of them.  thanks for bringing this easy tasty side back into my life. Simple, economical, and won't require a run to the store. The flavours are very simplistic, but that's not a bad thing! I'm a spicy gal, but not every dish needs to kick you in the teeth with seasoning. That said, it's also very good with a little bit of garlic and chili flakes.Great recipe! It's delicious and I appreciate that you posted this simple recipe.   Sometimes us newbies know what ingredients to use but not the amounts,  so this is helpful. Great easy, weeknight side dish. Super easy dinner with good flavor. I used margarine and it was just as good, surprisingly not salty. I threw in frozen broccoli with the pasta. I love no brainer dinners like these. Loved this recipe!  Reminds me of my childhood, but a little easier to make.  Delicious!  Thank you Elohel for sharing!
