Baked Chicken Schnitzel
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/244950/baked-chicken-schnitzel/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line a large baking sheet with aluminum foil and drizzle olive oil over foil. Place the baking sheet in the oven as it preheats. Meanwhile, place chicken breasts between 2 sheets of plastic wrap on a solid, level surface. Firmly pound with the smooth side of a meat mallet to 1/4-inch thickness. Season both sides with salt and pepper. Mix flour and paprika together in a shallow bowl. Whisk eggs, salt, and pepper together in a second shallow bowl. Mix bread crumbs and lemon zest together in a third shallow bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Dredge one piece of chicken in flour; shake off excess. Dip into beaten egg. Lift up so excess egg drips back in the bowl. Press into bread crumbs to coat both sides. Place the breaded chicken, unstacked, onto a plate. Repeat with remaining chicken. Remove the baking sheet from the oven. Arrange chicken in a single layer on the hot sheet. Drizzle more olive oil over each piece. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven for 5 to 6 minutes. Flip chicken and continue baking until no longer pink in the center and the breading is lightly browned, 5 to 6 minutes more. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio
Made following recipe exactly, except we didn't flip the chicken and it certainly wasn't soggy. We had great praise from the 56 people to whom we served it. Easy to make. Served with pickled red cabbage, German Spaetzle Dumplings (AR), and my own mushroom gravy, for an excellent Oktoberfest luncheon. Dessert was Deep Dish Brownies (AR) served with a Quick Cherry Sauce. I made it with potato chips instead of breadcrumbs. I had to bake it a little longer. It was delicious. This recipe was tasty with tweaks. It is rather plain as written, so I added different seasonings to suit my tastes. I also don’t get the baking method suggested in this recipe. After reading reviews I saw it caused quite a few issues, so I just baked them but that created a soggy crust so I end up pan frying them anyway to get a crisp. Will just stick with pan frying from the get-go next time. Excellent! I ran out of bread crumbs so I used crunched-up Chez-its. Yummy! So good! Tried it several times.  Always good.  Love the bake hack with the olive oil.  People complained about the smoke.  Yes, olive oil is a lower heat oil, but it won’t smoke if you heat the oil during the period of heating the oven up and the taking the sheet  out once it reaches the temperature and then add the chicken. I know this recipe has a lot of great reviews.    Maybe you needed prior schnitzel experience.    My oven smoked and smelled.   I would definitely use panko.   It was a lot of paprika.   We didn’t like it at all. First off,  you need to bake on parchment paper so it won't stick to the pan. Now if you don't want it to smoke drop temperature to 400 and don't use olive oil use a high temp. Oil such as Avocado oil or veg oil. What a damn mess!  Any advice to oil a cooking sheet in an oven at 425 degrees is just an invitation for the smoke alarm to wail away.  And if it splatters it’s the gift that keeps on giving in the oven.  The the whole thing out. Super recipe loved by everyone 3 to 75! Made exactly as directed. Thank you!
