Agave-Sweetened Lemon Meringue Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/244928/agave-sweetened-lemon-meringue-pie/
Whisk water, 3/4 cup agave nectar, cornstarch, flour, zest and juice from 2 1/2 lemons, and salt together in a saucepan; bring to a boil just until lemon mixture coats a spoon, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir butter into lemon mixture until melted; remove saucepan from heat. Whisk 1/2 cup lemon mixture with the egg yolks in a bowl to temper the yolks. Return saucepan to medium-low heat and slowly whisk tempered egg yolks into remaining lemon mixture until thickened, 3 to 5 minutes. Spoon lemon mixture into pie crust. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Beat egg whites and 1/2 teaspoon lemon juice in a clean bowl using an electric mixer until soft peaks form; add 2 tablespoons agave nectar and continue beating until stiff peaks form. Spoon egg white mixture on top of lemon mixture, making sure to completely cover the lemon mixture. Bake in the preheated oven until meringue is golden brown, about 10 minutes.
This pie turned out great. It would have been easier if the recipe called for a particular amount of lemon juice instead of “juice from 2 1/2 lemons”. My lemons were huge so I had to research the equivalents. Other than that, the recipe was easy to follow and we enjoyed the flavors and zero refined sugar! Easy to make and great flavor, I have made this pie several times and always a hit. This is the BEST and easiest pie I have ever made!  When a neighbor shared from their abundant  lemon trees I wondered what I was going to do with them all? Being familiar with Agave syrup (we use it in our coffee) l figured I’d try it in this pie.  It turned out tart/sweet and very lemony.  I loved sharing it with my neighbor who is borderline diabetic.  It was a hit and I’m going to make another one today!  BTW, I don’t make crusts.  I’m “dough”  challenged!  Marie Calendar’s are great! I wanted to try this since it didn't call for sugar & I use Agave regularly.  It was delicious.  I didn't miss the sugar at all.  The meringue was a bit funky, but still tasty.  I added a bit more zest for the twang, but other than that I followed the recipe exact.  I would be doing this one again. This pie turned out great. It would have been easier if the recipe called for a particular amount of lemon juice instead of “juice from 2 1/2 lemons”. My lemons were huge so I had to research the equivalents. Other than that, the recipe was easy to follow and we enjoyed the flavors and zero refined sugar!
