Red Cabbage with Apples
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/244977/red-cabbage-with-apples/
Heat coconut oil over medium heat in a large skillet; cook and stir bacon, onion, and garlic until fragrant, about 5 minutes. Stir cabbage into bacon mixture and toss to coat with oil. Cover skillet, reduce the heat, and cook, stirring occasionally, until cabbage begins to soften, about 10 minutes. Stir cider vinegar and brown sugar together in a bowl; pour over cabbage mixture. Stir apples into cabbage mixture; cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until most of the liquid has evaporated and cabbage is tender, about 35 minutes. Remove pan from heat and allow cabbage mixture to stand, covered, for about 5 minutes; season with salt and pepper.
Even my mom who is skeptical about cabbage loved this! I did change a few things up however. I omitted the coconut oil, b/c w/ bacon, I feel that it is unnecessary. Left out garlic. I cooked the bacon and onion, added cabbage and apples like it said, and then when I added the vinegar and sugar mixture, I tossed it and coated it in the pan and then added to the crock pot on low for 4-5 hours and the cabbage and apples got really nice and tender. The things I'd do differently next time are add only one apple and use a Granny smith l ( I accidentally used a sweeter variety and it was too sweet for my liking ). Delicious! Made this just as written with green apples because that's what I had on hand. My husband said it is the best cabbage I've ever made. Kinda helps when  I'm having a cocktail while cooking I guess It was terrific.  We added a bit more garlic and vinegar but it was a great side dish. Delicious... cooked a bit longer cause I like mine good and soft! Even my mom who is skeptical about cabbage loved this!  I did change a few things up however.  I omitted the coconut oil, b/c w/ bacon, I feel that it is unnecessary.   Left out garlic.  I cooked the bacon and onion, added cabbage and apples like it said, and then when I added the vinegar and sugar mixture, I tossed it and coated it in the pan and then added to the crock pot on low for 4-5 hours and the cabbage and apples got really nice and tender.  The things I'd do differently next time are add only one apple and use a Granny smith l ( I accidentally used a sweeter variety and it was too sweet for my liking ). Absolutely delicious!! I loved it. Added 1tsp. Caraway seeds 5 min. Before serving.
