Creamy Pumpkin Pasta Bake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/245027/creamy-pumpkin-pasta-bake/
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease a 9x13-inch baking dish. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil; cook the rotini at a boil until tender yet firm to the bite, about 8 minutes; drain. Cook and stir sausage in a skillet over medium heat until browned and crumbly, 5 to 10 minutes. Drain sausage on paper towels and reserve 2 tablespoons grease in the skillet. Add oil to grease in the skillet; cook and stir onion, garlic, and red pepper flakes in the hot oil-grease until onion is soft, about 3 minutes. Stir chicken broth, pumpkin, bacon, Italian seasoning, and salt into onion mixture; bring to a boil. Lower heat and simmer for 5 minutes. Stir cream and sausage into broth mixture and simmer until creamy and thickened, about 5 minutes. Add rotini and gently toss. Transfer mixture to the prepared baking dish and top with Parmesan cheese. Bake in the preheated oven until bubbling and golden brown, about 35 minutes.
Very good casserole! I made it as the recipe was written, except I used tricolor rotini (very pretty for fall!), and used half and half instead of cream. The consistency was fine, and we loved the flavor! I'm passing it on to friends! Everyone in my family liked this pumpkin pasta bake.  I felt the sauce did not have enough of the pumpkin flavor.  The red pepper dominated.  If I make it again I will add more traditional pumpkin spices like some sage, cinnamon, and  nutmeg; and maybe sub some cayenne for the red pepper flakes. Super great! No taste of pumpkin (used my leftover pureed pumpkin from Hallowe'en)- I used gluten free pasta, tomato basil chicken sausage, 1/2 &1/2 cream (10%) instead of full fat whipping cream & used asiago instead of parm. Definitely a keeper, teens & husband went back for 2nd helpings. Absolutely delicious!  Like others, the taste of pumpkin didn't directly come through, but the blend of ingredients created a great mix that really comes together in its own unique way.  Great for family, pitch-ins, and groups! Excellent.  I used pumpkin ravioli so I omitted the pumpkin and I used  pork sausage (that’s what I had) This was delicious! I made it for a neighborhood party and everyone really liked it. I used regular Italian sausage because that's what I had on hand, half & half, butternut squash and about half the red pepper flakes. It's a keeper! Tastes pretty good This was delicious and a lovely change from our usual pasta dishes. We eat pasta once or twice a week and will definitely add this one to our rotation. Being lactose intolerant, I substituted 3/4c plain almond milk for the cream and used 1/2c parm on the bake then let the non-lactose intolerant family add their parm at the table. Also omitted bacon for fat reduction. Didn't miss it, but I'm sure it would be good (obviously, it's bacon). Also sliced the onion, rather than dice, for a little added texture, just as a personal preference, and used chicken sausage (lower fat, my stomach is weak). Would be excellent with a little shredded mozzarella baked as well, for the non-lactose intolerant folks. Wonderful flavor, creamy texture, and easy ingredients that are generally on hand or easy to store in the pantry make this a keeper for easy weeknights or to impress company. Wow! This is incredible! I wanted to make it because of the unusual combination of ingredients and it will be a dish I make again. I wouldn’t change a thing. Using tri-colored rotini is a great way to make it look appealing. Delicious. I used half n half. Only change would be to reduce the red pepper a tad for company. My family Ioves spicy, but grandma couldn’ t take the heat.
