Cream Cheese Pumpkin Roll
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/245257/cream-cheese-pumpkin-roll/
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease a 10x15-inch jelly roll pan and line with waxed paper. Make the cake: Combine flour, cinnamon, baking powder, ginger, nutmeg, and salt in a medium bowl. Beat sugar and eggs in a large bowl with an electric mixer until well blended. Stir in pumpkin purée. Add flour mixture and stir until just blended. Pour batter into the prepared jelly roll pan. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool in the pan for 10 minutes. Turn cake out onto a clean kitchen towel. Remove and discard waxed paper. Starting with the short end of the cake, roll both the cake and towel up into a log; let cool completely, about 30 minutes. While the cake is cooling, make the filling: Beat cream cheese, confectioners' sugar, butter, pumpkin purée, and vanilla in a mixing bowl until smooth. Spread a large sheet of plastic wrap on a work surface. Carefully unroll the cooled cake onto the plastic wrap. Spread filling over the cake, re-roll the cake (without the towel), and wrap carefully with plastic wrap. Transfer the filled cake, seam-side down, to a plate. Refrigerate until fully chilled, about 2 hours.
After reading the reviews, and people said the cake stuck to the wax/parchment paper, I wondered why no one thought to lightly spray it with Pam. I did, and had no problems. I decided to try this out. I used to buy the pumpkin rolls in the store. Now I can make it year around! I love just about anything pumpkin! Will definitely make this again! My grandchildren love this cake roll. My mom made cake rolls frequently. She used parchment paper and icing sugar sprinkled on a clean tea towel. When the cake was cooled, she slowly unwrapped it and iced it. Today I am working with my 8 year old granddaughter to make this one. I did not like it all. It puffed up really big and hard to roll not to mention that it stuck to the parchment paper and everything else.  Will find another reciepe. First time I ever made a log roll.  I used a silicone mat to bake the cake with instead of flour and oil on pan.  I used a cheesecloth to roll cake to cool.  I realized one thing I did differently was I mixed all the dry ingredients together, yes even the powdered sugar.  Cake turned out just fine though and my family loved it . so good, not too pumpkin-y as someone who isn't a huge fan of pumpkin and the puree in the filling is just *chefs kiss* I used gluten-free flour so my mom could eat some, and it turned out fantastic! Super easy recipe to follow. Super tasty to eat. It also looks beautiful as a centerpiece.Dear Hubby and I made this as our debut Swiss Roll after watching the Great British Bake Off. And even though we are not dessert lovers, we will definitely be making this recipe again.Full disclosure, we did cut the powdered sugar by 1/4 cup as we don't like things super sweet.Tips: don't be afraid to really powder sugar the tea towell and use greased parchment paper to keep the sponge cake from sticking.Also, after 12 minutes of baking, we checked the cake every minute with a gentle finger to the top. When it was springy but not damp, we pulled it from the oven. I think it took 16 minutes of baking in our oven. Easy, beautiful, and delicious. I did dust a tea towel with powdered sugar prior to rolling and cooling.  Will definitely be making it again! A helpful hint from other dessert rolls is to sift powdered sugar over tea towel when rolling up.  I think I sprinkled powdered sugar on the 2nd roll up as well. Recipe is good. Just one thing. Should line the pan with parchment, not wax paper.
