Chef John's Roasted Butternut Squash Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/245272/chef-johns-roasted-butternut-squash-soup/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Start the soup: Drizzle olive oil into large roasting pan. Add onion, carrots, garlic cloves, and a big pinch of salt; toss until vegetables are coated in oil. Place squash halves onto the chopped vegetables with the cut sides facing up. Sprinkle squash with additional salt. otdash Meredith Food Studio Roast in the preheated oven until squash is tender and easily pierced with the tip of a knife, about 1 hour. Remove from the oven and allow vegetables to cool a bit. otdash Meredith Food Studio While the vegetables are cooling, make the brown butter: Melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat. When butter foams and starts to turn golden brown, reduce the heat to low. When butter turns from golden to a light, nutty brown, remove from the heat and immediately stir in sage leaves. otdash Meredith Food Studio Finish the soup: Scoop out squash flesh and place into a large stockpot with remaining roasted vegetables. Stir in chicken broth, brown butter mixture, and maple syrup. Place the pot over high heat and bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat to low and slowly simmer to blend flavors, 45 to 60 minutes. Remove from the heat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Blend with an immersion blender until very smooth, 3 to 4 minutes. Pass mixture through a strainer to remove any remaining fibrous bits. otdash Meredith Food Studio If soup seems too thick, add a few tablespoons of water or chicken broth. Stir in cider vinegar, a pinch of salt if needed, and cayenne pepper. Garnish each serving with a dollop of crème fraîche and chopped chives. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Made the soup exactly as per the recipe...best butternut squash soup I have ever made. You can really taste the roasted carrots and onions. The wife raved about it. 14 year old daughter...not so much. She had tater tots Perfect with no modifications. Be careful with the veggies… they may be done way before the squash Chef John hasn't steered me wrong...until now. The recipe was super easy to make and, in the beginning, looked promising. However, as I started adding the final ingrediants, I had my doubts...especially concerning the apple cider vinegar. What started out as a very rich soup became an overly tangy one where the vinegar flavor overpowered the subtle richness of the squash. If you want it add, at most, a teaspoon. Or just delete it completely! It's not needed at all. I've made this several times. It's a regular every autumn and winter. it is absolutely fantastic.I've added my own personal variation.Before adding everything to the soup pot... I put some chopped summer sausage in the cold pot, bring that up to temp on medium, and let it fry and get brown, then add the other ingredients.10/10. i love you chef john I loved this! I used leftover roasted butternut squash from the freezer, just roasted the veggies. Following the recipe and it was great! Fresh sage from the garden and green onions on top! Will do again on a cold winter evening! This soup was a perfect cold weather meal! I skipped the vinegar and the straining. Used cream cheese instead of CF and everything else I followed as is. Toasted points and it was all goooood. My wife commented that next time cook some maple million dollar bacon to sprinkle over top to add a bit of crunchy goodness. Not a bad idea. Made this for a church dinner and got rave reviews. Very flavorful.I tried to keep to the recipe. Didn't have fresh sage so used crushed. It worked. Skipped the vinegar and creme fraiche and straining, and it was still very good. This was the first time I have ever made butternut squash soup and this recipe was excellent! I added in a small sweet potato as I had it on hand and cut out the maple syrup as the soup was sweet enough with the sweet potato.  Otherwise, followed the recipe!  It was a big hit! Made exactly as written and wouldn’t change a thing.  Delicious!! I changed little except I didn't use sage leaves and subbed sour cream for crème fraîche. I didn't like the maple syrup as I feel it takes away from the taste of the squash. Also it wasn't creamy enough for me. Very tasty!  Was a little bit more work than I had thought.  Veggies burned.  Next time I will remove veggies at about 15 minutes not 1 hour. Love this recipe! Only thing I changed was instead of the creme fraiche I stirred in some Coconut milk at the end and topped off each bowl with a few raw pepitas. Yummy! Great flavor from roasting.Everyone loves this. Just made about 2 gallons, X4 squash, for Thanksgiving. (Freezes well) I definitely like the roasted squash flavor vs other methods. It is a bit more time consuming.I started roasting the veggies in a separate pan as my squash tends to take longer and avoids crisping veggies too much.Also have cut back on broth (to about 3/4 of recipe) as I prefer it thick and creamier.Without an immersion blender, I have been using my counter blender to puree everything. It hasn't needed straining. But def takes longer to blend to a smooth consistency a few scoops at a time.It gets better with each time it's made! For the very negative reviews…notice how they don’t seem to understand basic cooking concepts, and ruin their own food. Kitchen ain’t your wheelhouse!  The recipe is amazing, have made it in the past and I’m making it…right now, today.  Basic skill: know what you like. If you don’t like a lot of acid, don’t use the vinegar.  If you’re absolutely insane and don’t like the char roasted flavor…don’t like the char roasted flavor, then yes…don’t Chop the veggies small, because they burn…this a no brainer, cause You’re roasting a 3 1/2 pound squash…with some small vegetables. Go back to the kitchen …and MAKE IT AGAIN! otherwise NO SOUP FOR YOU! LOL but seriously, make it again and do it the right way.
