Breakfast Pita Pizza
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/245260/breakfast-pita-pizza/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Place bacon in a large skillet and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Cook and stir onion in the same skillet until soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Remove and set aside. Heat olive oil in the skillet. Pour in eggs and cook, stirring occasionally, until set, 3 to 5 minutes. Place pita bread on lined baking sheet. Spread pesto over pita; top with bacon, scrambled eggs, tomato, mushrooms, and spinach. Sprinkle Cheddar cheese over toppings. Bake in the preheated oven until cheese has melted, about 10 minutes. Serve garnished with avocado slices.
I always want to use exact recipe ingredients when making for the first time....but only had breakfast sausage. It was still great. Anytime I can contribute to household responsibilities is great. Right honey?Thanks for the inspiration. We used garlic Naan bread instead of pita.  Otherwise we made it exactly as the recipe said. Excellent taste. Excellent  idea for a Sunday morning breakfast. I had all the ingredients on hand, but used ham chopped up instead of bacon.  Feeling healthy! I didn't have spinach, so left that out. I also didn't add the mushrooms. I made this recipe for my annual gathering of girlfriends and everyone loved it. I do not care for fennel so I make my own sausage meat, which is the only change I made. For my keto friends, instead of the pita I made sausage patties and they loved them! Everyone asked for the recipe. Thanks! Didn't care much for it. I always want to use exact recipe ingredients when making for the first time....but only had breakfast sausage.  It was still great. Anytime I can contribute to household responsibilities is great.  Right honey?Thanks for the inspiration. This is a lot of stuff to put on a pita bread Really enjoyed the breakfast pita pizza, easy to put together and loaded it with lots of veggies. We will definitely be having again. I thought this was great.  I suppose I tweaked it, but I don't think so.  I don't care for crispy bacon, so didn't cook it so much.  I also fried the mushrooms a bit after the onions, and I didn't put any spinach on it.  I also used a tomato sauce instead of pesto.
