Buttermilk Pancakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/24530/buttermilk-pancakes-ii/
Combine flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl. Beat together buttermilk, milk, eggs, and melted butter in a separate bowl. Keep the two mixtures separate until you are ready to cook. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium-high heat. You can flick water across the surface and if it beads up and sizzles, it's ready. Pour the wet mixture into the dry mixture; use a wooden spoon or fork to mix until it's just blended together. The batter will be a little lumpy which is what you want. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour or scoop the batter onto the preheated griddle, using approximately 1/2 cup for each pancake. Cook until bubbles appear on the surface, 1 to 2 minutes; flip with a spatula and cook until browned on the other side. Repeat with remaining batter. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
It took a little tweaking and A LOT of time, but these did come out wonderful in the end. Like other reviewers, this made WAY more than the listed 12 five inch pancakes!! I could easily have fed my 5 family members with just 1/3 of the batter. The first batch I made (exactly as the recipe is written) weren't stellar. I found them to be heavy and strikingly like French Toast. (They DID make pretty good waffles as I had a TON of batter leftover.)On my next batch (scaled down to 1/3) I added one extra teaspoon of sugar and one teaspoon of lemon juice. My trick for getting these nice and fluffy was to let the batter sit for a day or two in the refrigerator. The oxidation of the lemon juice and baking soda really caused the batter to swell with all those wonderful air bubbles that make a nice, tender and fluffy pancake. Making this on Sunday night and using it during the week has made this recipe a staple in my home. My family can't get enough of them!! I just added some vanilla to it, everything is better with vanilla.Since it takes so long to cook them all, I just put them in the oven on the WARM setting. They are great! Perfect!   I wouldn't change a thing! These will come out a little flatter than fluffy but the flavor is wonderful! My tip is one I use for all my baking breads, use applesauce in place of half the butter. It helps breads rise better and makes it a little healthier as well It was to much for2so I did half a 4th an a pinchCouldn’t mess it up it was delicious,I wished for more people to taste it! It makes so many more than 12, not like traditional buttermilk pancakes but still taste lovely, used 1 and a half cups buttermilk half cup sour cream and one and a half cups milk on my second go and they were amazing
