Top Sirloin Roast
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/245391/top-sirloin-roast/
Make small slits in beef roast using a sharp knife; tuck slivered garlic into each slit. Rub minced garlic, paprika, salt, and ground black pepper over entire beef roast. Set aside until beef comes to room temperature, 15 to 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Arrange potatoes, carrots, and onions in an even layer in a 9x12-inch roasting pan. Dissolve beef bouillon cubes in hot water in a small bowl and pour over vegetables. Pour in beef broth and beer. Place beef roast on top of vegetables, making sure it is not submerged in broth mixture. Place bay leaf pieces around beef roast. Bake beef roast in the preheated oven until internal temperature reaches 150 degrees F (66 degrees C) for medium, 45 to 60 minutes. Transfer beef roast to a platter; cover with aluminum foil and allow to rest until internal temperature reaches 155 degrees (68 degrees C), about 10 minutes. Increase oven temperature to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Add bell peppers and mushrooms to the roasting pan; bake in the preheated oven until vegetables are tender and lightly browned, 15 to 20 minutes. Thinly slice beef roast crosswise. Serve with vegetables; spoon pan juices over each serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Overall, this got a high rating from my family! The only thing I had trouble with is the length it took to cook. The recipe doesn't say to cover it so I didn't. Eventually, I realized that it needed to be covered to achieve the internal temp. Everyone had to wait for the meal but it was delicious when served. It was flavourful and tender. The veggies were already cooked and tasted amazing too. I didn't have mushrooms but will add them next time. I will definitely be making this again - FANTASTIC! The vegetables were super tasty.My meat was dry in spots not covered by broth Excellent recipe, But I changed  it , I forgot carrots so I added a lot more potatoes, the recipe never does say what to do with the red pepper  so that was added,  I took all the ingredients and put them in a crock pot for 8 hours on low , came out great This was a delicious meal!  LOVED it. At first I was concerned there was going to be too much liquid but that wasn’t the case at all. My only unfavourable comment is that it was 2 hours cooking time, not 1 hour for the 3 lb roast, so dinner was very delayed. Otherwise great recipe and worth the wait This was very good. Hubby loved it a lot. We are cutting down on meat, so this meal was a bit of a treat. My roast was larger, so it had to cook longer. Got to a temp about 145-150 F and took it out to rest, while the veggies cooked longer. I put celery in instead of mushrooms b/c that's what I had. For the people saying the veg is still hard - just cut everything a little smaller. My potatoes were perfectly soft, and the carrots still had some texture and weren't mushy. Fantastic one-pan meal. Turned out like recipe and leftovers were used to make a beef stew. This is your typical roast dinner and a basics for adding you touch to it. Delicious!  I cooked in a cast iron roaster with top on and both meat and vegetables were perfect. The beer I used was fairly strong, dark and was infused with bergamot snd blood orange.  I don’t know if that influenced it at all! It was ok. Very quick to prepare.  Flavourful and comforting oven dinner.   Recommend this and will make it again!
