Pan-Roasted Chicken Breasts
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/245367/pan-roasted-chicken-breasts/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Season chicken on both sides with salt and pepper. Heat olive oil in a heavy skillet over medium-high heat until it starts to shimmer. Place chicken breasts skin-side down in the skillet. Sprinkle with fresh herbs. Cook until the bottoms are well seared and golden brown, 5 to 6 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Flip chicken breasts over and continue cooking until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of a breast reads 150 degrees F (66 degrees C), about 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add vinegar and cold butter to the pan with chicken. Shake the pan gently until butter melts and the internal temperature of chicken reads at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C), 2 to 3 minutes more. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in 1 tablespoon chicken broth to thin sauce.
I had a couple very large bone-in chicken breasts to use , near 3/4 lb. each, and I found this recipe. On this cold January day I didn't have much hope of having usable fresh herbs and thought I was going to have to improvise with dry but I was surprised that I was able to scrounge up some rosemary and thyme out of my ice and snow covered garden to give this a try. A happy cook I was! De-boning the chicken was easy using my kitchen shears. I just followed along and cut as close to the bones/cartilage as possible, feeling my way through the thicker meat. Very easy to do and more cost effective than buying boneless in the store. I did substitute fresh lemon juice for the vinegar. I've tried vinegar in a similar recipe and didn't like the results. The lemon juice was a delicious addition. This chicken was done in no time at all and was tender, juicy and flavorful. This is a great method for a quick healthy chicken dinner. We thought the chicken tasted great. I used dried herbs and skinless chicken.  The chicken did not cook as fast as the receipe stated. I had to take thinner pieces out to allow the thicker pieces time to cook. This was fantastic!!!!!   So simple, simple ingredients, and quick....I did  have fresh thyme and rosemary, added lots of flavor, and used a Pear Vinegar from a farmers market!!!!   highly recommend... I love this recipe, and like you say in the video tutorial, I would never serve it over EVIL carbs!!! You have a Helpful button, but can you add a not helpful one? KGora wrote a short story that had little to do with the recipe. Absolutely... restaurant quality presentation and flavor.... The apple cider vinegar smelled horrible. I enjoyed the moisture and tenderness of the breasts after cooked but the vinegar smell throughout my home is leading me to find a different recipe.
