Loaded Tater Tots
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/245542/loaded-tater-tots/
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Spread potato nuggets in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until lightly golden, 20 to 25 minutes. Meanwhile, heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook bacon in the hot skillet, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain bacon on a paper towel-lined plate, then chop coarsely and set aside. Make sauce: Melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook and stir shallot in hot butter until fragrant. Stir in flour and cook until light golden, about 2 minutes. Whisk in milk and sour cream; stir until smooth and thick, about 5 minutes. Season with black pepper and nutmeg. Stir in 1 cup Cheddar cheese until fully melted. Transfer potato nuggets to a 9x13-inch baking dish. Sprinkle bacon on top. Pour cheese sauce over nuggets. Cover with remaining 1/2 cup Cheddar cheese. Bake in the preheated oven just until cheese melts, about 7 minutes. Garnish with green onions and sour cream to serve.
Lets try this again lol... So as I was saying no one really noticed the bacon so Id suggest doubling the bacon and the other thing I would suggest is making double the cheese sauce as I found the sauce soooo good but didn't seem like enough to me I think id it really saucy. My mother and sister in law thought it was enough but I guess its all a matter of preference. Regardless this was definitely a keeper and I will be making it again. Thanks for the recipe. I only had white onion and 1% milk, but it worked out perfectly. Took others’ suggestions and added more bacon. The whole family and guests thought it was delicious! Could definitely take care of a group of teenagers with this recipe. Excellent! I used 6 strips of bacon that I diced then fried till crispy. It was just the right amount. I made this as a side dish and it’s the best potato “casserole” I’ve ever made.  Don’t skip the green onions, they are delicious with it. Will definitely make again! Loved these! As written the cheese sauce was too thin though. The flavor was great but too thin. I'd cut back on the milk next time but keep everything else the same. Use 10-12 strips thick sliced bacon , it’s key. And just dump the rest of the bag of cheese on top. (It calls for 1 cup for sauce and 1/2 for top) It didn’t hurt it. It definitely goes great with the sour cream and the diced green onions. Really tasty Made this for Superbowl and was a hit! So good - will definitely make again! Made this for the family Christmas dinner. It was a big hit. I made the cheese sauce the night before, and then warmed it up prior to adding to the tator tots. I also added some mozzarella cheese along with the cheddar for the topping. Otherwise made it as written. No changes......my three fellows loved it!!! It was delicious. Didn’t have cheddar so used Colby jack. Will make this again.
