Roast Spatchcock Turkey
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/245534/roast-spatchcock-turkey/
Gather ingredients. llrecipes/Oana Enni Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place a roasting rack on a baking sheet. Place turkey, breast-side down, on a cutting board. Using a pair of sharp heavy-duty kitchen shears, cut along one side of the backbone. llrecipes/Oana Enni Repeat on the other side of the backbone. Remove backbone and reserve for making turkey stock for gravy. llrecipes/Oana Enni Press firmly down onto both sides of turkey to flatten. llrecipes/Oana Enni Flip turkey breast-side up and put on the roasting rack. Tuck wing tips under turkey (behind breast). Pat skin dry and rub olive oil over entire turkey. Season with sage, thyme, rosemary, salt, and pepper. llrecipes/Oana Enni Roast in the preheated oven for 1 hour 30 minutes, rotating the baking sheet every 30 minutes. Increase the oven temperature to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C) and continue to roast until skin is crisp and golden, about 15 minutes more. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). llrecipes/Oana Enni Remove turkey from the oven, cover loosely with a doubled sheet of aluminum foil, and allow to rest for 10 to 15 minutes before slicing. llrecipes/Oana Enni Serve hot and enjoy! llrecipes/Oana Enni
I love making a turkey this way! I place my turkey on a bed of thickly sliced onions and celery placed on the bottom of the baking sheet instead of on a rack. I also add just a bit of chicken broth to the pan. This not only imparts a bit of flavor but it also keeps the pan moist and eliminates any burning or smoking from the pan drying out during cooking time. This was fun and easy no real big problems and I like that it turned out juicy and not dry. Thank you for the recipe. Oh yeah instead of taking a bite out of crime I took a bite out of the turkey. 😋😋👍 My 10lb turkey cooked with in an hour. Was done and remained moist at 400 for 10 minutes to crisp the skin. I actually used a jig saw on the backbone - done in seconds!  Wiped down the saw and all is well.  Did it outside in case of splatter. I've made this recipe several times, now, and am amazed at how well it works. In fact, since the oven on our stove died, I was sure I could never roast a whole turkey in our counter-top convection oven. Spatchcocking allows a 10 lb, or even slightly larger, turkey to fit without touching the upper element. Also, like an earlier reviewer, I discovered how easy cutting along the backbone is with pruning shears I picked up at the dollar store! I used the reverse sear method to cook this spatchcock turkey and it turned out beautifully and so moist! This method allowed the thighs and breast to cook evenly. If you don't like the herbs just sprinkle with kolsher salt and baking soda front and back no need to marinate makes it soft tender and perfect to taste plus added crunchy outside This is the only way to Roast any Bird. Another step to ensure even cooking of the dark meat is to dislocate the hip joints on both thighs. I took this tip from my very first restaurant employment experience in 1975 at Gino's Hamburgers & KFC in Northern Virginia. Thank goodness I found your recipe!  Despite thawing the bird since Sunday, my 14 lb turkey was still frozen in the center!  Spatchcocking prevented my serving dinner at midnight.Otherwise, I roasted the turkey my usual way, first shmearing it inside and out (my kids' favorite way to help in the kitchen), then sprinkling it with herbs.  Came out perfect! FIRST, A TIP to make your spatchcock experience EASY!A week or so before Thanksgiving, I purchased a new pair of $10.  pruning shears just for this task.  Any hardware or gardening store carries them. My goodness, they made short work of what I thought would be time consuming, difficult and laborious.When I first read this recipe I was worried that it would come out dry. I needn’t have worried, this recipe  was wonderful!  A deceptively simple recipe that is packed with great flavor.. Compared to traditional turkey roasting, the bird cooked MUCH more quickly.Our 2021 spatchcocked turkey was moist and so delicious. Now it’s 2022 and I’m here to view the recipe so I don’t forget any ingredients when I make it again for 2022.
