Homemade Salted Caramel Sauce
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/245647/homemade-salted-caramel-sauce/
Pour sugar and water into a small saucepan; swirl gently to combine. Heat over medium-low heat until little bubbles form on the side. Increase heat to high and boil until sugar turns amber, 5 to 8 minutes. Remove from heat and carefully whisk in heavy cream. Add butter and salt, stirring to combine. Pour caramel into a glass container; let cool.
Yes, this recipe does work and tastes delicious when done correctly. No, it's not as easy as it sounds (as you can tell by the negative comments, here). So, why bother with this recipe? Well, learning to make this sauce helped me master all sorts of recipes that required caramelized sugar. With that being said, first, you need a little less water than a 1/2 cup: just enough to moisten the sugar. That's because all of that water has to evaporate before the hot sugar will caramelize (because the temperature of caramelization is 320-340F, which is higher than boiling - 212F). Second, and this is important, when the sugar starts to boil, drops will splash along the sides of the pot, the water will evaporate, and the sugar will crystallize there. If they fall back into the pot, they act as seed crystals, which can make the entire mixture harden (which has happened to some people who've tried this). For that reason, try not to splash the sugar mixture on the side of the pot when initially combining the water and sugar. To remedy this, dip a pastry brush in a cup of water and gently brush the sides of the pot to dissolve the sugary drops until they run back down into the pot. You will only need to repeat that until the bubbles get larger and stop splashing. After that, it should be smooth sailing. Now, be patient while it is being heated and DON'T STIR the mixture (mixing will cause crystals to form); the sugar WILL caramelize, and turn the beautiful amber color you want; but will  Like others, thanks to Steve for his guidance. This requires patience and time. It took almost 18 minutes of boiling to reach a color I thought was good. As suggested, my butter was room temp and I warmed the heavy cream. Once I added both, I had to put it back on the heat and whisk whisk whisk whisk for maybe 5 minutes to get the consistency right. I'm glad I tried this, thanks to the reviewers for their tips!! Will never buy caramel sauce again. Friends loved its smooth, rich, creamy taste. Thanks to reviewer Steve for suggested tweaks that I will use with future sauces. I've made this many times and always a hit.  Very easy.  I warm the cream, salt and European butter until the butter melts - while the sugar is boiling (gently swirling in pot).    Remove from heat and add milk/butter mix to sugar when it reaches a golden color along with a 1/2 tsp of vanilla extract.  Stir and pour into jar. Unnecessary steps.  This was the first one I’ve come across that calls for water.  Mine completely separated.  Save yourself some time and find another recipe that doesn’t use water. I got the grainy paste that others have described.  If this happened to you, all is not lost.  It is salvageable.  Add about 2 Tbls of water and reheat over medium-low heat.  Let it boil for five minutes and you will find wonderful rich caramel in your pot when it cools. I just made this. It took me more like 15-20 minutes. I used Steve’s suggestion of brushing  the sides of the pan with water, and had no issues with crystallization. Once the heavy cream and butter were incorporated, the sauce looked a bit thinner than I was expecting. However,  once it cooled, it was the perfect consistency for adding to coffee, drizzling on top of crepes filled with pistachio butter (which was the motivation for making caramel sauce), or serving atop ice cream. The recipe made almost enough to fill a squeeze bottle.  Delicious recipe! Poor instructions! A quick not on how to make this dairy free: replace cream with a mix of 3/4 cups soy milk and with 1 T of cornstarch.   Works well,  with a nice texture. Thanks to Steve it turned out great ,,,,
