Spicy Lemon Ginger Switchel
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/245686/spicy-lemon-ginger-switchel/
Place water, apple cider vinegar, lemon juice, honey, fresh ginger, and cayenne pepper in a glass jar. Stir or shake well to combine.
I gave it a 5 because it is very good for your health--even though it is pretty potent stuff! I only used 1/2 tsp. of ginger just because I got tired of grating it, and I had to add more water to tone it down, but since I am used to drinking all these ingredients separately, it wasn't too bad. If you're not used to using apple cider vinegar and fresh ginger, it may be too strong for you to start. By the way, the best acv to use is the kind with the "mother" in it (unfiltered as the recipe states, not the kind you buy in the vinegar aisle at the grocery store)--the brown stuff. I use Bragg's and buy it by the gallon since it's less expensive that way. I made the recipe as is. I love how refreshing it is, and such a different flavor. Yum! Awesome as a cocktail with 1.5 oz of Vodka Refreshing. I felt like I was coming down with something and this instantly gave me a nudge in the right direction. The only thing I did differently is half the apple cider ginger to start and I liked how it come out, so I went with it. Delicious.  This is going on the repeat list. Love this recipe!  I use 1 tbsp honey and mix into hot water, only heating the water. Delicious and REALLY clears congestion too.  Thanks for posting this version with cayenne! ‘ I really liked the flavor of this.  Next time I make it I am going to let the flavors meld for a while before I drink it.  The rosemary is a very nice addition. I gave it a 5 because it is very good for your health--even though it is pretty potent stuff! I only used 1/2 tsp. of ginger just because I got tired of grating it, and I had to add more water to tone it down, but since I am used to drinking all these ingredients separately, it wasn't too bad. If you're not used to using apple cider vinegar and fresh ginger, it may be too strong for you to start. By the way, the best acv to use is the kind with the "mother" in it (unfiltered as the recipe states, not the kind you buy in the vinegar aisle at the grocery store)--the brown stuff. I use Bragg's and buy it by the gallon since it's less expensive that way.
