Breakfast Rice from Japan
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/245773/breakfast-rice-from-japan/
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Spread rice in a flat layer in hot oil; cook until crispy on the bottom, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir egg into rice until scrambled, about 2 minutes more. Sprinkle green onions on top and season with soy sauce.
I am the submitter. Make sure your rice is cold - leftover from evening before kept in frig is perfect. I have tried this recipe a few times and find it works best with some bacon crumbles mixed in as the eggs cooked. (Haven't tried it with crumbled sausage, but don't know why it wouldn't work that way, too.) I used leftover brown basmati rice, and followed the recipe (maybe only let it fry for 90 seconds) and it worked out beautifully.  A wonderfully simple, tasty, and fairly healthy breakfast. I used bacon grease instead of oil. Yum!! Just what I was craving, and a great way to use up leftover rice. I've made this many times and consider it to be an excellent cure for hangovers (don't judge). I prefer to cook the eggs slightly over-easy and then break the yoke on top of the rice. The green onions and soy sauce take it to the next level. Mixed in some diced onion, red pepper and garlic - that was fried in toasted sesame oil - to the rice&egg mixture. Stirred in soy sauce with a little Sriracha - Yummm. Next time maybe I'll add in some seasoned rice vinegar to either the onion/pepper mix, or at the end. An excellent, easy fried rice recipe for those of us that are indecisive or picky. Most people like rice, eggs, onions. You can't go wrong. So simple yet surprisingly tasty and irresistible. Just the right amount of salt without being greasy or heavy. Would make again. Awesome I loved this.  I am gluten free so I started eating more rice.  This is simple,  easy and quick for lunch or breakfast. Didn't have any green onion, but still tasted great with salt, pepper, and a splash of soy sauce. I prefer brown over white rice so i used brown rice instead and it turned out good.
