Savory Parmesan French Toast
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/245899/savory-parmesan-french-toast/
Whisk eggs, Parmesan cheese, milk, and black pepper in a shallow bowl until light and fluffy, about 1 minute. Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Dip both sides of each slice of bread in egg mixture; place bread in hot butter in the skillet. Cook until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a warmed plate and dot with butter to serve.
4 or 5 stars??? Hmmm.... It is hard to decide. Bottom line is we did love these. Just can't say "French Toast" or they expect sweet, cinnamon breakfast food. I told my 'eaters' that they were 'Parmesan Toasts', served with soup for dipping, they were a hit. Thinking these would be good cut into strips and have a Marinara sauce for dipping - could be good as a fast appetizer. (Update: These really have to be served hot, although they re-warm pretty easily. They were not so good at room temperature.) I will admit to using half butter and half oil for cooking them. Next time I would add a bit of garlic power to the egg mixture. A nice way to use up stale bread. Thanks for a different take on 'French Toast'. This is a great alternative to French Toast.  Less sugar calories and the same yummy feeling for your belly.  Love it! yummy...relished it Tasty! I added garlic personally but I think most things need more garlic. My biggest problem was that most of the Parmesan was at the bottom of my bowl you might want to spoon out cheese from the bottom so your last peices of toast aren’t all cheese! The idea of a savory French toast was intriguing and different, and this recipe delivers. My family definitely wants me to make it again. I might let the bread soak in the egg mixture a few minutes more, though My hubby made a face when I said I was going to make this.  It was oddly good.  The only thing I did different was increase the parmesan to 1/2 cup, because who doesn't love more cheese?  We tried it with blueberry jam, marmalade, and maple syrup.  The savory/sweet combo with the maple syrup was the hands down favorite.  This will probably not be my go to french toast recipe, but it will be in the rotation for a change. Great recipe - I'm addicted to these! I would suggest using one less egg because I was left with extra mixture at the end. Other than that, it's awesome. Great concept, my only addition would be garlic, and topped with hollandaise.  We garnished with fresh tomatoes,  green onions,, and sautéed mushrooms.   *I was out of sour cream or I would've added that too! 4 or 5 stars???  Hmmm....  It is hard to decide.  Bottom line is we did love these.  Just can't say "French Toast" or they expect sweet, cinnamon breakfast food.  I told my 'eaters' that they were 'Parmesan Toasts', served with soup for dipping, they were a hit.  Thinking these would be good cut into strips and have a Marinara sauce for dipping - could be good as a fast appetizer. (Update:  These really have to be served hot, although they re-warm pretty easily.  They were not so good at room temperature.)   I will admit to using half butter and half oil for cooking them.  Next time I would add a bit of garlic power to the egg mixture.  A nice way to use up stale bread. Thanks for a different take on 'French Toast'.
