Easy French Toast Waffles
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/246198/easy-french-toast-waffles/
Preheat a waffle iron according to the manufacturer's instructions. Whisk milk, eggs, maple syrup, vanilla extract, and salt together in a wide bowl until thoroughly combined. Dip one slice brioche into the bowl and press gently until both sides are coated. Lift bread from the bowl with a slotted spatula, letting any egg mixture drip back into the bowl, and transfer to a rimmed baking sheet. Repeat with remaining bread. Let sit until egg mixture soaks in, about 2 minutes. Spray the preheated waffle iron with cooking spray. Place one slice brioche onto the waffle iron and gently close the lid without forcing it down. Cook until golden brown and the iron stops steaming, 3 to 5 minutes. Repeat to cook remaining waffles.
Awesome!! Update 03/02/16. I have made this many different ways and just thought I'd let you know. This has become a staple food item in my house. I've tried half 'n half, heavy cream, and whole milk. Full heavy cream and half 'n half win for texture and creamy taste. Milk got a bit more soggy quickly but still delicious. I tried using honey instead of maple syrup and almost cried. It's just not the same without the maple. I've used regular sandwich bread and brioche bread (always gluten free, even for non-celieac family memebers) and brioche wins for taste. Adding a touch of cinnamon won't get you arrested and might even get you an extra kiss in the morning (not guaranteed). These freeze well, making your children super happy at midnight after cram sessions before exams and helping out on those mornings when you may have hit the snooze button one too many times. Thanks for the recipe! This is the second time I’ve made this! I use half and half and brioche. I made it his morning for Father’s Day with pork sausage patties and fresh cherries- my husband was in heaven! YES YES YES !! Delicious.  Made it with half hot dog buns, which made it like French toast sticks, really cute.  Served with half a banana sliced & spray whipped cream.  Def would make again. Oh my goodness! Soooo good. My new favorite French Toast. Or are they my new favorite waffles? I don’t know. I just know I loved them! 11.4.20 ... https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/246198/easy-french-toast-waffles/ ... While I didn't try it, I think adding some melted butter or oil, as waffles have, would help this recipe tremendously.  Using half & half, this was three stars for flavor; but an additional star for ingenuity & ease.  :)  Butter/oil would provide some needed crunch to these.  'Glad I tried & will probably try again. These were super fun and a unique way to make waffles!  They were delicious and smelled amazing.  I also used half and half and they turned out perfect.  I am interested to see what whole milk does and then heavy cream.  Thanks again - this was a nice treat! Wonderful.  Did not use maple syrup, didn’t have it , however, cinnamon and nutmeg.  Used 1/2 and 1/2 and Brioche bread.  Made a second batch for the freezer.  Helped use up the 1/2 and 1/2 and bread.  What a keeper.  Thank u. I used Texas toast. This cane out pretty good. I definitely looks good. I think next time I would use a little more syrup. Didn’t have a waffle maker so i put the bread on a skillet and turned out amazing
