Cast Iron Buttermilk Biscuits
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/246399/cast-iron-buttermilk-biscuits/
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Place 1 tablespoon butter in two 10-inch cast iron skillets. Place skillets in the preheated oven to heat up and melt butter, 5 to 10 minutes. Mix buttermilk and eggs together in a small bowl. Combine flour, baking powder, cream of tartar, and salt in a large bowl. Rub in remaining 6 tablespoons butter with your fingers until mixture is crumbly. Gently stir in buttermilk mixture until dough just starts to come together. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured work surface. Pat into a rectangle about 1/2 inch thick. Cut dough into 24 biscuits. Remove skillets from the oven. Arrange 12 biscuits side-by-side in each, their edges touching. Return skillets to the oven and bake until biscuits are puffed and lightly browned, 15 to 20 minutes.
This dough came together perfectly. I didn't need to add or reduce any of the liquid and it patted out to the perfect consistency. I cut the recipe in half and made larger biscuits, so, my dough gave me eight biscuits. They took 17 minutes to cook and were golden brown. My biscuits did not get too dark on the bottom and were lightly browned with a slight crunch. The inside of the biscuit was dense and not fluffy like I like in a biscuit, but, more than likely that is my fault. I typically tend to work the dough to much and end up with a tough biscuit. Biscuits turned out fantastic! The only thing I will change next time is make 7 or 8 biscuits per pan. With 12 per pan you end up with little mini biscuits. These biscuits were DELICIOUS. I made them too thin, but they were still yummy. Next time I will cut them thicker. They're basically regular biscuits, but the crispiness gained from using cast iron is really what makes these shine. But yeah, I liked them. I found it difficult to fit 12 of them in a 10" cast iron, though...maybe mine wasn't really 10"?  Anyway, leftover dough will cook just fine on a regular cookie sheet, too. Really delicious biscuits! I was looking for a recipe that matched one I had lost and this came the closest to what I remembered. These are really light and flaky and easy to make. The only changes I made were to up the buttermilk from 1 1/3 cups to 2 cups, so they weren’t as dry and also I added 1/4 cup of white sugar. They are excellent!! The added buttermilk really made a difference, but it added about 5-8 minutes to the baking time. I have made these biscuits twice now, even adding shredded sharp cheddar cheese to have them alongside my chowder. Really, really yummy!! I’m keeping this recipe!! On my repeat list!  Liked how puffy they tured out.  Great flavor with butter & buttermilk Except for halving the recipe, I followed directions exactly. Have made a lot of biscuits in my day, and most often in my trusty cast-iron skillet. The biscuits from this recipe were unfortunately rubbery. Maybe it's a matter of personal taste (or texture preference) but these were far from my favorite. easy peasyI didn't have cream of tar tar so I used 1 teaspoon of white vinegar and were perfect. My family though  were the best i had made ! No changes.  Simple to do and great to eat.
