Instant Pot Carnitas
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/246332/carnitas-pressure-cooker/
Trim excess fat from pork butt; cut pork into 2-inch cubes and transfer to a large bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine salt, oregano, cumin, black pepper, chile powder, and paprika in a small bowl. Rub pork cubes with spice mixture. Coat seasoned pork cubes lightly in olive oil; transfer to a pressure cooker. Cover pork cubes with orange juice, onion, and garlic. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cover pork cubes with orange juice, onion, and garlic. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place lid on the pressure cooker and lock; bring to full pressure over medium heat until pork is no longer pink in the center, about 60 minutes. Let pressure come down naturally, about 15 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove pork from the pressure cooker and shred meat. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
Excellent! I scaled the spices for a 2-1/2 lb. roast and added 1 tsp. coriander per a friend's recommendation. The seasonings were spot on! I have an electric pressure cooker, The Instant Pot and I seared the meat in the pot prior to setting on high pressure for 45 minutes. Perfection! The meat was very tender and shredded easily. I decided to place the shredded meat in a frying pan with some hot lard to crisp it up just a bit before adding to flour tortillas with a few toppings. Loved the flavor and ease of this recipe! And loved how quick the pressure cooker was at tenderizing the meat. I will definitely make this again! would have to substitute meat since pork is Biblically unclean, but I do like the idea and the spices. Stuck everything in Instant pot and cooked for 25 min.Then broiled it.Didn't do the other steps. Excellent recipe I liked the simplicity of this recipe.I only had two small pork bellies so I adjusted the recipe accordingly. I made my own adjustments but follow many of the prep and ingredients .I pressure cooked my two pork bellies for 20minutes.I also used pineapple juice, orange juice and broth And added coriander, cumin, garlic and paprika when pressure cooking. When done I also added the same seasonings to the meat and added 1/4" slice green peppers and red onions for a bit of fajitas blend.It all turned out very good. I topped mine with some adobo for a little warmth. Great dinner for my wife and myself. Wow!  This is very tasty, and easy too.  I followed as closely as possible.  Used dehydrated minced garlic, and already had 5-6 lbs of pork loin, so used that.  I used my Ninja on pressure, then used then crisper lid to brown.  Stirred the meat and browned one more time.  Best pork carnitas I've made!  Thank you for the recipe! I added a little bit more salt, no other edits made. The pork was  very soft, moist and full of flavor. Love it! I followed the instant pot directions in the recipe and the pork was tender, moist and mildly flavored. I then added my own flair and placed the shredded pork in a large cast iron skillet and added the cooking juices until they were half as high in the skillet as the meat. I placed it in a 350degree oven for 30 minutes. The top level of the carnitas had a delicate, tasty crunch, and the juices had been mostly soaked up by the meat, leaving an incredibly tasty flavor. I'll definitely do this whole recipe again! Followed this recipe exactly as it was intended and it was delicious! Thank you! Good and cooked well.I used2kg pork shoulder (4.4lbs) and it was still 60 min cook time with 10 min releaseFor juice I did1/4cup orange juice1/4 cup apple juice1/2 cup keffir lime juiceI didn't have normal limes so used apple juice for sweetness.The spices I changed as I have a toddlerI did smoked paprika instead of chiliNeeds a little more salt in my opinion (I don't usually cook with much salt)
