Stracciatella Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/246528/stracciatella-soup/
Bring broth to a simmer in a pot over high heat. Taste broth and adjust salt and pepper as needed. Whisk eggs, grated Parmigiano Reggiano and Pecorino Romano cheeses, parsley, semolina flour, salt, pepper, cayenne, and nutmeg together in a bowl until well blended. While stirring the simmering broth, slowly pour egg mixture into the broth. Bring mixture back up to a simmer. The liquid will be slightly cloudy initially and clear as broth heats. Serve in bowls; garnish with a drizzle of olive oil and a pinch of red pepper flakes.
The first time I cook something I like to stay true to the chefs intent. It helps me think what I might want to change or add. I loved this soup. It is exactly what Chef John said it was: comfort food. Made it exactly as directed except for the cayenne pepper and red pepper flakes as I don’t like these, and did not add the olive oil as wanted to keep it as low cal as possible. Absolutely delicious. Perfect comfort soup! I am madly in love with this soup! It's so different than anything I've ever had.... strangely delicious. It's delicate and silky, the eggs are like fluffy little pillows. I made this with the broth made from our Thanksgiving turkey. This is most definitely a new tradition in our house. And I'm about to have a bowl for breakfast.... because I can! This was so good! Used all purpose flour and dried parsley. Also added a tsp chicken bouillon (Better Than Bouillon). Will definitely make this again. 1.9.21 ... https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/246528/stracciatella-soup/ ... While I enjoyed, for me, better as an appetizer or a get-well soup.  50/50 odds. I followed the recipe with the addition of a handful of chopped spinach. It was absolutely delicious, comforting and satisfying. I followed your recipe.  Two times now and i love it.  So simple and yet so flavorful. Oh,  forgot to tell you I chopped fresh spinach and sprinkled it on top.  This is good for the waistline ...just sayin! I was hoping this would be as good as the Stracciatella they serve at a local restaurant that we love.  It was every bit as good, and incredibly easy!  This soup is a keeper. I made this just as directed, and found it to be very flavorful. It was quick and easy to make and went perfect with a salad for a good light lunch. We love soup at our house, and this recipe is a keeper.
