Italian Sausage Stuffed Shells
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/246787/italian-sausage-stuffed-shells/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly oil a 9x13 baking dish. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook shells in the boiling water, stirring occasionally until tender yet firm to the bite, about 10 to 12 minutes. Drain. Lightly oil a rimmed baking sheet; place drained pasta on baking sheet to cool. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat 2 teaspoons vegetable oil over medium-high heat in a heavy skillet. Cook and crumble sausage until it has lost its pink color and begins to brown. Remove from heat; drain off grease. Stir 1/2 of the shredded cheese and Italian seasoning into browned sausage. otdash Meredith Food Studio Spoon sausage mixture into pasta shells (1 to 2 tablespoons per shell). Arrange stuffed shells in the prepared baking dish. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour marinara sauce evenly over the shells. Top with remaining shredded cheese. Cover tightly with aluminum foil. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until heated through and bubbly, about 30 minutes. Remove foil; bake until browned, 5 to 10 more minutes. Sprinkle with a pinch of Italian seasoning, if desired. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
I'm the author of this recipe, and since submitting it I've started adding fresh spinach that I've run through the food processor into the meat/cheese mixture. (Had to sneak those veggies in for the picky kids...and I may have told them it was parsley and basil. LOL) It's completely not necessary to add the spinach, but it does add in some nutrition. I hope you enjoy! Love Italian food to begin with! Used olive oil instead of vegetable oil. I bought 3 paks sweet Italian Sausage. 2 boxes shells. 48oz of sauce and added my own spices and 2 cups of red wine. Simple ingredients. Great tasting and easy! I mixed hot Italian sausage and ground beef.  My family enjoyed it and said to pin this recipe in my favorites. This recipe is fantastic!  Have made this multiple times and last night I used the hints of adding spinach and extra sauce to the sausage mixture. My company loved it. I was able to stuff about 30 shells following the recipe. Also not a ricotta fan so this is a winner. One of my new favorites when I have guests! I made it to the recipe. We really enjoyed it. Very simple to make. Very good! Delicious and easy.
