German Zwiebelkuchen (Onion Pie)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/24674/german-zwiebelkuchen-onion-pie/
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line a 15x10-inch pan or large pizza pan with prepared dough, making sure dough extends up sides of pan. Sauté onion in a skillet until translucent and pour cooked onion into a large mixing bowl. Place bacon in a large, deep skillet. Cook over medium high heat until evenly brown. Drain, chop and add to onion; mix well. Stir in sour cream. Beat eggs enough to break up yolks, then mix in to pie mixture. Add flour to thicken mixture (onions will create a lot of water), then add salt. Mix well and pour mixture into prepared pan. Sprinkle top with caraway seed. Bake in preheated oven until onions start to turn golden brown on top, about 1 hour.
Made this for Opa B-day, huge hit. Instead of the caraway seeds used nutmeg (what germans use in almost everything, for them is like pepper for us) and yellow onion, can´t beat that flavor. I cook the bacon, discard almost all the fat from the pan and sautee onions in there.  Tasty and delicious.  Substituted caraway seeds for thyme as we did not have this ingredient - still added nice flavour!  Definitely brought bake memories of my Oma's onion pie. This recipe has all the ingredients to amaze, however the process is completely hosed.  First of all, cook the bacon first and remove.  Then, cook the onions in the bacon fat.  Season to taste (remembering you will be adding unseasoned sour cream and two eggs also) with s&p, add 1 tsp nutmeg.  Next, once the onions are cooked as noted, add twice the amount of flour as the recipe calls for to the onions.  Add chopped crisp bacon to onion mix, cool to near room temp.  Add sour cream, combine well.  Add eggs and again combine well.  This will make a world of difference...as will lowering oven temp after 20 minutes to 375 for another possible 30.  Clean knife and done crust are key, not time.... Excellent Great recipe, very filling and delicious.  Make this several times a year for special occasions. I will admit I was more than a bit skeptical due to the amount of onions but it tasted so much better than I could have ever imagined. I did half the recipe for one pie pan and doubled the amount of bacon. This is the second time I've made this. I halved the recipe each time. The changes were a little more salt, uncured bacon, more caraway seeds, white onions. I also cooked the bacon first and took out most of the fat and sauteed the onions in about  1 1/2 T of the bacon drippings. I served the pie with bratwurst with a grainy mustard and  Affentaler Winzer, Valley of the Monkey, Spätburgunder Pinot Noir.  The wine was recommended and so was the zwiebelkuchen.  The wine was really good with the meal. The zwiebelkuchen is easy to make and it will something I'll make often. I've made this several times but have always used hash browns for the crust rather than a pastry. Everyone raves about it and asks for seconds! This is a great basic recipe but I did make a few changes.  First, I made a yeast dough because it's more traditional.  Also, I used a 10" spring form pan and cut the recipe in half.  Also, more than 1/2 tsp. of salt is needed. I followed recipe exactly minus caraway seed.
