Bierocks (German Meat Turnovers)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/24675/bierocks-german-meat-turnovers/
Saute beef, onion and garlic, salt and lemon pepper in a large skillet over medium high heat, until beef is browned. Add cabbage, Worcestershire sauce and caraway seeds. Cook until cabbage is limp; drain liquid from mixture. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). On a lightly floured board, roll each loaf of dough into a 12 inch circle. Cut each circle into 6 wedges. Spoon cabbage/beef filling onto center of each dough piece, dividing equally. Pull three points of each wedge up to the center and pinch to seal. Place bierocks on a lightly greased cookie sheet. If desired, brush dough with melted butter or egg wash (1 egg white with 2 tablespoons water). Bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes, or until golden brown. Serve hot, or wrap and freeze for heating later.
I was surprised that no one had tried using prepared biscuit dough. I made the filling as instructed, but just realized that I left out the salt (fine without it). I had a can of jumbo buttermilk biscuits and also a can jumbo flaky biscuits (8 per can). There was so much filling that I ended up using both cans. I just rolled out a small pizza-sized round about six inches per biscuit, put filling on, folded and crimped them and baked them in the oven for about 15 min., when the tops started to get golden brown. Talk about easy to work with and cooks in half-the-time! Both biscuit doughs were good, but the vote tended toward using the flaky biscuit dough. Used canned sauerkraut instead of cabbage and a "grand" style biscuit dough that I rolled out into circles. The dough didn't stick well together when I gathered it into a bun-like shape, but it worked out ok. Needed to cook longer than the biscuit package said to cook dough through. Use 2 cans of biscuit dough for the amount of filling as you can only get about 3-4 tablespoons of filling per dough circle. They were good. Served with "Jeanette's red cabbage" from this site which is also very good. Overall very easy and tasty. SOUNDS GOOD HAVE TO TRY THIS RECIPE, BEING POLISH. I have been making these for 55 years. Recipe taught by MIL. We never used garlic or worchestershire sauce. Just burger, onion, cabbage,salt and lots of pepper wrapped in homemade bread dough. Delicious with butter or some mustard. This is delicious!  Even picky eaters that (hate) cabbage couldn't stop eating these!  I used angel hair cole slaw but that's the only concession to the recipe. Added Colby Jack cheese This is the most amazing bierocks meat mixture ever.  My family loved it. Meat seemed a little dry (suppose that has something to do with the draining of the fluids?) - added a little wortchestershire sauce after the fact Made this and my husband and I really liked it!  Froze any leftovers and just as good. I used sauerkraut instead of cabbage. Delicious! I used Saurkraut only and did not use any cabbage. My Saurkraut was Bavarian style (slightly sweet) so I added about 2 tablespoons of stoneground mustard to the filling. Otherwise I followed the recipe. We are going to have this when my company gets here. The filling is really good--had to taste test before serving a new recipe to company!
