Mississippi Roast (Slow Cooker Pepperoncini Pot Roast)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/246721/mississippi-roast-slow-cooker-pepperoncini-pot-roast/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place roast in a slow cooker. Form a pocket in the top of the roast and place butter, pepperoncini peppers, ranch dressing mix, and au jus mix in the pocket. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook on Low for 8 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
This is so easy and the result is wonderful. I have made this a few times with slight variations based on reviews. First tip: use sliced pepperoncini instead of whole pepperoncini if you can find it - saves the step of de-stemming, and the sliced peppers are perfect with the final product whereas the whole ones are a bit large. Second tip: I recommend using at least 1/4 cup of butter. I made this once with 1/2 cup (which is what the original recipe this one is derived from calls for), and once with about 1/8 cup. The former made the leftovers seems a bit greasy, and the latter made the roast turn out kind of dry. 1/4 to 1/2 cup is perfect, and here is the trick at the end to reduce the greasiness: Remove the meat from the slow cooker. Pour the juices into a large measuring cup. Allow the fat to separate to the top for a couple minutes. Skim the fat from the top and discard (except place 2-4 tablespoons into sauce pan for making a gravy). Add 2 Tbsp flour to the reserved 2-4 Tbsp fat and whisk together over medium heat to make a roux. Add the juices (from which you just skimmed the fat - I've found there is usually about two cups of juices left) to the roux and cook for a couple minutes to reduce - viola, the perfect gravy. Love it! We shredded and put on Lewis steak buns. Delicious! Used banana peppers (the hot ones) just washed and whole. One or two opened up and made the roast nice and hot, the rest remained whole and lost much of their heat so we're a delight on the plate! Recommend the dish highly. If made this many times. Do NOT use salted butter!  It will be way too salty! Use one stick of unsalted butter and at least a 5 lb roast. I have been making this recipe for years, but like many other people, I found this exact recipe to be wayyyy too salty.  Instead, I substitute the au jus with one packet of low sodium brown gravy mix.  That made the difference between a good recipe and a spectacular one.  I have had so many people ask me for the recipe.  So easy to make, one of the few I can make without a recipe in front of me. I wasn’t sure how this was going to come out but it was absolutely delicious! My family, even the picky eaters loved this. Even better the next day. A keeper for us My fireman son in law made this for us. It’s a favorite! If we're having a roast, this is how we cook it most of the time. Since we're cooking for 2, using a smaller roast, I reduce the Ranch and Au jus to just half a packet, otherwise it is too salty. Do not skip the pepperoncini, they enhance the flavors but do not overpower them. If you don't like peppers and are nervous,  choose a couple of smaller ones from the jar.
