Rigatoni alla Genovese
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/246866/rigatoni-alla-genovese/
Heat oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add pancetta and cook until most of the fat is rendered, about 6 minutes. Transfer to a plate with a slotted spoon. Add beef chuck and 2 teaspoons salt to the pot. Increase the heat to high; cook and stir until browned and any liquid released begins to evaporate, 10 to 15 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium-high. Add cooked pancetta, celery, carrots, remaining 1 teaspoon salt, and pepper; cook and stir for 5 minutes. Add white wine, tomato paste, and bay leaf; cook and stir for 2 to 3 minutes, scraping up the drippings from the bottom of the pan. Add yellow and red onions. Reduce the heat to medium, cover, and cook for 30 minutes without stirring. After 30 minutes, stir onions and meat until well mixed. Cover again and cook for 30 more minutes. Stir, then reduce the heat to low. Keep uncovered and cook, occasionally stirring and skimming off any fat, until beef and onions seem to melt into each other, 8 to 10 hours. If the sauce is reducing too much, add water or broth as needed to maintain a sauce-like consistency. When the sauce is almost finished, bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook rigatoni in the boiling water, stirring occasionally until just barely al dente, 10 to 12 minutes. Drain. Add rigatoni to the sauce and cook until heated through. Garnish with Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, marjoram, and cayenne.
Chef John, Wow! I made this to your exact specifications, and I must say this was without a doubt one of the most delicious meals I have had the pleasure to enjoy in a while. I've actually made this twice now. Definitely one of my favorites and my family loves it too. Thank you! For yet another one of your fantastic recipes. Very tasty. Don’t attempt this recipe unless you have a sharp knife and a heavy pot. I did use the regular way and browned the beef in two batches. The onions weren’t too bad at all. This freezes well. I froze half and pulled it out a month later, with the same delicious results.  This makes a lot so it’s very cost effective. I followed the recipe except for the wine, I had none. I used broth. Maybe that is the reason I was underwhelmed with the end result, considering the time involved. I probably won’t make it again, unless I decide to try it in the crockpot. Made on Sunday so I could cook all day. I learned the hard way; just buy pre-cut/cubed chuck roast! I had an approx 3+lb chuck roast that I had and opted to cut into 2” cubes. It was like trying to cut down a Christmas tree with a butter knife! Once I finally did manage through that; followed the recipe but agree with Danielle F; had I not checked the onions halfway through the first 30 min, would have resulted in disaster. I stirred and continued to cook, COVERED and stirring occasionally - not only during the onion steps but throughout the entire cooking process. I don’t know if medium or low is slightly higher on my oven/stove stop but it helped towards the success of this recipe. Even still, I needed to add some beef broth in small increments, throughout the 8 hour cook time. In hindsight, I think I would have added a little more broth at the end as this turned into a very thick meat sauce but it was extremely flavorful and very good!! I would make again!! And plan to! Great recipe Chef John!! We loved this! Burned horribly after the first 30 minutes.  Thankfully, I am a seasoned cook and was able to rescue it.  Definitely add more liquid than just what's called for in the recipe before setting it to cook covered on medium heat without stirring for 30 minutes.  I should have known by that instruction alone that there was not enough liquid for the job.  Also, instead of constantly adding liquid during the 8-10 hour low-heat simmer, I just kept the pot covered (instead of uncovered as specified).  If I need to reduce it at the end, I will, but it doesn't look like I'm going to have to.  It's still on the stove as I write this - it's in its 6th hour.  Tastes pretty good, though.  I actually do like it and I will most likely make it again, only with my tweaks. This turned out wonderfully even after I made a few small tweaks. I'm not a fan of pork, so I skipped the panchetta and used trimmings from the chuck roast to render the bit of fat needed for browning the meat. I otherwise followed the directions faithfully up until the end of the second 30 minute cook. I took the sauce off the stove and put in the fridge overnight. (My roast was pretty well trimmed, but taking the sauce out of the fridge gives you a chance to spoon off any excess fat.) The next day, I put in the slow cooker for about 9 hours. I added just a little broth at the start and checked it once or twice to make sure it wasn't dry or sticking. This sauce was delightfully rich with a slight sweetness. As a mostly non-tomato sauce, it was a perfect match for my husband's sensitivity to tomato-based foods and my mania for pasta. There really isn't a way to describe this pasta sauce that captures the delicious uniqueness it imparts to the rigatoni. It definitely has notes of french onion soup but there is such savory flavor from the beef. I ended up needing more salt than I thought and would probably add more heat during the cooking process. I did the initial cooking on the stove then transferred to the slow cooker. I added some broth during the cook. I might try in the Instapot at some point. The husband enjoyed this very much and fortunately he will get to again soon thanks to the abundance of sauce now in the freezer. Thanks Chef John! I used venison for this recipe.  We loved it! Chef John does it again! I make this with venison stew meat instead of beef and it’s absolutely delicious. Works just as well cooking it entirely on the stove as he suggests or transferring to a crock pot to let it simmer for 8-10 hours. Depending on how moist everything is, you may need to add some water or broth but otherwise it’s perfect as written. Fantastic recipe! Easy to make and a huge hit for anyone you serve it to! Like French onion soup meets pasta sauce. Hard to explain but it’s amazing
