Blackened Salmon Tacos with Chunky Mango Avocado Salsa
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/246845/blackened-salmon-tacos-with-chunky-mango-avocado-salsa/
Combine mangoes, avocado, orange bell pepper, and jalapeno in a large bowl to make salsa. Add lime juice, cilantro, and salt; mix to combine. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate. Sprinkle seafood rub, chili powder, salt, and black pepper over 1 side of each salmon steak; rub in with your fingers until evenly distributed. Coat the bottom of a large skillet with olive oil and heat over medium-high heat. Add salmon skin-side down and cook until skin is crisp, 4 to 5 minutes. Flip salmon and carefully peel off skin. Season top with seafood rub, chili powder, salt and black pepper. Continue cooking until lightly browned on the second side and salmon flakes easily with a fork, 4 to 5 minutes. Slice each salmon fillet lengthwise to create 6 pieces. Lightly oil another skillet over medium heat. Pan-fry corn tortillas, one at a time, until heated through and pliable, about 30 seconds per side. Place 1 piece of salmon on each tortilla. Top with salsa. Squeeze a wedge of lime on top.
I thought the recipe was delicious. I will admit my bias is that anything with salmon and avocado has to be delicious. To the reviewer who was confused about the weight of the salmon, I agree the recipe assumes an experienced cook. I think it is intended for 4-6 people, which means 1.5 - 2 pounds of salmon, depending on appetite and additional options available. A salmon filet that can be cut into 6 pieces typically weighs between 0 .75 - 1 pound. Turned out very well!  Easy to make also.I used:Cajun spice & brown sugar vs sweet and spicy seafood rub.2 mangosJalapeno on the sideNo cilantro based on guest preferenceRemoved the skin before seasoning the salmon Very good, however, a pain dealing with the mangos, but great flavor. Forgot to use more lime at the end. That would have really taken it over the top. I doubled the jalapeño, too. This has become a staple on the 'rotation' at my home.   I also throw some cabbage in there when I have it, makes a great crunch.   Also good with any white fish.   I keep frozen mangos in the freezer, and I freeze avocados if they're in danger of not getting used: both will work in this recipe.   Terrific flavor combination and healthy too! My whole family loved this so much I made it again three weeks later. Super easy, great flavors with the blackened salmon.  I used red onions instead of bell pepper. This was amazing!  My husband had seconds and my stepdaughter is vegan and ate it without the salmon and still loved it! Excellent recipe. One mango and two avocados will help cut the overwhelming sweetness of three mangos. Fantastic. I used old bay seasoning. One mango was enough but it was large. Very good Everyone loved it. this was yummy, a bit labor intensive with the salsa and in my opinion there's too much salsa for the fish, double the fish and you'll be good. will make again, maybe with a tad more heat!
