Barbacoa-Style Shredded Beef
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/246835/barbacoa-style-shredded-beef/
Season beef chunks with salt and pepper on all sides. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Working in batches, cook and stir beef until browned, 4 to 5 minutes per batch. Transfer browned beef to a slow cooker. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix broth, vinegar, lime juice, chipotle peppers, garlic, cumin, oregano, and cloves together in a bowl until well combined. Season mixture with salt and pepper and pour over beef in the slow cooker. Stir in bay leaves. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook on Low until beef is fork-tender, 8 to 10 hours. Discard bay leaves. Remove beef from the cooker and shred using two forks. otdash Meredith Food Studio Return beef to the slow cooker and stir to coat with sauce. Let marinate for at least 10 minutes before serving.
This is the real deal. I used my Instant Pot Electric Pressure cooker / slow cooker. I trimmed the beef, cutting along the muscle and removed any grizzle and any large hunks of fat. Seared the beef as directed in the Instant Pot using the saute feature. Once the beef was seared, I deglazed the pot with the vinegar and broth. Added the meat and seasoning and cooked under pressure for 30 minutes, then switched to slow cook until you are ready to eat. The meat is very flavorful, not overly spicy. Perfect for tacos, taquitos or burritos. I made this a day ahead of time, cooled and packed into mason jars. The next day I skimmed the fat and re-heated the meat. Fried taco shells and dinner was ready. Perfection! Barbacoa is meat from the face of a cow, particularly the cheek muscles. The background information about "traditional barbacoa" is inaccurate. This was delicious.A little strong on the clove undertone, so I think I'll half that next time. Wonderful !!! I have three male college baseball players staying with me.  Their mother is Mexican.  They requested this dish because they were missing home cooking.  They flat out loved it!  [Tortillas, guacamole, shredded cheese, cilantro!]I did not have any cloves in the house so I substituted 1 tsp. nutmeg.I will definitely make it again! Made with pork butt because a 3 lb chuck roast was over $30.  Easy and delish! This is FANTASTIC and a shout out to Baking Nana’s pressure cooker tip which expedites dinner to the table without affecting the quality of this recipe! Super flavorful! Super tender meat! While this would make for amazing tacos, burritos and bowls, we served similar to a roast style over a spanish rice recipe from this site. Excellent and would make again! Thanks for sharing this 5 star recipe Jack G! This is a very delicious meal. I made it for Cinco de Mayo and served it on corn tortillas with Oaxaca cheese along with pico de gallo and with rice and beans and avocado on the side. The flavor was really good! I ended up using my instant pot b/c I ran out of time. Browned the meat then poured in all the other ingredients (3 peppers for our taste and a tad less vinegar) and pressure cooked on High for 40 mins. I was afraid it would not be tender enough but I was wrong and it came out perfectly. Served with corn tortillas, onion, and cilantro with mexican rice on the side
