Indian Saffron Rice
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/24709/indian-saffron-rice/
Place saffron in a small bowl. Add 1/2 cup boiling water; steep. Melt butter in a skillet that can be tightly covered over medium-high heat. Stir in rice and salt; cook, stirring constantly, until rice begins to absorb butter and becomes opaque, but do not let rice brown. Quickly pour in remaining 1 1/2 cups boiling water and saffron water. Cover immediately, reduce heat to low, and cook until all liquid is absorbed, about 20 minutes. For best results, do not remove the lid while the rice is cooking.
I used Basmati rice, replaced the water with chicken stock and added a cinnamon stick. I first heated about a 1/4 cup of stock with the saffron in the microwave for about 2 mins. Let it set for about 5 mins. Added everything to my rice cooker and let stand on "warm" for about 1/2 hour. This allowed the flavors to really settle in before turning on to cook. Rice came out bright and colorful. At the end added some frozen peas/carrots that had been defrosted in the microwave.  I made this exactly as the recipe called for, with the exception of grinding my saffron threads in a mortar and pestle before steeping them; and using salted butter.  I added a pinch of salt; it needed more salt, maybe a total of a scant teaspoon.  I cooked it in my Le Creuset braiser and it was perfect. My husband loved it, and that is worth five stars any day. First time I made it I substituted chicken broth for water, I may not have added enough saffron, tasted like regular rice with chicken broth.  Second time I made it I added mor saffron and used water.  Tasted fine but couldn't really taste the saffron. I modified it a bit by using 1 1/2 cups chicken broth added to the saffron "tea". Also I added white pepper. I made this with jasmine rice because in the days of coronavirus quarantine, that was all I cold find on the grocery shelf.  I had received some Iranian saffron threads from a friend who had visited Egypt, and I wanted something special to make with it.  I had to look up a conversion chart for the threads v the dried and it is about 10 threads per 1/8 t dried saffron.  I used a bit more than that and did put it in the boiling liquid.  It turned out really great.  A nice, buttery kind of flavor.  All my kids and husband liked it.  I am not usually a big rice fan but I went back for seconds. I have just a few saved favorites and this recipe is one of those! My daughter brought home a container of saffron from her travels so I use that for this recipe. I usually substitute 1 cup of the water with my homemade chicken stock for extra flavor. Always a hit when I serve this rice. I made a bit more rice and added a chicken bouillon cube.  I usually add my saffron straight to the rice.  I like this way.  I strained the saffron water into the rice to keep out the strands as I didn’t powder them.  Plus the butter is a great addition. I used the optional suggestions on the video. This was very good. I have to say that everyone using the whole saffron threads is missing out. I haven’t seen ground saffron for sale, only threads, but if you grind them in a mortar with pestle and steep them you get much better flavor and better distribution of color. I used basmati rice. Run of the mill rice has a lot of broken grains generally and can make for gummy results. Plus the basmati just tastes better. This recipe is a great jumping off point for more elaborate rice dishes. This recipe turned out great!  I had to use saffron threads because I couldn’t find powder, but otherwise followed the directions.
