Sicilian Eggplant Caponata
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/247268/eggplant-caponata-sicilian-version/
Toss eggplant with salt and place in a colander set over a bowl. Let sit, about 30 minutes. Rinse and pat dry. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add celery; cook, stirring often, until softened, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add onion and garlic; cook and stir until onion is soft and lightly golden, about 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a bowl using a slotted spoon. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in the skillet. Add eggplant and cook, stirring constantly, until lightly browned, 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in celery mixture, tomatoes, olives, capers, tomato paste, and oregano. Bring to a boil; reduce heat to low and simmer uncovered until caponata is thickened, about 15 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Season caponata with vinegar, sugar, salt, and black pepper. Transfer to a serving bowl and garnish with parsley.
So good coming from a Sicilian I used calamata olives since I didn’t have green but delish Flavor bomb! Great use of garden tomatoes and eggplants. I used Kalamata olives as I had them in the fridge. Thank you! Is there a recipe for canning.My mother used to can it but neve explained to me. Very similar to the recipe I learned from my Sicilian dad. We slice the celery rather than chop finely, then parboil it for a minute or two, drain it and then fry in olive oil.@Nancy di Fiore, with the aubergines, after you have salted them for 30mins, rinse them in water and wring then to squash the water out of them before frying… that way they soak up less oil. Great flavor! I had to make some adjustments due to my personal tastes but this is a keeper. I added a small amount of roasted red bell pepper, used dried oregano and mint instead of fresh oregano, and added a bit more sugar to make up for my average quality canned tomatoes. I loved it my Grandfather made this when i was a young kid and it tasted just like his thank you. This is about as close to my Sicilian Godmother's recipe as I could find.  It takes me right back to my childhood. Very easy, delicious recipe. I added chili flakes like my mother-in-law used to. I used Kalamata olives. I didn't have pitted green olives. Just gorgeous. Great with home made fish cakes. I add roasted pine nuts which make it even tastier.Bas, Coventry, uk
