Spicy Szechuan Green Beans
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/247349/spicy-szechuan-green-beans/
Combine green beans and water in a skillet over medium-high heat. Cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until beans are tender-crisp, 4 to 5 minutes. Add ginger, garlic, and sesame oil; cook, stirring frequently, until garlic is fragrant and golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Mix soy sauce, rice vinegar, sugar, and red pepper flakes together in a small bowl. Pour over beans and cook until sauce thickens enough to coat beans, 3 to 5 minutes.
My husband I ate these before we could even sit at the table. Instead of steaming/boiling them, I pan fried them in coconut oil. I heated the oil to a medium high heat so the beans would blacken a little bit. Once they were cooked (but still crunchy) I added the garlic (which became brown and crunchy) and immediately put in the sauce. I let it cook for less than a minute and put them in a sport dish. For the sauce, I didn't have ginger so I used ginger powder, I omitted the sesame oil since I fried them in coconut oil and used agave nectar in place of sugar. This will be a regular side dish/snack at our house! Very tasty and we'll be preparing them again. They went well with soup dumplings. Did what Erin Elizabeth suggested, fried for a while first (used sesame oil) but not to the point of blackening. I added shrimp for protein to make it a main dish. Very tasty, hard not to eat the entire thing! So delicious. I’ve made this so many times and there are NEVER leftovers My family not into vinegar so I used rice wine vinegar for more subtle flavor and I like the beans less crispy next will cook breaks a little longer but flavor spot on I made it as written.  Wouldn't need to change a thing.  Lots of flavor.  We love spice and there was just enough. Really delicious. Doubled the recipe and added some chili crisp for a kick. Definitely making again, easy and doesn’t take much time. Fresh ginger and garlic really make the difference. Delicious and very easy to make. I made some substitutions and added other ingredientes. Rice vinegar and sesame oil are not staples at home so I used apple vinegar and sunflower oil instead. My additions were white cabbage and champignons. For sure, I´ll make this recipe again and I think it´ll be a good idea to try it with other veggis such as carrots and zucchinis. Thank you, Tasha! I used all the ingredients listed in the recipe.  Since I prefer my green beans slightly crunchy, I used fresh beans and did NOT steam prior to cooking.  Adding the sauce mixture to my raw green beans allowed it to steam & cook to perfection for my taste.  I cooked this in my wok, over high heat, and stir fried the green beans until the sauce mixture evaporated and thickened enough to coat the beans.
