Braised Beef Cheeks
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/247467/braised-beef-cheeks/
Preheat oven to 275 degrees F (135 degrees C). Heat olive oil in a large Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add beef in batches and cook until browned, about 4 minutes per side. Add onion and carrot; cook until tender, about 20 minutes. Stir in garlic and cook until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Pour beef stock and wine into the Dutch oven; bring to a boil. Stir in porcini mushrooms, bouillon cubes, thyme, and bay leaves. Lay a piece of parchment paper over the surface. Cover with a tight lid. Bake in the preheated oven until beef is very tender, 5 to 6 hours. Transfer beef to a plate. Discard bay leaves. Blend cooking liquid with an immersion blender to make a smooth sauce. Serve beef with sauce.
Made this and OMG. I didn't have any mushrooms so I used a can of Cream of Mushroom soup instead. It is great.I served it over egg noodles. This is definitely a keeper. It is worth the wait. Made this for the first time as my family had never tried beef cheeks before. Everyone loved the dish. Definitely will make again. Don’t change a thing in the recipe!  It did only take 3 hours in the oven and not the 5 or 6 hours as stated in the recipe. Ours was done perfectly tender in 2.5 hours so I would keep an eye on it so flavorful the requests to make it again are constant .. excellent recipe We added some Montreal steak seasoning,  excellent This recipe is a  great find, thanks for sharing.  Superb flavor! I was surprised to find this readily available at my butcher shop.  I believe this is an oftentimes overlooked cut of meat.  IImmediately bought several pounds for my freezer.  This may be THE best  recipe this site has ever published...do they offer a recipe of the year?  It would be a  formidable contender!! I have discovered a new type of meat That I am able to eat without negative consequences. I’m very, very happy! I actually cut the recipe in half because I can’t eat very much and it’s just me that I was cooking for. I made the mistake of using 2  bay leaves Instead of cutting that in half. That was a little bit of a mistake, but even my mistakes are edible! This was so much fun to learn and now that I know it, I’ll be using it a lot more! Thank you Beef cheeks are a rare treat in our house. I usually follow a well tested beef and noodles recipe so I was a little nervous trying something new.  Glad that I took the chance because this was oh so good.   The only change was that I used fresh baby bella mushrooms, its all I had.  Will definitely use the dry porcinis next time as I think they will hold up better.  Thank you Robert for sharing! Fantastic! I only used about 2 lbs of beef cheeks and didn't blend the braising liquid at the end; but otherwise I kept  everything else the same. It may take awhile to braise, but it really doesn't take much time to prepare. I could also see this being made into a slow cooker meal as well. The meat is fall apart tender and full of flavor. Great with polenta or garlic mashed potatoes! I followed the recipe st I used 2 cups of cabernet. It was the most delish. A real meat and potatoes type of meal! Made this and OMG. I didn't have any mushrooms so I used a can of Cream of Mushroom soup instead. It is great.I served it over egg noodles.  This is definitely a keeper. It is worth the wait.
