Basic Mashed Potatoes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/24771/basic-mashed-potatoes/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add potatoes and garlic, lower heat to medium, and simmer until potatoes are tender, 15 to 20 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio When the potatoes are almost finished, heat milk and butter in a small saucepan over low heat until butter is melted. otdash Meredith Food Studio Drain potatoes and return to the pot. Slowly add warm milk mixture, blending it in with a potato masher or electric mixer until potatoes are smooth and creamy. otdash Meredith Food Studio Season with salt and pepper. Serve and enjoy!
I have been making mashed potatoes like this for over 50 years...and it's the way MY mother made them. For this recipe to be a success, you have to know a little about potatoes. Notice the recipe called for BAKING potatoes. Red ones will be gummy. Yukon Golds make GOOD mashed potatoes. Start them off in COLD water so everything will reach boiling at the same time. When they are tender, drain them in a colandar and let them STEAM. The more steam is gone, the more the potatoes will absorb the milk. (No problem with 'soupy' potatoes here...you even MAY have to add more milk than the recipe calls for. While the potatoes are steaming, heat the butter and milk in the same pot you cooked the potatoes in. (Why wash another pan?) Add the steamed potatoes and mash and season. (I've had my share of 'gummy' and 'soupy' mashed potatoe in my time :) Oh! And if this is for a special occasion...use cream instead of milk. Over the top!!! This is pretty similar to how I make mine. I do two things different. I use Yukon Gold potatoes, and I boil them with their skins on. This prevents some of the binding elements of the potato from getting boiled out, giving you a creamy consistency that will get people thinking you used cream cheese. One last thing is with the yukon golds I mash them with the skins on. You can't even tell they are there afterwards.BTW, I'm not going to be "that guy" that says how perfect a recipe with ... these minor changes :D. This is just my take on an already simple yet amazing recipe :). Gave it 5 stars because it stands great on it's own and any suggestions are strictly personal preference. Cooked the potatoes a lil longer. Bout 23 minutes. Potatoes began to break on their own. A signal they were done. Customized recipe by adding 1 whole stick of butter.Steam of potatoes will melt the butter while mashing.Seasoned with Garlic Herb Spice.Poured in 1 cup of whole milk. Mashed and mixed.Texture came out lovely. For 5 lbs. of red potatoes (NO, they aren't gummy!), I heated up 2-1/2 C 1% milk with 1-1/2 sticks of butter; Cut up the potatoes into chunks with about 2T Kosher salt and boiled them at high altitude for about 25 minutes until they were fork tender. Used a potato masher before adding the hot milk & butter, then used my electric mixer to make them creamy. Added Lawry's Seasoned Salt and Seasoned Pepper to taste, and they're in my crockpot, waiting until we leave for my friend's house! This is basic Mashed Potatoes 101 - keep 'em simple, folks! Simple and delicious great recipe three thumbs upquartering the potatoes made it even faster to put this recipe togetherso i give it five starsi added the butter and milk to my taste (which was more ) I have referred to this recipe for years, but never followed it exactly. I like to boil 1-2 cloves of garlic per pound of potatoes. Mash the potatoes with the garlic using a potato masher. Add the melted butter and milk slowly so you don't end up with soupy potatoes. I use 2x the butter and half the milk from this recipe. Add salt and pepper to taste. Once you have the flavor you like, use an electric beater until you get the consistency you like. I love this recipe my daughter is gluten and lactose intolerant but she can have yogurt and butter so instead of milk and butter we used homemade yogurt and butter it worked great we love how it turned out its creamy and delicious this is definitely a recipe we will be using again The only thing we changed is we added garlic to the butter and mashed ours in the kitchen aid mixer. We used whole organic milk. The potatoes taste as good as the whipped potatoes at high end restaurants. Highly recommend this easy to make recipe!! We used Klondike Rose potatoes (red skin golden flesh bought at target). Enjoy!! Thank you for the great mashed potatoes recipe! I think this is the first time I've ever made them from scratch. We had my boyfriend's parents over for dinner and I made these with the chicken I made and they came out great! The only thing is, I did not use salt and pepper. Also, I probably used about 2.5 lbs. of potatoes, I just eyeballed them though. Also, with the amount of potatoes I only used half a cup of milk and that was perfect. I kind of destroyed our blender on another recipe I was making, so I used a fork to crush the potatoes, then I added the milk mixture and then whisked it to the creaminess. At this point, the mashed potatoes were kind of cold, so I had to microwave them for a bit, which was no problem. Great recipe, will definitely use it again. My husband likes mashed potatoes whereas I like whipped spuds, so I tried this recipe to make him happy. :) I microwaved the milk and butter together on medium until the butter was melted... Oh, and after draining the potatoes I returned them to the pot and put the pot back on the burner (electric stove so heat turned off but still hot) for a moment to evaporate any excess moisture. Makes for even better potatoes! Next time, I'll add cheese and maybe garlic salt. Thanks so much for the recipe, Jon! Take about 8 cloves of raw garlic and throw them into the water with the potatos and let them cook together. They will be soft and mash easily. TO DIE FOR Just like mom used to make. I added a quarter block of cream cheese to the milk/butter mixture. Also, after mashing was almost complete, I added a beaten egg for a little extra richness and then stirred in a couple tablespoons of diced fresh chives. It was delicious - great recipe! Add only 2/3rd of the mild for starters so they are not too runny.
