Makhani Chicken (Indian Butter Chicken)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/24782/makhani-chicken-indian-butter-chicken/
Make marinade: Place chicken in a nonporous glass dish or bowl. Add 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon chili powder, and salt; stir to evenly coat chicken. Cover the dish and let marinate in the refrigerator for about 1 hour. Line a strainer with cheesecloth. Place yogurt in the strainer and allow it to drain for 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer drained yogurt to a medium bowl. Mix remaining 2 tablespoons lemon juice, oil, garlic paste, ginger paste, melted butter, remaining 1 tablespoon chili powder, and garam masala into yogurt until well combined. Pour yogurt mixture over chicken, cover the dish, and refrigerate once more to marinate for 3 to 4 hours. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Place chicken on skewers; arrange in a 9x13-inch baking dish. Bake in the preheated oven until almost cooked through, about 20 minutes. Make sauce: Melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Stir in garam masala. When masala begins to crackle, mix in ginger paste, garlic, and green chile pepper. Sauté until tender, 2 to 3 minutes; stir in tomato purée, water, chili powder, and salt. Bring to a boil; reduce heat to low and simmer, stirring in honey and fenugreek. Remove par-cooked chicken from skewers and place into sauce in the pan. Continue cooking until chicken is no longer pink inside, about 5 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Stir in cream until incorporated.
Excellent! If you love to spend hours in the kitchen, this recipe is for you. Great taste, but not so easy or quick to make. I've tried recipes that are just as good, with easier and faster preparation, so I won't be trying this one again. But it is excellent!To the person who "didn't get the taste of butter chicken at all," your name implies that you may be Indian, so maybe you know more about this subject than I do but: welcome to the world of Butter Chicken. I often eat at Indian restaurants and usually order butter chicken (it is my most favourite dish in the world). I have had butter chicken that is mild, spicy, sweet, bland, yellow, orange, red, almost greenish, creamy, not at all creamy, tomatoey, coconutty, with and without nuts and raisins. Such is the variety of butter chicken recipes - it depends on which part of India the chef hails from. Perhaps this recipe did not tickle your fancy, but it IS butter chicken. Marination in yoghurt is the key to tender chicken, the longer you marinate, the better. I always marinate the chicken the night before, or in the morning. AMAZINGLY FANTASTIC!!!!! This is my FIRST ever cooking review......why, cos I am seldom 100% with any recipe or I need to adjust it so much.This is one of the best curry recipes I have ever tried to cook and I am now cooking it for the third time this year!!!!ITS DELCIOUS, I love the creamy texture but its still spicy (I added lots more chillies) . I have been looking for something that's NOT tomato based for sooo long........YOU MUST TRY!!!! I've made a lot of  butter chicken recipes and this is one of the best.  Yes, spicier than most, but I loved that. So delish!  I left out the fenugreek leaves and used a little more honey.  I also used a 4 oz can of green chilies. Great flavor and easy to make. I added some cashews and cilantro. This was my first attempt making makhani chicken and it came out delicious! I didn't change anything to the recipe except that I couldn't find any fenugreek leaves so I had to leave them out.Side note: I noticed that the steps include adding honey to the sauce but nowhere could I find honey in the ingredients list. I had to watch the video provided by AllRecipes to find out how much honey to add (1 Tbsp). Warm and cozy dinner! Will make again. This was fabulous!  Always wanted to attempt making Indian Food, but, didn't know where to start.  My first attempt!  Amazing!  I read some reviews and only changed the amount of cayenne pepper.  I think instead of 1/2 teasp, I put in 1 or 2 Tablespoons!  I like it HOT!  Thanks for a great recipe! Didn’t have fenugreek, so used curry powder instead This recipe turned out really well, though I made a few changes. I roasted garlic for the garlic paste, added pureed caramelized onions to the sauce, and used a mix of tomato sauce and paste in lieu of the tomato puree. Will definitely be making this again.
