Chicken Savoy
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/24790/chicken-savoy/
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Place chicken pieces in a 9x13 inch baking dish. Pour oil and stock over chicken and sprinkle with garlic. Season with oregano, salt and pepper and top with cheese. Bake in the preheated oven for about 45 to 60 minutes, or until chicken is cooked through and no longer pink inside. Pour vinegar over chicken and serve.
I've had the chicken at the Belmont Tavern, and flipped when I saw this recipe - YUM!However, a few tweaks - more garlic! :-) I didn't have time to marinate, so I lined the chicken up in a pan, poured some chicken broth in to cover the bottom, then lightly drizzled the chicken (I used legs) with olive oil. I then put some crushed garlic on each piece, then sprinkled oregano (lightly), and grated Romano (generously) over all - I then drizzled the chicken (lightly) with Balsamic vinegar - Halfway through the cooking time, I turned the chicken, and repeated the application of garlic, oregano, romano, and balsamic vinegar, adding more chicken broth to cover the pan. When the chicken was done cooking, it had a lovely dark brown sauce that I poured over the top of the chicken prior to serving. Just like the Belmont! This recipe  isn’t it. Risking death on how I have this knowledge, the browned chicken in the skillet is placed in a searing hot pizza oven ( probably 700 degrees) and red wine vinegar like from the big jug used in restaurants, is thrown over the chicken before being finished in the oven in a very short time. For the home cook , you can use a 450 or 500 oven, though it tends to set off the fire alarms in NYC buildings. Sometimes I brown the chicken - sometimes I don’t. But in any case, I use a very generous salt, pepper, chopped garlic, oregano, romano cheese on top of each piece, put in as hot an oven as you can, roast till done - you judge- depending on whether you brown or not- 25-40 minutes. Then take pan out, douse it with red wine vinegar ( fumes will be strong) and pop back in oven for a few more minutes. I saw in comments that cheese is not part of real recipe, but to me, it recreates my memory of eating it. Forget the thyme and chicken broth and balsamic. I’ve eaten Chicken Savoy at Belmont Tavern many times, this recipe does NOT produce that chicken.  Literally tastes nothing like the Savoy at Belmont.  This is bland and has no bite.  Sorry. The flavor and texture were good, but there was so much juice that I felt the finished dish was watered down. I cooked it at 450 and the chicken was already cooked (over 170) after 30 minutes. Should I have cooked it the full hour? Almost burned down the house. 450° for 45 min to an hour can't be correct with only 1 cup of liquid.After 30 minutes smoke started coming out of the stove and the detectors went off. This came out great!  Next time I want to try it with the Red Wine Vinegar just to compare.  Very easy and delicious. Delicious. But cooking time is off. I used cut up breasts and cooked less than 40 min. I think 20-25 min would have been better. I made this exactly as the recipe instructed - except I increased the garlic (One clove of garlic? Why bother?) Really easy. Good dish for company when we return to normal. Since my wife and I prefer chicken thighs I made it with 8 thighs. Also I used granulated garlic that I sprinkled on top of the thighs. My wife loved it and we have enough leftovers for a couple more meals.
