Cheesy Meatloaf
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/24807/cheesy-meatloaf/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a large bowl combine the beef, pork, soup mix, eggs, bread crumbs, pepper and water. Stir in 1/2 cup of the cheese. Mix well and spread half of mixture into a 9x5 inch loaf pan. Spread remaining 1 1/2 cups cheese over meat loaf mixture. Top with remaining half of meat loaf mixture. Bake in preheated oven for 60 minutes. Let cool 10 to 15 minutes before serving.
This is very good! I've made it twice now. Both times I've mixed the cheese in with the meat. The first time, I used the beef & pork mixture and it was good, receiving a great reaction from my husband and son, "Please *only* make this meatloaf from now on!". The second time I used half ground sirloin and half ground turkey, plus Italian bread crumbs. I also made a "channel" in the top of the loaves (fills two pans w/ two lbs.) and added some Italian tomatoes before I baked them. Scrumptious! Other reviewers are correct - this makes a GREAT meatloaf sandwich. Also, FWIW, I didn't taste the onion soup mix much. Others may not be using two lbs. of meat to one packet??? I added in a LOT of black pepper, too. I definitely tweaked this one a bit but used the basic recipe and it came out delicious! I used the store-bought meatloaf meat, which I believe is beef, pork and veal. I used only one cup of cheese and used cheddar instead of mozzarella . I used whole grain crackers instead of breadcrumbs as I'm trying to eat healthy. I added one chopped up ripe tomato, and one medium green pepper. I also added some red pepper flakes, Italian seasoning, salt and pepper and dried parsley. Came out delicios! Turned out great, loved it! Great flavor and nice presentation, this was a nice quantity of meatloaf - we ate several slices and I froze several for next week! I mixed in 1 cup of the shredded cheese with the meat and used the other cup for the layer in the middle. Total cooking time was 80 minutes. - Oct 2023 My  wife is a fabulous cook, but she asks me to make this meatloaf cause she loves it so much! This is very good. I used a pre mixed meat for meatloaf (beef, veal and pork). The only real did different is I used Italian breadcrumbs since that is what I had available. I'm one who always adds ketchup to meatloaf since I don't usually care for it. I tried a bite first and I'm glad I did. Not a touch of ketchup was added to my plate. I'm definitely making this again. This meatloaf is the best! I’ve made it a few times and I’ve changed the meats …..hot Italian chicken and beef…..hot Italian pork and beef and I use fresh mozzarella in the middle and I think it’s delicious ?? I substituted a little cheddar cheese for some of mozzarella on the top. The cheese makes the loaf moist enough no one used ketchup or barbecue sauce. Very filling meal. Very good!  Hubby loved it... of course according to him, "EVERYTHING is better with cheese!"  LOL  For me, it was missing something? Will try to add some more spices next time... or maybe some onions or something. Just needed a little more "umph." But otherwise a win... will def make again! Great meatloaf. We used the shredded mozzarella cheese in the center.  15 minutes before the end of the cooking time we sprinkled a four cheese blend on the top and swirled some ketchup.  It took an extra 10 minutes to get the internal temp to 145°.
