Mom's Spiced Pumpkin Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/24855/moms-spiced-pumpkin-pie/
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). In a bowl, mix the eggs, evaporated milk and pumpkin. In a separate bowl, mix the sugar, flour, salt, ginger, cinnamon, allspice and cloves. Stir into the pumpkin mixture. Pour into the pie crust. Bake in the preheated oven 10 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) and continue baking 45 minutes, until a knife inserted in the center of the pie comes out clean. Cool on a metal rack.
overall, this is a very good pie with a nice taste. the time for baking is much longer than 30 mins at 325 however. Every time I have baked this it was at least 50 mins. Because of this amount of time in the oven, you may want to put aluminum foil around the edge of the pie to prevent the crust from becoming too brown. This is the Libby pumpkin pie recipe with the spices being doubled. I love that the extra spices give it some ooomph! I love this.  Pumpkin pie is my all-time favorite.  I too have a family recipe.  This recipe is better than mine.  The spices make all the difference. awesome recipe!!!! came out perfect This is the best pumpkin pie I've ever tasted! I made it exactly like the recipe. The only difference is that I did use fresh pumpkins rather than canned. I've made this pie over and over and we adore it.  My boyfriend won't even eat a store bought pumpkin pie anymore.  We've made this with canned and fresh pumpkin.  A MILLION times better with fresh.I do reduce the salt.  Everything else is exactly the same. I've been looking for a spicy pumpkin pie recipe since Mrs. Smith stopped making them. This one fits the bill. Followed the recipe exactly and loved it. Had filling left over and made about 6 mini muffin-pies with the rest. Baking time was 15 minutes longer for my oven. This recipe was enough for 3 frozen pie shells.  Luckily I had an extra pack in the freezer.  I used McCormick's pumpkin pie spice and used the recommended amount on the container and it was very mild in flavor.  Think I will try the individual spices next time. The texture and appearance were great, but I guess I like my pumpkin pie a bit sweeter. The spices gave it a bite instead of a blended flavor to me. My husband liked it, so I guess it's a matter of taste. I know I was looking for that traditional pumpkin pie flavor. Perfect! Not salty at all. Wonderful! Love the extra spice!
