Snow Ice Cream
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/24944/snow-ice-cream-ii/
When it starts to snow, place a large, clean bowl outside to collect flakes. When the bowl is full, mix in sugar and vanilla. Stir in just enough milk for desired consistency. Serve at once.
Oh boy! This is such a fun and yummy treat! We make this everytime it snows. Another variation is to sprinkle in some kool-aid mix and have the snow cream flavored! Lime is my very favorite. Easy and tastes better than high-end ice cream, in my opinion- however, I use half-n-half for the extra creaminess and I like chocolate sypup but that's just me. I loved this recipe!!! One thing to add if you want flavor is to add about a tablespoon of Jell-o. I just made some with orange flavor and it was SO good. there's three feet of snow outside and this is the best part of it. absolutely delicious. I topped with berries and put it on a fresh brownie. Very refreshing. I loved it This recipe is really good, but it isn't the same as regular ice cream, so bear that in mind. Make sure to add more vanilla and sugar as needed. I made the 1 C sugar, 2C milk, T vanilla. Very tasty. Suggestion tho, mix bought ingredients inside an hour ahead and refrigerate, this lets the sugar dissolve and then put your mix bowl in the snow to freeze it, then mix all ingredients. Much more Ice Cream look, touch and taste. I've made snow cream for years...40 to be exact!  The best way to mix up is mix the milk, sugar and vanilla to your preferred taste first.  Then you add snow until you reach the desired consistency.  This makes it much easier and you don't have to frustratingly have to keep adding one ingredient or another. I loved it! me and my siblings made it and it was great! I have made this since my little brother and I found a recipe without eggs (grosses me out).  This can easily be scaled down and adjusted to your tastes (using chocolate, different sauces and add ins).  I've always mixed the sugar, vanilla, and milk together and then the snow, which helps get rid of some of the grainy-ness that comes along with adding sugar after.  Love to make this with my toddler--and she can help!
