Oma's Cottage Cheesecake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/24981/omas-cottage-cheesecake/
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Melt butter in an 8 inch square pan. Stir in graham cracker crumbs, 2 tablespoons sugar and 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon. Pat over bottom and onto sides of dish. Set aside. In a blender, combine cottage cheese, milk, eggs, flour, lemon juice, vanilla, 2/3 cup sugar and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Blend until smooth. Pour into prepared crust. Bake in the preheated oven for 60 minutes, or until filling is firm. Allow to cool completely.
I made this and couldn't even tell it was cottage cheese. I used the lowfat kind, didn't put the milk in and used 1/3 cup honey in place of the sugar. It was amazing. We ate the whole thing and didn't feel guilty about it. Next time I'll try doubling the recipe for an even thicker cake. Very delicious, I will make it again ❣️ Amazing recipe! I added 100 grams of sugar instead of 134 and it was just as delicious and I think I will add even less next time I make it as it doesn’t need that much for my taste. I am confused. It appears the recipe has been adjusted over the years. People comment measurements, however the ingredients don't match. Like cut sugar back to tablespoons but it is already tablespoons etc. So now I don't know what is good and what isn't.  4-21-24. This was very good.  I made it in a 9-inch springform pan and used 1-1/2 cups graham cracker crumbs with the recipe amount of sugar and butter.  I baked the crust for 10 minutes and let it cool.  I also took one reviewer's advice to make 1.5 times the filling.  I also used 1 TSP vanilla.  I drained half the cottage cheese and did not add milk because  I like a dense cheesecake. Great recipe!! I like this better than cream cheese cheesecake because it tastes lighter, and the sweetness is perfect. Can substitute plain bread crumbs for graham cracker crumbs if needed and works great. Thanks for a great recipe! We loved this cheesecake!  I used a 10" ready made graham cracker pie crust!  When it as done and cooled over night, I served it with blueberries on top. I forgot to put in the cinnamon but the pie was delicious without it. I baked it a little longer than 60 minutes. My oven may be a bit off. Your Oma knows what's up, Sheryl K.!! This cheesecake is phenomenal!! I had numerous people try it, and not one single person guessed that it was made with cottage cheese (I didn't tell them it was until after they tried it, ha!). My only changes were to make this in a 9-inch round springform pan, and I also made 1 1/2 times the recipe. I followed everything to a "T", I just multiplied the ingredient amount by 1.5. As such, it took about 80-85 minutes to bake (totally expected this, and it worked just fine!). I also didn't pat the crust up the sides of the pan--instead I pressed it all into the bottom. I love how this turned out! It's creamy, decadent, delicious, and yet still a bit light due to the cottage cheese. It's also a cinch to throw together since all the filling ingredients go right into the blender! Thank you for sharing your Oma's recipe, Sheryl! This is an absolute keeper!! I loved the versatility of this! Made it exactly as directed and it was fine! one of the first "Blender" recipes I encountered, definitely makes life a lot easier! As to the versatility: I have made this different grades of cottage cheese, changed the crust to a shortbread crust and even a coconut almond crust! covered with various toppings - From raspberry coulis to cherry compote! I used to think all the people announcing their alterations were disrespectful, but I think it supports just how versatile and flexible this recipe is! A family tradition with us for over a decade now!
