Coconut Macaroon Brownies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/25016/coconut-macaroon-brownies/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9x13 inch baking pan. In a large bowl, cream together the butter and sugar. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, then stir in 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla. Combine the flour, cream of tartar and cocoa; stir into the egg mixture until well blended. Fold in walnuts. Spread half of this mixture into the bottom of the prepared pan. Make the middle layer. In a medium bowl, stir together the coconut, sweetened condensed milk and 1 tablespoon vanilla. Carefully layer this over the chocolate layer in the pan. Top with the remaining chocolate batter. Spread to cover evenly. Bake for 45 to 50 minutes in the preheated oven, until top is no longer shiny. Cool in the pan before cutting into bars.
These were AWESOME! I notice everyone else pointing out that we are supposed to use unsweetened coconut, but I used sweetened because it is what I had, and it was devine. I wouldn't change anything. The batter was very thick, so it was hard to spread, and I found that I had to spread it with 2 fingers with a little butter on them- the spatula just was clinging to the batter. I made them in a 9x9 bar pan and thought the thickness of the layers was absolutely perfect. These are just great and are definitely staying in my recipe box. We burned our mouths on them because we couldn't wait till they cooled to taste them, and they were worth it. They are even better the next day. The brownie is very thick, hard to spread and not really enough for a 13x9 pan. Should have followed my instincts and used a 9x9 with half the coconut mixture.  I can’t see how this could bake for 45+ minutes. We’ll see, it’s in the oven now. I made this recipe exactly as it is written. It didn't need the whole cooking time, though.  They were just OK. It is definitely way too much of a coconut layer. Could be about 1/2 to 2/3 of the amount and be better. I would not make this recipe again. They are too sweet, cut down the sugar and the condensed Sweetened milk , this made it too sweet!!! I will not make these again. Really good, too good. I now have to make them for EVERY office function. It was very rich.  I give it 3 based on coconut mixture and prep and cook.  The coconut mixture is extremely sweet and I used unsweetened and toasted the flake.  It's the condensed milk that makes it too sweet.  Also some of the coconut mixture stuck to the edges of my pyrex and it made it difficult once cooled to cut into neet squares.  The taste is there, mimicking a mounds bar but sweeter.  Very rich and will satisfy a sweet tooth.  But don't plan to serve neatly as it will crumble and stick. yes i absolutely loved it! thought it was undercooked but was just the condensed milk that makes it go slightly goey It was relatively easy to make. The only part I had trouble with was adding the cocoa mixture into the main bowl; it definitely thickens up which makes it harder to stir. I didn't change anything and I would definitely make it again! As others said, this made a super sticky thick batter. After fighting with the bottom layer (tried butter on my hands, oil spray on a silicone spatula, nothing worked), I figured out how to spread it when I got to the top layer. Have a cup of water nearby and whenever your spoon gets sticky, dip in water. The water will allow you to spread the batter evenly and smoothly.  I used 3 eggs for fudgy brownies.  I used the full 4 cups of coconut since the Bob's Red Mill unsweetened shredded coconut bag has 4 cups, but next time I will use only 3 cups. The coconut layer was too thick and a little dry. Definitely use unsweetened coconut; it would be way too sweet if you use sweetened. Since other reviews were not positive about the brownie I used 2 box mixes, one for the bottom and one for the top.  That made it a bit too thick for the 9X13 pan and caused my edges to be on the extra done side.  My co-workers thought that was a bonus.  I used sweetened coconut and it was not too sweet.  I'll make it again in a larger pan or not use quite all of the brownie mixes.  Mine did not look like the photo as the coconut layer mixed in with the bottom brownie layer but the bottom line was still delicious!
