Greek Butter Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/25064/greek-butter-cookies/
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Grease cookie sheets. Beat butter, sugar, and egg together in a medium bowl with an electric mixer until smooth. Stir in vanilla and almond extracts. Blend in flour, then use your hands to form a soft dough. Take about a teaspoon of dough at a time and roll into balls, logs, or "S" shapes. Place cookies 1 to 2 inches apart on the prepared cookie sheets. Bake in the preheated oven until edges are golden, about 10 minutes. Allow cookies to cool completely before dusting with confectioners' sugar.
BIG hit with everyone. Here's how I made them. First of all, that 'S' shape looked like a pain to make, so I took a melon ball/ice cream scoop, a very small one and using a level scoop, plopped them on the baking pans. Then, using the bottom of a glass, dusted in a little powdered sugar, squashed them flat, to about 1/4". When they were baking, I melted white chocolate and kept it warm. When the cookies were room temp, after baking, I spread the bottoms with white chocolate and put two halves together (like an Oreo).Then dusted the final cookies with the powdered sugar by sifting it with a fine mesh strainer. I know this is a far cry from any Greek type cookie, but these were really delicious, my husband's new favorites. Oh and I made them later using raspberry seedless jam on one side, and white chocolate on the other half, then put the two halves together, those are his new favorites. I used good chocolate, Lindt. Excellent recipe. I double the amount of vanilla and almond extract that the original recipe calls for by the way. These cookies were delicious! My family adored them. My only issue was trying to form then into the 'S's. In the end I went for balls, but they were fantastic. Highly recommend using parchment paper for easy removal! Well, I am spoiled by a greek mother-in-law who made the best cookies. These cookies were not buttery enough and too hard. the first batch I baked for 8 minutes, less than the 10 and the bottoms were golden but the cookie was crunchy. the second batch I cooked for 7 minutes, no golden bottom, and the cookies were still not good. I'll continue my search for the best greek butter cookies. I really liked that the recipe made so many for so little ingredients. I also like that it didn't take that long as well. I think that they turned out amazing. Excellent Great recipe. I actually add almond flour and crushed almonds in these and they are a hit. These cookies came out delicious. I doubled the amount of almond extract to give it a stronger flavor and it really made a difference. I made these today. I doubled the almond extract and didn't use the confectioner sugar. They're tasty, but as one reviewer said they burn on the bottom. Next time I'm not greasing the cookie sheet and turning the temp down. Also going to add nuts. Very delicious!! My best friend growing up was Greek and her mom made these all the time.  Ive ten said id like to try to make them so finally decided to search for recipes.  My friend hasn't ever actually made them!  I tried this and made in traditions twisted 's' shape as her mom did.  They ended up being just like hers and served them to other friends who've also had hers.  Got good reviews. Wish id tried to make sooner.  king another batch today as they're all gone!  love with a cup of tea.
