Kim's Ultimate Meatloaf
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/25144/kims-ultimate-meatloaf/
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). In a medium bowl combine the ground meat, egg, onion, 1/2 cup tomato sauce and cracker crumbs. Season with salt and pepper to taste and mix well; press mixture into a loaf pan and make a depression in the center. Set aside. In a small bowl combine the remaining 1/2 cup tomato sauce, vinegar, mustard, brown sugar and water. Mix together until sugar has dissolved and pour liquid over meatloaf. Bake in preheated oven for 1 hour.
This was my first meatloaf and it turned out fantastic!I did however use ground beef instead and I did not have an onion on hand so I used half a package of onion soup mix and breadcrumbs instead of cracker crumbs, ketchup instead of tomato sauce. I was afraid that 1/2 cup of brown sugar would be too much because of the ketchup so I used 1/4 cup instead for the sauce and I did not use any vinegar in the sauce...still it turned out perfect! First of all, THANK YOU KIM for this fantastic recipe. This may be the very best meatloaf I have ever eaten. Followed the recipe with a couple of minor differences. I used apple cider vinegar, put a couple of shots of Worshester in the meat mix and sautéed the onion prior to putting it all together. Very easy to cook. Clean up not at all bad. Was looking forward to meat loaf sandwiches later. Don't think there will be any left overs. A great dinner tonight. Great recipe.  I added bacon. Tastes good but why is it swimming in sauce? We literally called it meatloaf soup. I used lean ground beef (2 lbs) and only 7 crackers worth of saltines for crumbs. I kept the other ingredients as is. Depending on your tomato sauce, use less water in the sauce I used 1/2 cup of water and ground lamb.  It was delicious and I will definitely make it again! Great basic meatloaf recipe. After reading the recipe thoroughly before I prepared it, The volume of topping appeared to be more than was necessary. I adjusted the recipe by adding a half a pound of ground pork and 6 ounces of ground beef. Because I like oregano with my lamb I added a teaspoon of Mediterranean oregano. I used a two pound loaf pan, I had 1/2 inch of space for the topping. Shrinkage will allow the volume of topping to seep into meat. This was really surprisingly amazing   The sauce on top seeped into the (lamb)loaf making it so tender. I didn't have crackers so I used seasoned wheat bread crumbs. I also added sautéed onion and chopped garlic  to the meat and a little squirt of ketchup to the sauce along  with a can of tomato paste didn't  understand what type of mustard it was calling for so I used golden cuz I had it. It all worked out perfectly yummy! Very good-we all loved it!  I used 1 pound of  ground lamb and 1 pound of ground beef. Added an extra egg a little extra crackers some garlic powder and Italian spices.  Used the sauce as written and made it in an 8 x 8 pan. Perfect amount of sauce that way - and we devoured it. I have been making this meatloaf for a couple of years now, everyone loves it. I do not add the water and not a whole cup of crackers.  Turns out moist and yummy every time.
