Weeknight Skillet Slaw
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/253157/weeknight-skillet-slaw/
Mix chipotle hot sauce, rice vinegar, soy sauce, ginger, and agave syrup together in a small bowl to make sauce. Heat olive oil and sesame oil in a wok or large skillet over medium heat. Add ground turkey; cook, stirring to break up clumps, until juices run clear, about 6 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a bowl, reserving juices in the wok. Combine coleslaw mix, red bell pepper, green onions, and garlic in the wok; cook and stir over medium heat until slaw is slightly wilted, 1 to 2 minutes. Add sauce; mix to combine, about 1 minute. Return turkey to the wok and stir until heated through, 2 to 3 minutes. Sprinkle sesame seeds over slaw before serving.
Update 7/12/16 : This is good with tofu or use chicken in strips, whatever is good. Triple the amount of sauce when adding noodles or rice. Also, add some extra flavor and add a Tbsp of toasted sesame oil. Yum!! Original review: This is so good and equally versatile. I have made this twice and served it with white steamed rice and once with rice noodles. Yum! The leftovers are great wrapped inside radicchio leaves. Thank you for the recipe. Agree with other reviewers, this is super quick and tasty. Also very versatile. I stayed mostly true to the recipe, adding some cooked spaghetti squash and using maple syrup in place of the agave. I also used some chipotle juice from a can of chipotle peppers that I had in the fridge (in place of Cholula) and tripled the sauce. Added a bit of red pepper flakes as I like spicy flavor. I did not serve over rice or noodles, just with the spaghetti squash. I used some leftover roasted chicken and also added some firm tofu that I had pressed, cubed, and pan fried in advance so it was a little crispy (sprinkled w/ corn starch before frying). Served w/ a little drizzle of soy sauce and sriracha. Delicious! I used saitan in place of the turkey. I used the coleslaw with the red cabbage and carrots(like the cooker's notes said), the second time I made it I used tofu. I switched the red bell pepper for a green bell pepper  one the first time. Then I used the orange and yellow ones as well. I like this recipe. It is quick and easy to make. I made a number of substitutions because I didn't have everything on hand. Apple cider vinegar instead of rice vinegar, ground ginger instead of minced ginger, maple syrup instead of agave syrup, grape seed oil instead of sesame oil, and I left off the sesame seeds (didn't miss them). Wow, this was great. Different and tasty. No carbs, no dairy and easy. I used sliced pork instead of ground turkey. The combo of chipotle and ginger is great. We all really liked this. It's a great way to use up any veggies and the slaw is a great time saver. This time I used broccoli, shredded carrot, onion (cooked with the pork) and roasted red pepper. I doubled the sauce but should have tripled it -but watch the hot sauce-you may not want to double or triple that. I loved this recipe! It was quick, easy and tasty! Nice amount of spice! I make a version of this and put into enchiladas or crescent or biscuit dough to make homemade hot pockets. My kids will eat anything wrapped in dough! Also use up whatever little bits of leftover veggies are in the fridge. Excited to try this spice/sauce recipe. I used cabbage from our garden and added carrots to create coleslaw mix.  Otherwise, this was made as written with the addition of a sprinkle of Sriracha seasoning and the substitution of white sugar for the agave.  We enjoyed it enough to make it again sometime. This was easy and very good. I followed the recipe pretty closely. The slaw kit I had included a packet of sliced almonds and crispy noodles which added a nice touch.
