Reuben Casserole
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/25407/reuben-casserole/
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Spray a 9x13-inch baking dish with cooking spray. Spray one sheet of aluminum foil with cooking spray. Spread bread cubes in the bottom of the prepared baking dish. Layer bread cubes with sauerkraut and beef strips, then pour dressing over top. Cover with the aluminum foil, sprayed-side down. Bake in the preheated oven for 20 minutes. Remove and discard foil; sprinkle Swiss cheese over casserole. Continue baking until cheese is melted and bubbly, about 10 more minutes.
This one, according to my husband...ROCKED! Essentially, it's like the sandwich, only layered and baked. One change I made since I was making it for people I didn't know very well, was instead of rye bread, I purchased at my local grocer an "Asiago Cheese Loaf" I think any firm bread would be great, but the cheese bread, along with the other ingredients, were a perfect match. Husband, says,"Put this one into the rotation" High praise indeed! :) Also, it was so rich, that I think that next time I can substitute Low Cal 1000 Island, and I know he won't notice! Delicious, and my roommate thinks so too. I used half the amount of meat as called for, and it was perfect. Also tastes great reheated the next day! Made this casserole as posted with the following exception, used half corned beef on one side of the pan and half smoked turkey on the other for my non-red meat eaters, bread used was Deli Swirl (half rye, half pumpernickel). It was very easy to make and tasted good. It will go on my meal rotation list periodically for a change of pace taste. Thank you Jamon0126! It was delicious 😋The only thing different I did was toast my Rye bread and it stayed very crunchy. This is the first time I ever made this and I will definitely be making it again for get togethers. It was so easy. It was dry and not cohesive. We added 1 c of water, used 1 1/2 c of thousand island instead, and mixed 1/2 the cheese into the casserole. We mixed all the ingredients, with the exception of 1 c of cheese and spread it into a greased cake pan. Then topped it with 1 c of cheese. Making the changes I'd give it a 4-star, but know that I've had better. Horrible version of this recipe.  Bread crumbs should go on top of casserole. Not on the bottom. Turned out soggie and doughie. Layer: saurkraut first, then meat, then cheese, dressing, and press bread crumbs over the top. A sandwich would have been much better. Easy to make and (in moderation) it doesn't spike my blood sugar! It's a win-win! We LOVE Reuben sandwiches.  This will be a winter staple for us.  Hard to get rye bread here, in rural Australia. it was very tasty & easy to make. I would recommend it !! This recipe is so delicious!! It was very good, the bread made it taste just like a reuben sandwich, and this recipe is full of wonderful flavor. I truly appreciate JAMON0126 for sharing this delightful recipe. I will be making this recipe again!
