Simple Country Ribs
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/25432/simple-country-ribs/
Place spareribs in a large stockpot; add barbeque sauce, onion, salt, and pepper. Pour in enough water to cover the ribs. Bring to a low boil and simmer for 40 minutes. Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat and lightly oil the grate. Transfer spareribs onto the preheated grill, reserving the cooking liquid. Cook, basting with reserved cooking liquid often and turning frequently, until nicely browned, about 20 minutes.
These were great! I used boneless country style ribs and boiled them up the day before. I boiled the ribs for 40 minutes and then took the ribs out. The sauce was pretty thin so I boiled it more to thicken it. I put the ribs and sauce in a plastic bag and refrigerated them overnight. The next day we just fired up the grill and cooked them about 20 minutes using the thicken sauce to baste. They were very tasty and tender. Our guest asked for the recipe. Simple recipe easy to follow I used whole peppercorns and made sure that I kept the ribs below the surface the entire time. I have NEVER boiled meat in water OR beer! I've ALWAYS baked my ribs SLOW in the oven, THEN grill. I marinade them FIRST or make a rub. I also NEVER use bottled sauces (just MY preference. I DID however make a few just to see HOW they'd turn out. I didn't like them AT ALL! I get it though, it's a quick way. Ribs are MESSY no matter how you make them, that's the best part, licking your fingers. They were okay but you'd STILL Have to add things for YOUR personal tastes. I'll stick to baking them first. Yes, we liked it. I simmered the country rib in BBQ sauce, onion and wine for 40 minutes.  Then bastes with BBQ sauce for 20 minutes on the grill.  Quick, easy and tasty. Just eish i could print it out.But omg it was great plan on doing this again for the 4th of July So this is over 2lbs of BBQ sauce on much less than 2 lbs of meat (once the bones are removed) Good if you like a little meat with your sauce. Although it would be hard to use all that sauce. followed and it was a success..thank you :) I've been reluctant to parbroil BBQ ribs thinking it is "cheating", but I couldn't get ribs to fall of the bone otherwise with my charcoal grill which was just too hot for slow ribs, so I sucked it up and, WOW,  these were fabulous. I used Sweet Baby Ray's sauce, but I boiled for close to one and one-half hours after reading other reviews. I also discarded the boiling liquid and then grilled for 30-40 minutes with fresh sauce cooking until it was glazed. My family loved them and agrees, they are the best I've ever done. My new favorite way to do ribs!  So easy!  I will say, though, that I took the ribs out of the pot at 30 mins., placed them in a large roasting pan with some of the pot liquid, covered the pan with foil, and put them in a 275 F. oven for an hour or so.  While they were in the oven, I used the time to simmer down the pot liquid back to the consistency of the bottled sauce and then used that to baste them on the grill outside for about 15 mins. to caramelize them.  They were sticky and fall-off-the-bone tender!  Disappeared so fast I almost didn't have any myself! (Make sure to have hand wipes or wet washcloths handy!)
