Eggless French Toast
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/254403/eggless-french-toast/
Whisk milk, cinnamon, and vanilla together in a shallow bowl until well combined. Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Gently press two bread slices into milk mixture until lightly coated on both sides (do not soak). Cook coated slices in melted butter until golden brown and somewhat firm, 5 to 8 minutes per side. Repeat for remaining bread slices.
Hey guys, The trick to this recipe turning out great is a "Pastry Brush." Instead of dipping the bread,brush both sides with a pastry brush. This makes the toast extra crunchy and never soggy. It's delicious when done this way. Also, I make a quick Strawberry sauce to go over it. The pastry brush really brings out the true flavors esp.the butter. Try it and see. ????? Never have I ever had French toast stick to my pan THIS BAD Note: Recipe makes 9 slices, not 4. This was so easy to make my little niece made a batch and she is 5. she asked me if we could and a said sure you make the mixture and will both place this in the pan, so she dipped the bread in the mixture into the pan came out prefect. your trick keep a close eye on the heat if your using an electric oven (Which I Hate) keep that thing on medium. to medium/low gas medium heat. and non-stick don't use anything else it will get stuck. and we used french bread not white sandwich bread.  made a second batch with texas toast. hope this helps you all out. :) I’m not an egg lover, in fact, I hate it. This recipe gives me back a dish that I love without the dreaded egg. Definitely recommend. Didn't even form decent toast. It stuck to the pan and got very soggy. I think you shouldnt have it cook for 5 to 8 minutes because the first on got burnt but after 2 minutes it was great! It wasn't bad at all I did 2  batches and both came out nice. I used a nonstick pan and still used butter and the same mixture for both. The difference I did is in one of the batches I dipped the bread on both sides which makes it softer but gives it more flavor. The second batch I brushed on the mixture and it came out crispier but with less of the taste. Note that I did toast them in the pan BEFORE applying the mixture. A waste of good ingredients. I didn't let the bread soak because I suspected that it would get soggy, but it still became a formless glob in the pan while simultaneously burning onto the pan no matter how much butter I put down or how low the heat was. I'm sure that this is a good alternative if you can't have eggs, but otherwise, you may want to go out and buy eggs for a different recipe. Thank you for sharing this recipe! Your son is blessed to have parents like you who will find ways to help him experience foods he otherwise couldn’t! My eggs were frozen, so I had to improvise today. I used honey wheat bread, and did brush the mixture on each slice, and waited for it to toast like I would a grilled cheese. Even my autistic 10 year old loved it, and he is very texture sensitive! I will probably never use eggs in French toast again!
