Easy and Delicious Homemade Ricotta Cheese
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/254480/easy-and-delicious-homemade-ricotta-cheese/
Pour milk into a saucepan set over medium heat. Heat milk until it registers 194 degrees F (90 degrees C) on an instant-read thermometer, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir lemon juice and salt slowly into warmed milk. Let stand until milk curdles, 10 to 15 minutes. Line a fine-mesh strainer with cheesecloth and place it over a large bowl. Pour milk mixture carefully into the lined strainer. Let stand until most of the liquid has drained off the ricotta, about 15 minutes. Discard drained liquid.
Such a simple, basic recipe. No need for the added fat of heavy cream some recipes call for. Resist the urge to turn the heat up. And when you are done, don't throw the whey away. There are lots of uses for whey. Just google. Much simpler than I expected cheese making to be. Nice taste, texture. Hardest part was juicing 1-1/2 lemons! Much cheaper than buying ricotta and now I have whey. The cheese recipe is fine, but the fact that you “discard strained liquid” and advise others to do the same, is SO incredibly wasteful (and foolish).  The WHEY, which is the discarded strained liquid, can be added to countless recipes, in place of water, to add protein and nutrients.  Why on Earth would you throw that away?!?!?! Real Italian ricotta is made with goat's milk. This is a good recipe, and it works with an Instant Pot on the Yogurt setting. Doesn't need to use the boil setting if using ultra-pasteurized milk. If I had known 50 years ago how easy this was I never would have purchased Ricotta cheese for recipes!  Best part, you control how moist you want the cheese!  The longer you strain the dryer it is.  I like it so I can crumble like Feta.  Delicious!!! It was very easy. I did learn putting cold milk in a pot will take more than 5 minutes to bring up to 190 degrees. Put a bit in pasta with chicken, scallions and arugula. Will do it again for sure! Delicious, you must follow directions exactly.  I only used lemon so far, next time I'll try the vinegar method. I've heard that this is how ricotta is made, but never tried it. I needed some today and gave it a try. perfect! crazy it's so easy! thanks for the recipe. Added extra white vinegar as slow to curdle with lemon juice. Turned out great.
