Chef John's Cherry Clafoutis
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/254553/chef-johns-cherry-clafouti/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Butter a 2-quart baking dish. Place flour, 1/3 cup sugar, salt, and milk in mixing bowl. Whisk thoroughly to blend and break up any lumps. Whisk in eggs and vanilla until well blended. Ladle about half of the custard into the prepared baking dish. Bake in preheated oven until set, about 12 minutes. Remove from oven. Distribute cherries evenly on top of the set custard. Sprinkle with 1/3 cup sugar. Ladle in the rest of the custard; avoid rearranging the cherries. Bake until puffed and browned, about 45 minutes. Cool to just warm. Serve warm.
I wanted to try this with some fresh cherries that I had, but saw that it was best warm, so I made half the recipe in a 1.5 qt. dish. I did not pitt the cherries and used 2 eggs (rather than half an egg) and it was puffed, browned and a knife came out clean at 35 minutes so I pulled it out. Having never had a Clafouti before, I can't compare it to another, yet I think it is really wonderful. It is tender with nice crusty edges (until it cools) and not overly sweet. I don't like eating around the cherry pitts but wated to try it. Next time I think I will pitt them and cut them so that they can be enjoyed in smaller pieces easier. Overall I think it is a wonderful use of fresh cherries. Thanks. Fun to try and really enjoyable. Other recipes recommend serving it with a dusting of powdered sugar. I did a few things different but it was very good. I would like to try it again in a pie plate, the bigger container made the bottom burn.  It is a egg custard and would be great with plums and peaches!  I will make it again. Very simple recipe. And leave the cherry Pitts in. Wonderful flavor n easy to pop out when eating!it's Something went very wrong, but I think it was my fault or my oven’s fault. The first layer of custard took an extra 5 minutes to set and the full clafoutis just wasn’t setting in the middle… very frustrating! I ended up keeping it in the oven like 30 additional minutes in an attempt to get it to set. Way overdone. I think the issue might be that I had some pans stored in my broiler and forgot to take them out, which might’ve redistributed the heat improperly. I’ll try again with the pans out! I have never made one of these before and never eaten one. Mine turned out with layers and had an eggy souffle texture. The flavor was good and not needlessly sweet which we enjoyed. But I suspect I baked the initial layer too long creating the layer effect. I wish chef had provided a picture for reference. I baked an additional ten minutes hoping it would puff but it barely did, probably because I put in too many cherries. Next time i think i will add fewer and bake strictly to the times specified. Maybe it will be better. Vanilla was great though. I’ve probably made this about 100 times! My favorite go to easy and guilt free dessert. I follow the recipe almost exactly, with the exception of the sugar- I use 1/2c, and even a bit less if the fruit is especially sweet. I use 1/4 c in the batter, but the sprinkle the other half (I use a vanilla infused sugar) over the top of the custard instead of over the fruit. The sugar on top creates a crusty sweet vanilla scented topping as it bakes. I liked this recipe as the end result is tasty. I made two changes which were: a gluten-free flour mix and lactose-free milk. Uber easy recipe and works like a charm. I made it with blueberries first, and then again with tiny Concord grapes. For the grapes I used only ½ cup of sugar since they were so sweet. Both were delicious. Rave reviews from friends and family. This is now my summer dessert go-to recipe. Thanks Chef John! My husband, who is not particularly handy in the kitchen,  made this last evening.  Fresh cherries are on sale this week and we chose this recipe to try.  Wow, this is delicious.  He didn't change a thing, left the pits in despite my doubts about it, and removing them as we ate was worth the added flavor.  So delicious and we'll likely make it again with fresh peaches, apples, blueberries, any fruit would be good. He doubled the recipe, so glad he did,  and we ate it still very warm from the oven.  This morning I had it with my coffee, cold, and it's still yummy. I'd describe it as less of a custard consistency and more of a delicate crust.  Unique actually.  This is a dessert that is so simple, yet impressive. Made this with tons of ripe blueberries in a pie plate, first used leftover crust from a Gateu Basque (had a disk of it saved in the freezer), and lastly I topped with powdered sugar. I love that French custards are not too sweet! Let's the sweetness of the fruit shine. I also enjoyed it cold like a fruit tart. Thank you sharing the recipe! Will use again :). I found a jar of sour cherries in my pantry and was looking for a quick recipe to make.  Didn't have enough for a pie, and this recipe sounded good.  I was right!  It is delicious!  Definitely making this again.  Posting a picture.  I couldn't wait more than 5 minutes for it to cool...so one serving is missing! haha!
