The Perfect Basic Burger
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/25473/the-perfect-basic-burger/
Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat and lightly oil grate. Whisk egg, salt, and pepper together in a medium bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add ground beef and bread crumbs; mix with your hands or a fork until well blended. otdash Meredith Food Studio Form into four 3/4-inch-thick patties. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place patties on the preheated grill. Cover and cook 6 to 8 minutes per side, or to desired doneness. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
I was somewhat hesitant to try this recipe after seeing that it had only 3.5 stars (I know, 3.5 - I don't like wasting food). However, I tried it, as I wanted a plain burger that I could top with ketchup, mustard, onions, and pickles - in other words traditional toppings. I'm not one for fish burgers or anything gourmand-like like that. To the user that said that this burger was tasteless, I would say that the burger would be tasteless by itself and with no condiments. However, I added a slice of cheese (let it melt a bit under the burger patty), pickles, ketchup, mustard, a couple slices of onions, and wow. It was great. Let me just say that I won't be going to Burger King for a while. This burger tasted great - it tasted so juicy and meaty! I had one for lunch and one for dinner. Deelish. This is 5 stars with a few modifications for our preferences. I reduced the breadcrumbs to 1/4 cup, added 2 tsp ketchup, 1 tsp Worchestershire Sauce, 1/2 tsp HP Steak Sauce, 1/4 tsp onion powder and 1/8 tsp dry mustard. Gives the burger a robust flavor. Thanks to the poster! I substituted a puffy spicy snack food from Walmart for the bread crumbs and also added powdered cayenne pepper along with salt/pepper + chia seeds (good for you, no taste) and 2 eggs to make 4 large burgers.  Patties taste very good on their own.  Also these patties don't tend to burn like they do when I add ketchup/mustard/relish to the mix. So this is the way forward for me. It was very good, but we didn’t add pepper It was delicious 😋.  I ran out of bread crumbs so the next best thing were veggie crackers and I whized it up well and added it to the meat. Turned out really good. 5/5 Was like eating a meatloaf sandwich. Love this recipe. Juicy and flavorful. Will certainly do this again. Great burgers! They did shrink in on themselves quite a bit, but they still ended up being a great size! The recipe is great, but I added 1/2 Teaspoon of garlic and onion power.
