Chef John's Nashville Hot Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/254804/chef-johns-nashville-hot-chicken/
Arrange chicken pieces in a large bowl. Whisk buttermilk, pickle brine, hot sauce, and egg together in a mixing bowl. Pour marinade over chicken and stir to ensure each piece is thoroughly coated. Cover and let chicken marinate in refrigerator 2 to 4 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix flour and salt together in a shallow flat dish. Remove chicken from marinade and blot with paper towels. Reserve marinade. Toss chicken in flour until thoroughly coated. Return chicken to marinade, coating all sides; remove chicken from marinade allowing excess to drip back into the bowl. Coat the chicken once again in flour mixture. Place on a rack. Repeat with all chicken pieces. Allow to sit out about 15 minutes to allow coating to dry out a bit. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place butter and lard in a large pot. Add cayenne pepper, brown sugar, paprika, garlic powder, kosher salt, and black pepper. Place over medium-high heat. Cook and stir until fats melt. Remove from heat; keep sauce warm. otdash Meredith Food Studio Fill cast iron skillet about 1/3 of the way with vegetable oil. Heat oil to 350 degrees F over medium-high heat. Carefully place chicken into hot oil, skin side down. Maintain an oil temperature of 325 degrees F, adjusting heat as need. Fry until instant read thermometer reads 160 degrees F, 8 to 10 minutes per side. Transfer chicken to a rack to drain. Brush with the sauce on both sides. otdash Meredith Food Studio Enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
I'm a fried chicken snob, and this recipe came very close to the fiery version I've eaten down South. To turn up the heat, I added a teeny bit of habanero chili powder and that did the trick.As a seasoned chicken fryer, I also added my not-so-secret ingredient to the flour mixture to make the chicken extra crispy: about a half cup of Matzo meal. Really!Finally, I have a trusted Lodge cast iron skillet that never lets me down on frying projects. The tricky thing is getting the oil temp just right and keeping it hot. If the oil's not hot enough, it makes for greasy chicken. If it's too hot, the coating burns before the chicken's fully cooked. All that sounds like a huge hassle, but it's so incredibly delish, you'll be glad you made the effort! I replaced half the cayenne with smoked sweet paprika. Whisk butter and lard into 3Tbsp simmering water then whisk in spices and sugar.  It won't split or break as it is emulsified like a burre monte. You guys have gone above and beyond this time this dish alone is why I'm alive my kids love it so much thanks you guys at allrecipes Tasted... Terrible. Heating to these instructions burns the chicken. The sauce is not "hot." The crisp is not there - needs cornmeal. Just all around terrible! Ive had Nashville chicken in Texas & liked it much. But i don't eat pork which means lard , so I'm mortified that the place I go to there does it this way too. I never in my wildest dreams thought this was a common practice . I'll have to ask the restaurant now. I will try this version with butter substituted though . We always try our best to follow the recipe the first time and then adjust to our liking.The only change was boneless thighs and deep frying the chicken.This was absolutely great. Probably the best fried chicken I have made. Thanks Chef John this is a keeper. Very good,however the sauce separated. But once is cooled down and congealed I was able to get it on the chicken better. I like it, but it seems like there should be a touch of acid somewhere, like a little vinegar or citrus? Loved the recipe. I adapted it to be vegan with seitan and milk/fat substitutes, and it still created a wonderfully crispy breading. My only dislike was that I thought the sauce could use some tweaking to really hit a Nashville Hot level of spice and flavor.
