Halloween Jell-O Shots
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/254844/halloween-candy-corn-jell-o-shots/
To make the yellow layer: Pour boiling water into a small bowl. Add lemon gelatin mix and stir until dissolved. Pour vodka into a 2-cup liquid measure; add enough ice to make 1 1/4 cups. Pour into lemon gelatin mixture and stir until slightly thickened; remove any unmelted ice. Pour mixture into 16 tall shot glasses, filling each 1/3 full. Refrigerate until lemon gelatin is set, at least 1 1/2 hours. When lemon gelatin is set, make the orange layer: Pour boiling water into a small bowl. Add orange gelatin mix and stir until dissolved. Pour vodka into a 2-cup liquid measure; add enough ice to make 1 1/4 cups. Pour into orange gelatin mixture and stir until slightly thickened; remove any unmelted ice. Pour into shot glasses over lemon gelatin. Refrigerate until orange gelatin is set, at least 1 1/2 hours. When orange gelatin is set, make the white layer: Stir hot water and unflavored gelatin together in a bowl until gelatin is dissolved. Stir in condensed milk and rum. Pour into shot glasses over orange gelatin. Refrigerate until set, at least 30 minutes.
These were a HUGE hit! I recommend doubling the recipe for the yellow and making the yellow layer fairly thick in the cup. I poured such a thin layer you could barely see the difference between the orange and yellow layers. Also, for the orange layer we used mandarin flavored vodka. Recipe was easy to follow. I couldn’t find orange jello, so repeated lemon jello for second layer and used a couple of drops of red food color. I ordered 2 oz. clear shot glasses on Amazon. Made 2 dozen shots and nestled them in a layer of candy corn at the bottom of the serving plate. A fun and colorful “shot”cuterie board! It was great!We didn't add anything to the recipe. Made them last year and going to make again this year, my guest loved them! Very boozy use way less volka!! Looked super cute!!  Would make again with 1 cup vodka only!! This is the second year I made these.  I always receive a lot of compliments. This year instead of rum I used butterscotch schnapps. I reduced alcohol to 3/4 cup for bottom 2 layers. Used lemon vodka and peach, orange blossom vodka with plain rum on top layer. People have been raving over these for the last 2 years! I total hit at your party!! Turned out great! Although be sure to stir the gelatin a long time for it to dissolve properly! I had trouble with the top layer jelling. I ended up having to scrape it off and just put whipped cream for that layer. They were a hit at the party. Next time I would add orange food coloring to the orange jello. You had to hold them to the light to see the different colors. I was handing these out to adults that were out trick or treating with their kids and it was a HUGE hit! For the lemon I added pineapple mango Svedka, for the orange I added mandarin Orange Absolute and the for the clear I added Captain Morgan. The lemon and orange kind of blended together in color, so next time I may add a little yellow food coloring so it stands out a bit more. For the top layer, I used boiling water instead of warm and I also heated up the rum a bit as well. All the adults said they were the the BEST Jello Shots they ever had! Definitely will make these again next year!
