Broccoli, Rice, Cheese, and Chicken Casserole
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/25490/broccoli-rice-cheese-and-chicken-casserole/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Bring water to a boil in a medium saucepan; stir in instant rice, cover, and remove from heat. Let stand for 5 minutes. Mix prepared rice, chicken, broccoli, processed cheese, condensed mushroom soup, condensed chicken soup, milk, butter, and onion in a 9x13-inch baking dish. Bake in the preheated oven until cheese is melted, about 30 to 35 minutes. Stir halfway through cooking to help cheese melt evenly. enna111
My husband and I love this recipe, although I did adapt it to use fresh broccoli, 8 oz each finely shredded cheddar and mozzarella, and half of a rotisserie roasted chicken. I have made it several times and it is one leftover that is gladly eaten. It really does freeze well. I make several small casseroles at a time. I made this recipe as is and I found it just OK. You need to have a very deep 9x13 dish if you’re going to fit everything into it — I left out some of the rice because it just wouldn’t fit. Secondly, I would sauté the onions before adding. The onions in this go-round were still pretty raw, which is why I gave this a 3. Delicious!! I used a cooked chicken breast, fresh broccoli slightly steamed and onion in butter slightly cooked. I cooked up Balsamic rice instead of using Instant rice. I also sprinkled 1/2 pkg of Lipton’s Dry Onion soup and used less processed cheese and butter. I sprinkled a little shredded cheddar on top of the casserole before baking and baked 20-25 minutes before stirring and incorporating all the ingredients. Seasoned with salt and pepper. This dish is definitely a keeper and one I will use when we have dinner guests. Was very disappointed with this recipe.  I even added sauteed chicken pieces but it lacked flavor and would definitely replace the processed cheese for real cheese if I ever attempt it again to improve it. Like others cooked rice in chicken broth. Added a few pepper flakes as why not. Good comfort food. This is good!!  I didn’t have instant rice but I whipped up jasmine rice in my instant pot.  I also used up queso and pimento cheese in the fridge for the processed cheese.  The French onion suggestion was excellent. I used dagny's suggestions. Great!4-stars is for EXACT recipe. I preferred dagny's suggestions ..5 stars. Even better... Substitute the onion for French's canned fried onions. Use half mixed in and the other half on top in the last 5 minutes of baking.Other option...leave out rice and serve over canned biscuits or toast. Can even sub leftover turkey at Thanksgiving time. This is a VERY OLD recipe!  Decades old.  Kraft originally published it, I think, using Cheese Whiz and Minute Rice, plus their soups.   I've been using it for 30 yrs, if not more.  I modify it in all types of ways as follows:1. Instead of adding in Chicken, I just leave that out so I can serve it with Beef or Chicken or whatever protein I'm cooking.2.  I've switch out Cream of Mushroom and Cream and Chicken in many variations, sometimes combining them in 1 can of each, or only the Mushroom, and it's ALWAYS delish!3.  The ORIGINAL RECIPE uses 1 jar of Cheese Whiz, instead of  using Velvetta or natural cheese - just use same amount.  If using Cheese Whiz, we use 2 small jars, one with Jalapeno's and one plain cheese to control the heat.  Even makes it easier.4. I ALWAYS sauté 1 stalk of celery (really increases flavor) and onion in butter, while Microwaving my Broccoli, then mix in all together...EASY PEASY!5.  I usually make it on Stove Pan, in covered 12" skillet, to keep from heating my kitchen (it's HOT here in TX!), and it works the same!  Cook onions, celery in butter while Microwaving Fresh or Frozen Broccoli, and pre-cooked Minute Rice, then mix in soups, add cheese and Broccoli, mix well, heat to melt cheese.  Done in 15-20 minutes and no heating up the kitchen.6.  Works GREAT with a grilled London Broil!  Or any grilled meat, really.  My fam loves this and looks forward to it.7.  Can add in Jualpeno to sautéed veggies if you like some heat.  I've done this many times...but fair warning, watch the heat of the actual pepper you're using!8. Also have added in 1 tsp Dried Red Peppers, so this way it's easier to adjust to heat. Raw peppers like Jalapeno's are unpredictable in their heat.Enjoy! Easy, easy, easy - especially on a weeknight! Even the 3 and 7 year old liked it. I just didn't tell them it had broccoli and onion in it!!  TIP: Casseroles, which call for veggies and you have picky kids (or any picky eater [my wife!]), cut them in very small pieces. You can slip almost anything by them!! 💚 Enjoy! Pretty good.  I used white rice instead of instant rice.  I think next time I will cut the cheese in half.
