Sheet Pan Chicken Fajitas
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/255038/sheet-pan-chicken-fajitas/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine oil, chili powder, oregano, garlic powder, onion powder, cumin, salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper in a large resealable plastic bag. Add chicken tenders, bell peppers, and onion; seal the bag and shake to mix. Marinate in the refrigerator, 30 minutes to 2 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a rimmed sheet pan with aluminum foil. Spread chicken mixture onto the prepared pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Roast in the preheated oven, stirring halfway, until chicken is no longer pink and bell peppers are softened, 15 to 20 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of chicken should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Sprinkle cilantro and pour lime juice over chicken mixture; stir to distribute.
This was surprisingly delicious! I didn't have time to marinate for more than 15 minutes. Used one of each green pepper, red pepper and rather large onion. Cut up boneless chicken breast into 1" pieces. I did put everything into a Ziploc bag to marinate---I was thinking I might just do everything on the sheet pan, but am glad I did the bag. Was easy and could really tumble everything around to get coated with the spices and oil. I did not have any cilantro or lime and didn't miss it---although I do love cilantro! Cooked as stated---no one was ready for dinner yet and had to keep hot in oven for about an extra 15 minutes...and didn't seem to hurt the dish. Very good! Served in flour tortillas with avocado, sour cream, cheddar and hot sauce with a side of rice and beans. Followed the recipe to the letter and they were Deeeelicious! Made as directed except did not use cilantro (we don’t like it) and forgot to use the lime jc. (I discovered the unused lime still on the counter during cleanup).  Delicious.  We loved it.  Will definitely make again. This seasoning is great.  The chicken takes longer to cook than the veggies.  So I suggest you marinate them separately.  Then when the chicken bakes for about 10 minutes, add the marinated veggies to the pan.  Then the veggies are not overdone. I have followed this recipe several times to great success. The last time I made it, I took the time to quadruple the amounts of spices, mix them, and place them in a clean jar.  Today, all I had to do was dip into the prepared mix. Makes life SO easy. This is a regular in our household- whether in tortillas or over chips to make nachos, it is always perfect and easy! Perfect and easy. I don't always remember to marinate the chicken before hand and it still turns out well. My son who HATES peppers was even willing to eat the peppers.  This recipe was outstanding! Delicious! I did this as is, and will do it again soon.
