Sausage and Sweet Corn Muffins
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/255011/sausage-and-sweet-corn-muffins/
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F ( 190 degrees C). Place paper liners in 12 muffin tin cups. Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Remove casings from sausages (if not packaged in bulk) and place in skillet. Break the sausage into small pieces with a wooden spoon as it cooks. Cook until the sausage is crumbly and thoroughly cooked, about 7 minutes. Add bell pepper; cook for about 2 minutes. Remove skillet from heat. Push sausage mixture to one side of the pan and blot up some of the rendered fat with wadded paper towels leaving about 1 tablespoon. Let mixture cool. Place flour, corn meal, baking soda, and cayenne pepper in a mixing bowl. Whisk until combined. In a separate bowl, whisk eggs and buttermilk together. Add egg/buttermilk mixture slowly to flour/cornmeal mixture. Add fresh corn kernels, green onions, Cheddar cheese, and reserved sausage mixture. Stir in melted butter; mix just until flour is mixed in. Divide batter among cups in prepared muffin pan. Top with a few shreds of Cheddar cheese. Bake until golden brown and a toothpick inserted into a muffin comes out clean, 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool to warm before serving.
Really delicious! These are going to become standards to have in the fridge for the kids to grab on the way to college every morning -- they are VERY satisfying. We didn't have buttermilk on hand, so we used skim milk with a little added vinegar. Also used a cup of whole wheat flour instead of the white flour (with a teaspoon of baking soda instead of a half to make up for it) and used turkey sausage instead of pork. Quite yummiful!Next time we'd like to use little cubes of cheese (and more of it!) instead of shredded cheese, as we felt the shredded cheese taste gets lost in all the marvelous ingredients. Unfortunately, the pinch of cayenne wasn't noticeable....being from New Mexico, we plan to add chopped green chile next time. Also thinking about scrambling about 8 or 10 eggs with a little salt, then filling each muffin tin half way with recipe mix, adding a tablespoon of scrambled egg in a small depression, then fill each tin with recipe mix the rest of the way. We think the egg will get done, but not sure. There will likely be closer to 15 or 16 muffins then, as our first batch of 12 were all quite big, though maybe that's because we didnt measure out the green onions, cheese, and corn -- just used a good amount.Another splendid recipe, Chef John -- keep up the good work! Tasty.  I halved the recipe.  The poached egg was a perfect touch. This recipe is amazing, simple and yummy! I used turkey sausage, and changed nothing else. I ended up with 48 smaller muffins, but that’s a good thing. Serving with grilling this Memorial Day. Bonus: only 4 WW points each!! Win win win. As a side note: I will probably either swap sweet peppers for hot; maybe jalapeños, or add more cayenne. Just sayin’. Made these in a hurry one morning. Turned out great. Some bites did feel a little dry but not sure what I'd change to make it more moist. Most bites were perfect. I did use ground turkey sausage and it worked well enough. I'm sure regular sausage would be even tastier. Used baker's joy spray (since I'd read the muffin liners stuck) and poured right into muffin cup tray - no sticking whatsoever at removal. This turned out pretty good actually!  I found this when I was looking for recipes to use up some extra buttermilk.  I used ground chicken sausage and 1/2 tsp of cayenne (although honestly I could use probably 1.5-2 x next time).  I skipped the paper liners and just sprayed the muffin tins with a little olive oil and they came out super easy.  I made just a couple of changes - I skipped the olive oil (the sausage has enough fat to not stick to the pan), used whole wheat flour, and a total of 1  c of cheddar cheese (3/4 in the muffin and 1/4 on top).  Next time I will add just a little salt (maybe 1/4 tsp?).  Perfect served warm with a little butter. I love Chef John. As a child who grew up on Hamburger Helper, he's shown me techniques that I managed to miss learning in decades of cooking from books. But....these were awful.  They were so dry and crumbling that I ended up breaking them apart, toasting in the oven for a few minutes, then adding heavy  cream, eggs, and herbs to make a cornbread dressing for some Cornish game hens.  It  was actually good, hence the second star. found it dry.. So yummy! I didn't have cornmeal or enough sausage, so instead I used a 50:50 sausage bacon combo and used grits en lieu of cornmeal.  It turned out wonderful and my family loved having something yummy to grab while heading out the door. I made these today and, like all recipes I have tried from Chef John, they were delicious! I used a mixture of red bell pepper and poblano peppers. I also used Tennessee Pride Hot breakfast sausage. I should have used the pinch of salt but when slathered with salted butter you don't miss it. Very moist and dense. These will be great to send with hubby for breakfast. These were bland, disappointed in the recipe.
