Homemade Chili
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/255259/homemade-chili/
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-low heat. Add onion and garlic; cook and stir until onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Add ground beef; cook and stir until browned, 8 to 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Transfer beef mixture to a 6-quart slow cooker. Stir in kidney beans, diced tomatoes, tomato purée, water, green chile peppers, chili powder, salt, cumin, and black pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook on Low until flavors combine, 4 to 6 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Homemade Chili Haiku: "Not sure it's 'homemade' when ingredients are canned. But dang, is it good!" I halved the recipe for 2 adults and 2 kiddos, using a can of Rotel and one 15 oz. can of tomato sauce instead of the puree and made it in advance, letting it simmer in the dutch oven for an afternoon, tucking it into the fridge, then re-simmering next day b4 serving with cheese and Frito scoops. Nothing outstanding about this chili but maybe that's why we ate all of it up with no complaints. It's just a good, easy, basic chili. Can't wait for cooler Fall temperatures so we can have it again. I made it using Rotel and tomato sauce. Also, the cup of water was beef broth. I only put one can of beans (not big on beans in chili).Not only did I use cumin, and chili powder, I put in some turmeric as well. Also, I was out of minced garlic so I use garlic powder and garlic salt.Use what you have is my motto! I like most the recipe but....Why sauttee the onion and garlic, then cook brown the beef with it mixed in?Do you not drain the grease? When you drain the grease, there goes all the flavor from the garlic and onions I (try to) follow a recipe exactly as written if I am going to review it, which is what I did here - even used tomato puree.  It is delicious as written and, as shown in some of the other reviews, chili is always easy to 'play with'  and still get a great bowl of yum!  Thanks for sharing your recipe! Made this for my Dad's 80th Birthday party as Chili is his favorite food. It was a hit with all the party goes. I doubled everything except the green chilis and tomatoes. I made it with corn bread muffins and baked potatoes with all the trimmings. I had less than a serving left over and people still wanted more. Will be making this again. I added chopped green peppers and used ground elk meat instead of ground beef much more flavor and less fat! Instead of canned green chilis, I used one jalepeno, diced and sautéed with the onion and garlic. Also, a healthy dose of Slap Ya Mama seasoning. Served with cornbread - a perfect winter weekend dish! This is on point. Thank you for sharing!
