Better than Cracker Barrel Chicken 'n Dumplings
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/255236/better-than-cracker-barrel-chicken-n-dumplings/
Place chicken and 1 pinch salt in a large pot; cover with water. Bring to a boil, skimming any scum off the surface with a slotted spoon. Add lemon, celery, onion, and carrots. Simmer broth over medium heat until chicken starts to fall off the bone, about 1 hour. otdash Meredith Food Studio Discard lemon. Remove chicken from the pot; let cool. Place flour, salt, and pepper in a large bowl. Make a well in the center. Ladle in 2 to 3 scoops of hot broth. Mix in flour with a spoon until dough comes together into a ball. otdash Meredith Food Studio Turn dough out onto a floured surface. Knead carefully until smooth. Roll out into a large rectangle; cut into small rectangular dumplings. otdash Meredith Food Studio Drop dumplings one at a time into the simmering broth. Cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 30 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bone chicken and chop into pieces. Add to the pot; cook until heated through, about 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I am the author of this recipe and I want to add a couple of notes. First use a roasting or stewing chicken not a fryer as they have less fat. More fat, more flavor. Don't scimp on the flour, the more flour you use the thicker your broth will be. When you take the chicken out to remove from the bones and add your dumplings you should remove the lemon as well. If you add frozen vegetables it is important that you bring your broth back to a boil BEFORE adding your dumplings. These are flat dumplings from the Kentucky region NOT drop dumplings which are similar to matza. When I say a pinch of salt I am talking old school grandma used her hand to measure, it's probably more like a tablespoon, just taste and adjust accordingly. Hope this helps This was ok ish.Family didn't like the flat dumplings ( we are used to the fluffy drop dumplings. If I make this again I would make the drop dumplings as well as omit the lemon. While I haven't made this particular recipe yet, I've made Chicken and Dumpings several times before, and it always amuses me to see the argument that Flat Dumplings are noodles. I hate to tell you, but there are two kinds, Flat Dumplings and Drop Dumplings. Both are correct, it all depends on where you're from and Family tradition as to which one is right. I was raised on Flat Dumplings and prefer those, but I've had (and made) Drop Dumplings.  Just make what you like and enjoy them and don't criticize other's choices, it's their families' tradition. I use milk and no lemon. That’s how we did it in Ohio back in the day!! Been adding lemon to chicken soups for decades, nice to see it in recipes these days! Thanks for clarifying 'pinch' for us. A shortcut to dumplings is rolling out cheap, canned biscuits and cutting them in squares. Cheap buttermilk biscuits, not the 'layered' ones. Thanks for sharing the recipe! I’d not like the lemon and added more vegeatables. Love it!! Used Chicken thighs and Breast instead of whole chicken and it came out very good. Used a little lemon juice instead of a lemon and taste was excellent. I omitted the lemon. Just preference. I've made this several times and I love it. I add garlic and parsley and extra carrots. I thicken some too. One of my favorite recipes! It was very good, I altered the recipe by using chicken broth and 4 chicken breast
