Simple Chicken Mayo with Parmesan and Bread Crumbs
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/255305/simple-chicken-mayo-with-parmesan-and-bread-crumbs/
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Place chicken breasts in a baking pan. Mix Parmesan cheese and mayonnaise together in a bowl until well combined; spread evenly over chicken breasts. Coat with bread crumbs and sprinkle with herbes de Provence. Bake in the preheated oven until chicken breasts are no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, 20 to 25 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
This is a quick and easy and very delicious dinner to prepare. I used a packet of Costco boneless skinless chicken breasts and followed the recipe. The bread crumbs I used were the Progresso Italian bread crumbs. I did make my own herbes de Provence using a recipe from this site. Timing was perfect and dinner was delicious. We will have this one again. You can't miss! Thank you so much, EmmieYum! So delicious and so easy!!! The Mayo chicken was great!!  everyone loved it. I loved it for 2 reasons: Very easy to make and taste yummy. Easy in, and easy out; goes well with crispy baked potato recipe that goes in first for 20 min. , then brushed with butter and salt, THEN put the chicken in along with finishing the potato,  for 25 min. Nice ! Added artichoke hearts into the mix - spread it over chicken. Excellent I've been making this for years!  I do add an envelope of onion soup mix with the bread crumbs and Parm..  Also works with bone in pork chops !!! Best recipe ever! Total Fire. Juicy and delicious. Don’t change anything. Mmmmmm mmmmm Quite tasty for being so quick and easy. I used Italian Seasoning instead of Herbs de Provence and substituted an Italian 3-cheese blend with Parmesan, Romano and Asiago cheeses for the Parmesan. I also used Vegenaise instead of mayonnaise. Served with brown rice and a salad for a delicious meal. Perfect for when you are busy on a weeknight and want to use the mayo, bread crumbs, and herbs you have already.
