Edible Cookie Dough
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/255365/edible-cookie-dough/
To heat-treat your flour so it is safe to use: Place flour in a microwave-safe dish and cook for 1 minute and 15 seconds, stirring it every 15 seconds. Set aside. Beat sugar and butter with an electric mixer in a large bowl until creamy. Beat in vanilla extract and salt. Add heat-treated flour; mix until a crumbly dough forms. Stir in milk until dough is just combined; fold in milk chocolate chips and mini chocolate chips.
IMPORTANT: don't use raw flour... it's easy enough to pasteurize! All you have to do is stick the flour in the microwave for a minute stir it up so it doesn't form clumps and and microwave it for another minute (2 minutes in total) this kills any bacteria that may be in the raw flour and makes this cookie dough safe to eat!!! Easy and super yummy. I replaced the butter and milk w plant based products Made this dough and made 2 cookies 1 was stuffed it with Nutella and choc cookie with white choc chips Pretty tasty! If you're like me and your dough was still all crumbly post-milk: what I did was put it all in a plastic bag and mush it around. Turned it into the right consistency easy peasy! Then you can scoop what you want into a little dish and store the rest in the freezer. Very good. Somewhat unami taste, which was very much appreciated. I melted the chocolate chips in the microwave before putting them in. Simple change, resulted in a much more even distribution of sweetness. I initially halved the amount of chocolate, which was fine, but ultimately after slowly increasing, I deemed the best amount to be 3/4 cup. I also mixed by hand instead of by machine (I just like that part of the process). Otherwise, I stuck to the recipe, and I found the result to be very good. Absolutely Delicious! I mixed it with a few scoops of vanilla ice cream and made chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream. I would definitely recommend this recipe to anyone who likes eating chocolate chip cookies batter. don’t use as much butter and if you don’t have any chocolate chips, peanut butter is a wonderous replacement It tastes perfect. If you don't have chocolate chips use cocoa powder for the chocolate flavor. It still turns out amazing. I just made this for a second time. The first time I didn’t have all purpose flour so I used coconut flour… would NOT recommend because it made it SUPER grainy and hard to eat. This time I made it with einkorn all purpose flour and it made a GIANT difference. This is the first time I’m using this type of flour but wow! I don’t know if it’s just because the first batch sucked so bad or if this kind of flour is really that good but this recipe is bomb! I would add to soften the butter a little bit before beating so that it doesn’t break your beaters… straight from the fridge is challenging One day I made 1x and then today since it was so good I made 4x and I'm sharing it with my family I liked it, a bit greasy but full of amazing flavor. Make sure to heat treat the flour! I try to make these once a week! I put the cookie dough into a greased mini muffin pan, and freeze them for 15 minutes. Then, I pop them out, and keep them in the fridge for the perfect little cookie dough bite! 😁 Less butter Me and my sister made them. It didn't go so well but makes a great mixture! Not bad but hard to understand some parts for me but other than that its deacent but make sure to chuck it in the freezer for a bit because it tastes better
