Root Beer Float Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/255459/root-beer-float-cookies/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease 2 baking sheets. Beat butter, brown sugar, and white sugar together in a bowl with an electric mixer until creamy; beat in pudding mix. Add eggs and root beer concentrate; stir in flour and baking soda. Fold chocolate chips into the dough. Drop spoonfuls of dough 2 inches apart on the baking sheets. Bake in the preheated oven until golden, 8 to 10 minutes.
YUM really good.. different cookie taste than the usual. My only sub was the root beer extract. concentrate. I went to three stores looking for it,.. no where to be found. I know I have seen it before, but not this time. I grabbed a cheap bottle of root beer, , poured 2 cups into a pot and cooked it down to a syrup. It worked great and its a lot cheaper than a bottle of extract. .. if you even able to find the stuff. These went over really well at church.. made the root beer fans very happy Genius recipe, so unique and extremely delicious. The white chocolate flavor actually pops out as more of a creamy vanilla to the contrast of the clean root beer dough. Not a cookie binger, except today. These cookies are delicious! I couldn't find rootbeer concentrate or extract ANYWHERE near me so I went to Walgreen's pharmacy and asked for rootbeer flavor. They carry LorAnn flavors and the bottle only has 1 teaspoon of flavoring in it.  I'm not sure if concentrate or extract would have changed the taste but my cookies came out super yummy! These have turned into some of our favorite cookies. They are delicious and easy. I love that they aren't your run of the mill cookie. I turn to this recipe when I have to take cookies to an event. Very good! The only thing I changed was the addition of one teaspoon of salt and I browned the butter. A big hit at our house! The Root Beer flavor is very light, I would suggest not using the vanilla pudding, or using 1 Tablespoon of the Root Beer Concentrate YUM  really good.. different cookie taste than the usual.  My only sub  was the root beer extract. concentrate. I went to three stores looking for it,.. no where to be found. I know I have seen it before, but not this time.  I grabbed a cheap bottle of root beer, , poured 2 cups into a pot and cooked it down to a syrup.  It worked great and its a lot cheaper than a bottle of extract. .. if you even able to find the stuff.  These went over really well at church.. made the root beer fans very happy
