Vegan Pumpkin Chili
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/255492/vegan-pumpkin-chili/
Combine vegetable broth, kidney beans, pumpkin puree, black beans, garbanzo beans, diced tomatoes, red bell peppers, onion, tomato sauce, baby spinach, green chile peppers, olives, orange juice, garlic, vegetable oil, tomato paste, cocoa powder, brown sugar, cumin, chipotle powder, salt, Mexican oregano, and coriander in a slow cooker. Cook on Low, stirring occasionally, until flavors combine, about 8 hours.
This was delish! If you let it cook the full 8 hours it thickens up naturally. I didn't need to add any arrowroot or corn starch. The only changes I made were I substituted tastefully simple garlic garlic for the fresh garlic cloves (I was out of fresh), I didn't have coriander, so I skipped that. I omitted the spinach just because I forgot to add it in at the end. Other than that, I followed the recipe and it came out great. It did take me about 35 minutes to put it all together. That would be the only negative I have. I was unsure of how this was going to turn out (it started more soupy than I was expecting) but over the course of a couple-3 hours it thickened to a great consistency and even better taste! Made this recipe today.  Came out great.  I omitted the spinach and added crumbles instead.  I also used Arrowroot the last hour of cooking as a thickener.  It worked great, and there is no taste to arrowroot.     It does make a large batch, so just a warning, you probably not be able to eat all of it at one sitting.You could also use cornstarch or flour for a thickening, but I would recommend the cornstarch over the flour.  Actually arrowroot is best, because it is tasteless. This chili has a lot of flavor!  However, the amount of chipotle powder was way too overpowering, even after I added more of all the other spices.  Also, the chili was a little more liquid-y than I'm used to, and I even drained/rinsed the cans of beans.  I would put the spinach in at the end next time because I did not like the texture of soggy spinach.  But overall, good with some sour cream to tamper the chipotle!
