Chef John's Chicken a la King
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/255588/chef-johns-chicken-a-la-king/
Melt butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms and salt. Saute until mushrooms release their moisture. Continue cooking until moisture evaporates and mushrooms begin to brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Add shallots; cook and stir just until shallots soften, 3 or 4 minutes. Reduce heat to medium. Stir in flour to coat the mushrooms; cook until flour begins to turn golden, about 5 minutes, to form roux. Add peppers; cook and stir about 1 minute. Pour in sherry wine; allow to sizzle about 30 seconds. Stir in stock. Raise heat to medium-high and bring to a simmer. When it starts to bubble, reduce heat to medium-low and cook until slightly thickened, 10 to 15 minutes stirring occasionally. Add nutmeg and cayenne pepper. Stir in thyme, parsley, cream, and chicken. Reduce heat to low and cook until chicken is heated through, about 5 minutes. Check seasonings and adjust as needed. Top each serving with some chopped fresh chives.
I had friends over to help rake leaves today so I made them lunch. I made the A La King this morning and just reheated at lunch time. I served it over beds of brown rice (also re-heated) and a crisp salad. HUGE likes! Everyone liked it very much. I made the recipe exactly as written. The next time I make it I will throw in another shallot and a clove or two of garlic. Only because I would prefer it, not because the recipe needs it. Another Great Chef John recipe! This was very good and easy to make.  Maybe my electric stovetop burns hot but the shallots burned very easily so I made a note to turn the burner down to medium before adding.  My sauce also got browner than pictured.  I didn't see the note at the bottom to use more flour for a thicker sauce until I was all finished.  It was pretty runny but oh, so tasty. Made as written.  Just sort of there. Very bland except too much tyme.  Sorry, I don't recommend Excellent made as written.  Served over both ciabatta toast or puff pastry shells.  Used 1/2 cup flour - perfect. Served over pasta, and I was kind of disappointed with how bland it seemed. Tried adjusting with salt, pepper, and lemon juice, and it was still kind of blah. I added homemade broth with sherry, tarragon, lots of pepper, a little bouillon, thyme, but this was the best of all the other recipes I reviewed.  It takes much more herbs than most recipes suggest.   Bay leaves are a must. Very nice, served over rice. I didn’t change a thing. Loved this!  Out of necessity, I had to make some small changes: celery instead of sweet peppers, white wine instead of sherry, sour cream instead of crème.  But it was absolutely delicious!  Served over egg noodles.  And whoever said it was too time consuming, I beg to differ.  A lovely, no pressure meal. This recipe was delicious. I've made several variations of Chicken ala King in our 50 plus years of marriage but this one is my husband's favorite. The only changes I made were adding chopped onions instead of shallots, using white cooking wine instead of dry sherry and saving time by buying a rotisserie chicken from Sam's Club. In the past I served the Chicken ala King in Pepperidge Farm Pastry Shells but this time I served it over soft baguettes from Aldi's that I had cubed. Thanks Chef John. This is my go to recipe from now on! This was a very tasty way to use up leftover chicken. It was a nice hearty meal to serve up on mashed potatoes - perfect for the cooler weather. I would probably make it a little thinner. I will definitely be making this again to use up random produce I have on hand. Thanks, Chef John!
