Pizza Dough Pretzels
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/255590/pizza-dough-pretzels/
Lightly flour a work surface. Place dough on flour and sprinkle more on top. Begin to knead dough, kneading about 2 tablespoons flour into dough until it is soft and supple but not too sticky, 5 to 10 minutes. Cover with a large bowl and allow dough to rest and come to room temperature, 15 to 20 minutes. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper and sprinkle lightly with cornmeal. Place water in a deep skillet. Whisk in baking soda to create an alkaline bath. Bring to a simmer over medium-high heat. Adjust heat to keep water at a low simmer while you shape the dough. Dust dough with a sprinkling of flour as needed so that dough does not stick to work surface. Flatten slightly and divide into 6 equal pieces. Shape each piece into a round dough ball. Shape each dough ball into a disk, thinner in the middle, thicker around the edges. Poke a hole in the center. Gently keep pulling and stretching until you've achieved a round pretzel shape that's not too thick. Transfer pretzels (in batches if necessary) to the simmering alkaline bath. Boil about 30 seconds per side. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet with a slotted spoon. Immediately sprinkle with coarse salt while pretzels are still wet and sticky. Let rest for 5 to 10 minutes before baking. Place on center rack in preheated oven until beautifully browned, and stretch marks have formed, about 20 minutes. Exact times will depend on the specific size and shape of your pretzel. Transfer pretzels to a wire rack to cool slightly.
I just want to add that the amount of time it boils in the baking soda water is very important. If it stays in the baking soda water too long, the flavor is very strong. Mine were inedible because I boiled them for maybe 2-3 minutes each side. Hope that saves someone from making the same mistake.(I'm not really rating the recipe) It also works with Walmart thin & crispy pizza dough mix, and would likely work with other mixes! In fact, it works better, I think, since you're starting from room temperature!Use store bought pre-made pizza dough if you want a more bready type soft pretzel, or use pizza mix if you want a more typical soft pretzel texture like you'd buy frozen at the store! The mix version dough might not rise as much as you let it rest, but I've found that it still makes a decent amount of pretzels!If you brush a little oil all over the pizza dough ball before you let it rest, it makes a crispier outside of the pretzel!For "coarse salt", I recommend kosher salt.Please be careful to make sure you simmer each pretzel for 30 seconds on BOTH sides! Remember, our phones can easily set timers for us :)Thanks Chef John for another banger of a recipe! As soon as I saw that he was the creator, I knew immediately that I had to try it out! And now this is going to be a mainstay easy snack for me and the kids in my household!Pictured here is a few of the ones I made using the cheap pizza dough mix (it made about 6-7)! Look great used a pizza dough from whole Foods that was really sticky needed more flour than I expected added cheese, jalapeños, pepperoni and seasonings 🧂 I had in my cabinet they look delicious and tastes even better Recipe  is good This was easier then trying to do the whole yeast & rise part of the dough. Watch cooking time because smaller size of pretzel only needed 12-15 minutes.  I’m terrible at making shapes but finally settled on tie knots. Stored in plastic container but added paper towel to soak up moisture.  Hot honey mustard for dipping was perfect complement. The recipe as it is works perfectly!  Flavor is classic even without adding the mustard.The pretzel makes an excellent bagel substitution for a smoked whitefish, lime, onion, cream cheese, tomato sandwich.  Seriously....this is food of the gods.Heck, cut the pretzels into rounds and top with cream cheese and lox and fresh dill and black pepper and watch your brunch guests swarm the table.I have since moved on from this with confidence to making sourdough based bagels, but using the same oven and boiling systems.Thank you CJ! Very easy to follow and make. I loved these Pretzels with a nice cold beer and mustard. Made pretzel bites with homemade pizza dough and followed this recipe. Turned out wonderfully! Easy recipe and family favorite They didn’t last long!
