Classic Minestrone Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/255650/classic-minestrone-soup/
Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Sauté onion, carrot, celery, garlic, and rosemary until vegetables begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Stir in tomato sauce, beans, water, broth, zucchini, pasta, and pepper; bring to a simmer. Cook, uncovered and stirring occasionally, until pasta is tender, 10 minutes. Stir in parsley. Serve topped with Parmesan and additional parsley if desired.
This was my first time making minestrone and I loved it! There were a few things that went wrong that were my fault, not the recipe's, but I'll share them anyways. I didn't have rosemary or parsley, so I just omitted them. instead of Contadina Tomato Sauce, I had to use a jar of mushroom-flavoured Ragu sauce that, honestly, just didn't taste very good. I also didn't have chicken broth, or any kind of broth (I really should've gone shopping beforehand) so I used water mixed with soya sauce, since I read online that that was a good substitute. Let me tell you, it's not, if you don't have broth you're probably just better off going to the store or making this another day. I played around with the spices a little bit until I got a flavour I liked. I used kidney beans instead of the kind the recipe recommended and this worked out very well. I also cut up half of a large zucchini since I didn't have celery, taste great. The last thing I'll say is that it might be a good idea to slightly pre-cook the pasta, since mine seemed to take a really long time to cook and eventually I just left it slightly undercooked because I didn't want to ruin the rest of it. All in all, loved this recipe and can't wait to make it again! Made it exactly as described except used dried Thyme b/c I had no rosemary.  I made a double batch for a potluck and everyone loved it.  Lots of compliments Excellent minestrone! I did not stray very far from the original with the exception of using beef stock because I had it and elbow macaroni in place of the ditalini. I always double these recipes, so it lasted for a few days and only got better. Very tasty broth with the chicken broth and tomato sauce combination.  It seemed to me to be the perfect blend of vegetables, to pasta and beans.I would have attached a photo but I ate it up before I took one. Just like the restaurants Perfect! Even a Florida summer can't ruin having this for lunch dinner or anytime. I don't eat meat or heavy bread however a thin slice of crusty warm buttered toast is wonderful with this What a great base for any hearty soup.  I always double recipes like this, so I’m sure my ratios were off, but it’s a very forgiving recipe.I used cannellini and great northern beans, and found a pasta called Acini di Pepe no. 78, which is a teeny tubular pasta. I did not add the tomato sauce because I purposely wanted to reduce the acidity.  (Not traditional, but who cares.). Next time I’ll try vegetable broth for a vegetarian version and I’ll throw in chunks of ham when I’m feeling carnivorous.Great soup.  Great way to add more veggies to my family’s diet.  Great starter when you’re sick of salad, again.  Will make again.  Thx! this is a keeper!!  turned out great even though I didn't use cabbage.  I did use about 3/4 cup of pasta and I think it could've used even a bit more-nect time I'll add 1 cup. This is my go to minestrone recipe.  I do add some baby spinach to the recipe for extra vegetables.  And I use Romano cheese,  personal preference. The ditalini is an option rather than a required for me and I cook it separately to keep more of the broth. Love this with or without the pasta. Delicious!
