Applesauce Pumpkin Spice Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/255621/applesauce-pumpkin-spice-bread/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease 2 loaf pans with cooking spray. Mix flour, cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves, ginger, baking soda, salt, and baking powder together in a large bowl. Combine brown sugar, white sugar, applesauce, and eggs in a large bowl. Add pumpkin and mix well. Add flour mixture alternately with water, mixing well between additions. Divide between the prepared loaf pans. Bake loaves in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 60 to 65 minutes. Cool in pans for 10 minutes. Invert onto a wire rack to cool completely.
Great. if huge, recipe! I used pumpkin pie spice, cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves, and a bit of cardamom and allspice. OMG the house smelled divine!I also added in half a container of vanilla yogurt for more depth (normally would have done a couple of big spoons of sour cream, but was out). I used almost all the sugar called for (just did light scoops, not packed, so probably 1/3 c less overall), and it was perfect. I topped it all with a struesel crumb topping - also perfect!This recipe made one 9"x5" loaf pan, one 8"x4" loaf pan (I only have one of each) and 6 regular muffins (and put walnuts in the smaller loaf - delish!). I filled each container halfway with batter and had plenty of room - it only rose about an inch leaving an inch room after, so I could have done without the muffins and had taller loaves, but with a new recipe, better to be safe than sorry! This bread is amazing. I subbed out stevia for the white sugar, added chopped walnut and pecan halves. It’s is hearty and rustic and just so flavorful. For my next batch I’m going to find some butterscotch flavoring or add some caramel. Good stuff, my husband says he wishes we could make candles that smell like this! Very moist and delicious bread!  Spices were a little overpowering, in that the pumpkin got lost.  I made the recipe again for a friend, but I cut the sugar a bit and cut the spices almost in half except the cinnamon!  Love cinnamon....turned out perfect!   Everyone’s  taste buds a different so a little tweaking is a good thing!  Otherwise, the bread was a hit!  So good!  Will keep in my recipe box. I thought this was very good! thanks for sharing! This is a good recipe and its moist and flavorable. My husband loved it! It was very good even though I thought there might be too many spices in the recipe.  I was making this bread for 8-11 year old girls and wanted to share my  love for pumpkin bread. After it came out of the oven and I tried it, the taste won me over, but  I felt it needed the addition of a creamy, sweet mouth feel, so I added a cream cheese frosting.  The responses by the girls made me know that  I had a homerun on my hands. I followed the advice of others and used less sugar. I personally think it tasted really bland, but with a little tweaking I think it could quite tasty. Delicious!!! Just okay. Halved the spices. Used 1cup whole wheat flour & a little wheat germ. Many reviews said it was too sweet and also too much spice.  So I cut all the spices and sugar in half as suggested.It was so bland.  What a waste.
