Chef John's Apple Fritters
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/255631/chef-johns-apple-fritters/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Melt butter over medium-high heat and cook until it turns golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add apples and cook over medium-high heat until apples just begin to soften around the edges, 3 to 4 minutes. Sprinkle in 1 tablespoon sugar and continue cooking another 2 minutes. Remove from heat. Drain in a strainer; let cool to room temperature. otdash Meredith Food Studio Whisk flour, baking powder, salt, cinnamon, ginger, and nutmeg together in a mixing bowl until well combined. otdash Meredith Food Studio Whisk egg, 1/4 cup sugar, and melted butter together in a separate mixing bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add cooled apple pieces and sparkling apple cider; add the flour mixture. Stir just until flour is incorporated. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spoon about 2 tablespoons batter per fritter, into hot oil, slightly flattening them out. Cook in batches. Fry on one side until small bubbles appear on the surface, about 2 minutes. Carefully flip fritters over and fry the other side until richly browned, about 2 more minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Transfer with a slotted spoon to a paper-towel-lined plate to drain grease. Cool slightly before glazing. otdash Meredith Food Studio Whisk powdered sugar and cinnamon in a mixing bowl. Add enough apple cider, 1 teaspoon at a time, to form a smooth glaze that is just runny enough to drizzle over fritters. Enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
I never make changes the first time out with a recipe. This one doesn't need changing. I started making this for my husband because he loves apple fritters but the bakery ones hardly have apples in the fritter. He liked them alot. Then I made some for my mother in law one day and she's always asking me to make these. The only spice I put in is the cinnamon. I also use a gala apple and cook it like the instructions. I never drain it after cooking because there's very little liquid to drain and doesn't affect the outcome. I've had to multiply this recipe by 6 because everyone wants them. LOL This is my first time making fritters, and this recipe didn’t disappoint. My husband likes a little crunch to his fritters so I left my apples uncooked (diced fine, about 2.5 cups). I thought we could get more apples in there so maybe next time I’ll up it to 3 cups. I put a bit too much sparkling cider in my glaze so it was a bit too liquidy but my kids didn’t mind. I just don’t know how to keep these fritters crunchy more than a day! Update: 11/19/23: I used about 3cups of apples and it worked well. I didn’t have any sparkling cider on hand so I just used apple juice and it seemed fine. Still delicious. Awesome recipe! I also added more apples, 3 cups total and a dash more spices. Professional fritters! Good, but too many steps. Eliminate pre-cooking the apples by using a sweeter, less dense apple (McIntosh, Empire, Cortland, Macoun, etc) and dicing smaller. Granny Smiths are tart, but not as sweet. Also, dicing smaller helps distribute the apples more evenly in the batter. And "2 large apples" is quite vague. Dice them up and measure them. I used 2½ cups diced small of McIntosh, which was 3 medium-sized. I used peaches instead of apples, turned put deliciously 😋. I was going to buy some apples but had some peaches already in house. Recipe in a word WOW !! Great flavor! A measurement of cups or ounces on the apple quantity would be very helpful, as apples vary! Batter thickness is affected by this measurement.I added a teaspoon of Tahitian vanilla to both the batter and glaze. These were wonderful! Apple fritters are one of my hubby's favorites. I made this exactly as written, except I didn't have sparkling apple cider on hand (who does!!). Instead I used sparkling cherry flavored water that I had (The cherry flavor in the water is very faint and it wasn't noticable). I think, in a pinch, you could use Sprite/7-up or a carbonated water. Other than that one change everything else was as written. Delicious!! We thought these were delicious. I did NOT precook the apples. They were small enough pieces they cooked just fine. Yumm! Yum, just follow the recipe, serve warm with a vanilla custard sauce, add a little Calvados mmm, thanks chef John I made these for my dad's birthday because he loves apple fritters. They were really easy to make and quick to make and tasted DELICIOUS (even without the glaze, which I didn't add). My dad loved them, so thank you for the awesome recipe!! Loved the glaze!Also cooking the apples These are delicious. I followed the recipe exactly! We enjoyed them very much. But, how to store them to keep them crunchy? We are still enjoyed them without crunch! Thanks for sharing Made it for the first time today. Directions were easy to follow.  The pictures showed an ordinary pan to fry the fritters and that was my problem.  I couldn’t keep the oil consistent at 350 degrees. So I had fritters way over fried and dark. Others were way less fried and not done in the middle so had to put back in pot. I will try baking them in the oven next time. BTW there wasn’t enough icing for our taste so I doubled that part of the recipe. They did taste good though. I made them and now I'm back to do it again. You done did it again chef John! An amazing recipe that makes my family think I’m cheffy! lol I love these apple fritters and I think they are better than the donut shop! They have a gourmet texture to them which is light and fluffy and I love that! Thank you Chet John for amazing recipes always! Absolutely fabulous just the way they are!! Loved it added finely chopped pecans As usual, Chef John's recipe is spot on and delicious!  We really enjoyed making and eating these flavorful fritters. If you like these, you should try his Apple Fritter Pancakes---AMAZING!!! Been making great fritters greater than 50 years.  I never pre cook my apples.  Might as well as use applesauce instead.  Tried this recipe - NOT APPLE FRITTERS.  More like apple mush fritters.  He flattened them  WOW.
