Elsie's Baked Mac and Cheese
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/255688/elsies-baked-mac-and-cheese/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray the inside of a 1 1/2-quart casserole dish with non-stick cooking spray. Combine Cheddar and Colby Jack cheeses in a medium bowl and set aside. Cook macaroni in boiling salted water according to package directions; drain well and set aside. Meanwhile, melt butter in a medium saucepan over low heat. Blend in flour, stirring constantly, until smooth and bubbly. Gradually whisk in milk and half & half. Stir constantly, until mixture boils and thickens (about 2 to 3 minutes). Remove from heat and add cayenne and black peppers, and 2 cups of the reserved cheese mixture; stir until cheese is melted and sauce is smooth. Stir cooked macaroni into the sauce and season to taste. Place in the prepared casserole dish. Top with remaining 1/2 cup of cheese and dot with additional butter, if desired. Bake 25 to 30 minutes or until heated through and lightly browned.
Delicious basic recipe! Even my picky fiancé loved it. I added extra cheese as I do with everything - also added appx 1 tbsp of prepared mustard, 3/4 tsp garlic ( I love garlic) and 2 teaspoons of Worcestershire sauce to give the flavour a little added zip - it was an excellent addition. Also sprinkled breadcrumbs on top and broiled it at the end for about 3 mins to add a crispy crunchy top - it was a hit! This is one of the best I’ve had! I substituted the half-and-half for 2 ounces of Philadelphia cream cheese. Also added a tablespoon of Parmesan cheese before adding the noodles. Next time I will probably add 2 tablespoons. Then, instead of saving the extra cheese for the top I sprinkled parmesan instead and garnished with paprika. Fantastic! Cheesy Good!!! Easy & delicious!  Topped ours with french fried oinions, it was great! loved it. became a staple in my household. I often replace the half n half with heavy cream, but both do super well I tried many recipes, this one is one that I can make again or for company. I did add alittle extra to my seasonings as I always do. I didnt find this very flavorful. There was a cheddar flavor but that was it. My 4 yo daughter said she wasnt a fan. It was just a run of the mill bland mac n cheese. This is the perfect homemade baked Mac and Cheese recipe. It came out perfect..... I did add a little bit more milk. I browned a slice of bacon in the pan to add to the flavor before melting the butter and making the roux.  I chopped the bacon and sprinkled on top before baking and added panko bread crumbs. Very bland and dry - I tried adding more salt, pepper, etc. and more liquid to the base.  Won't make again. It also made a 2 quart dish - that's a lot for "4 servings"!
