Coconut Curry Butternut Squash Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/255725/coconut-curry-butternut-squash-soup/
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Place butternut squash in a baking dish, flesh side up. Brush 1 tablespoon melted butter over the flesh and top with 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, and cayenne pepper. Roast in the preheated oven until tender, about 1 hour. Remove squash from oven and cool for 15 minutes. Place a large stockpot over medium heat; add 1 tablespoon butter. Cook and stir onion in the melted butter for 2 minutes. Add curry powder; cook and stir for 1 minute. Stir in coconut milk; bring to a boil. Scoop flesh from the butternut squash and add to coconut milk mixture; mix in remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, vegetable stock, and 1/4 teaspoon nutmeg. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer until soup is heated through. Blend soup using an immersion blender on low speed. Simmer until soup is smooth and thickened, about 20 minutes more. Add more vegetable stock for a thinner consistency and season with salt. Ladle soup into bowls and top each with pumpkin seeds and a pinch of nutmeg.
YUM! I cooked the squash (I used Kabocha), the day before so putting it all together was a breeze. We don't like nutmeg so I sub cinnamon and turmeric instead YUM!!!! Used low fat coconut milk so not to naughty .thank you for this fabulous fall soup I have made this now three times and it is my winter favorite. I do make a little thickener with corn starch and a few tablespoons of the soup to thicken it up and it is great. I roast the Squash seeds for topping LOL. Thanks Mint and Mangos! Excellent soup. I made it with a medium sized honey nut squash and homemade chicken stock. My only thought was I might add some flour to the onions to make a roux next time to thicken it a bit. Excellent flavor! Made just as written. Worth the effort. Love it, so flavorful and creamy.  I didn’t have any pumpkin spice, cayenne or nutmeg, but I didn’t miss them.  The pepitas add a nice little crunch. I added a tbsp of minced garlic and used a masher on it since I don't have an immersion blender and I rather like the chunks. I love it …any with coconut 🥥…I’m in so this was PERFECT 👍🏽! Made as written and it is wonderful. Have made it twice. It also is very good for your digestive system. Bonus!!:) Too much work scraping the squash from peeling. Took a lot of time Very good soup. I did not have pumpkin spice, but had everything to make my own. I added fresh ginger and garlic also when sautéing' the onions. I did not have yellow curry either, so I used red along with I used chicken broth. I loved the flavor, but needed more squash flavor to me. Recipe only states "1 butternut squash" I wish it had better information, like a large or medium butternut or 6 cups. I only had 2 smaller size squashes, so this could be the problem. I know it is not the exact recipe, but I used what I had. This was a very good recipe. I will definitely make it again using the ingredients listed and maybe a large squash, if I can find one.I fried up some firm tofu and added it to the soup when I was going to eat it and it was a great addition.
