Pasta Fazool (Pasta e Fagioli)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/255823/pasta-fazool-pasta-e-fagioli/
Gather the ingredients. Heat oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir sausage in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to medium. Add diced celery and chopped onion. Cook until onions are translucent, 4 to 5 minutes. Add dry pasta; cook and stir for 2 minutes. Stir in tomato paste until evenly distributed, 2 to 3 minutes. Pour in 3 cups broth; increase heat to high and bring to a boil. Stir in red pepper flakes, oregano, salt, and pepper. Reduce heat to medium and let simmer, stirring often, for about 5 minutes. Add more broth if needed. Place chopped chard in a bowl. Cover with cold water and rinse leaves; any grit will fall to the bottom of the bowl. Transfer chard to a colander to drain briefly; add to soup. Cook and stir until leaves wilt, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in white beans; continue cooking and stirring until pasta is tender, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in grated cheese. Serve topped with additional grated cheese.
I have not had pasta fazool for ages, because it usually makes so much. This is perfect for a retired couple. I also added some crushed rosemary and boiled some ditalini noodles separately, a salad and some Italian bread. The Swiss Chard. if you can find it in your store, is a nice change from spinach. Thank You again Chef John. Delicious Delicious. Haven't made Pasta Fazool in years, have always loved it, & this is a keeper version. Loved the Swiss Chard - doesn't get as wilty as spinach. Also added some Italian kale & rosemary. Thank you! So good!! And super easy. I used escarole instead of chard and it was still fabulous. One of the favorite go to recipes I've found on allrecipes! Quick, easy and exceptionally good Like most Italian dishes, this one is more laborious than it appears. The method seemed complicated due to his desire to save dirty pots. Instead, I simplified: A) I cooked the macaroni separately in , rinsed in cold water to stop the cooking; B) Cooked the sausage separately so it was drained thoroughly for oil on lined paper sheets on a cookie sheet. C) Used the same sautee pan to cook celery/onion.  Mix/whisk tomato paste and chicken broth. D) Squeeze the water out of 1/2 of a standard package of frozen and defrosted spinach. E)) Dump all ingredients into broth. Caveat: My macaroni turned into mush after keeping it warm for 2 hours. Next time, I would throw them in at the end, just before serving. Finally, mild sausage is nearly sweet sausage. Changing it to Jennie-O mild Italian sausage would significantly reduce the fat and calories (888).  Tasted great, but I consider this lasagna level in laboriousness, making it a special occasion dinner in the future.
