Glazed Apple Cider Cake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/255957/glazed-apple-cider-cake/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a fluted tube pan (such as Bundt®) with cooking spray. Combine cake mix, 1 cup apple cider, eggs, butter, and vanilla pudding mix in a large bowl; mix until smooth. Pour batter into the tube pan. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 40 minutes. Stir confectioners' sugar and 3/4 cup apple cider together in a small bowl to make the glaze. Pour glaze over the cake and let soak into the cake and down the sides of the pan, about 30 minutes. Invert onto a plate and cool completely, about 30 minutes.
Excellent cake. Would be best with a spiced cider. I added 1tsp of cinnamon and 1/2 tsp of ground cloves to the cake batter and 1/2 tsp cinnamon and 1/4 tsp cloves to the glaze since my cider was plain. Heated the glaze before pouring half on the warm cake. After 10 min, I took the cake out of the pan and poured on the remaining glaze. (These were directions for a white wine cake I have made multiple times) Too much cider for glaze. Just add cider to sugar till desired consistency. Worst cake ever! Didn't come out of pan, was a soggy mess. Tasted terrible! Never again. Very moist and tasty.  Will keep making it.  So easy! Easy to make. Great cakeSkipper Made this as written and really liked it. Wish I could do Four and a half stars. Very moist but definitely  needs the glaze to give it enough flavor. Will make again but kick the flavor in the glaze up a notch ... A little nutmeg or cloves maybe This was an excellent cake. Everyone who tasted it, loved it. However, while it was good and moist, to me, it needed more apple flavor. I will try this again with with some changes. I added about 1.5 cups apples, put it in a cake pan, and only poured about 1/2 the liquid over top & it was plenty moist. I added apples and walnuts along with apple pie flavored sugar.   WOW!!! I chopped 2 apples and added them. I also added cinnamon. I sprayed the bundt pan with the baking spray that also has flour in it so it came out of the pan perfect! Great recipe!!
