Dijon Pork with Apples and Cabbage
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/256016/dijon-pork-with-apples-and-cabbage/
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Place 1 rack in center position and another 4 inches from broiler. Spray a rimmed sheet pan with cooking spray. Toss together cabbage and apples with 3 tablespoons oil, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper on prepared sheet pan and arrange in an even layer. Pat pork dry and season with remaining teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Whisk together remaining 2 tablespoons oil with mustard, vinegar, honey, and thyme in a small bowl. Spread over all sides of pork and set pork on top of cabbage and apples. Roast on center rack until an instant-read thermometer inserted into center of thickest part of each tenderloin registers 130 degrees F, about 25 minutes. Remove pan from oven and turn oven to broil. When broiler is hot, put pan on top rack and broil until pork has a golden-brown crust, thermometer registers 145 degrees F, and cabbage and apples have a light char, about 5 minutes. Cover pan loosely with foil and let pork rest 10 minutes before slicing. Serve pork warm with cabbage and apples, sprinkled with parsley (if using).
I am a husband/father and I actually made this dinner. It was super easy and a big hit with my family. My wife also appreciated a break from cooking Sunday dinner. I am pretty happy with myself. Needs mustard powder and garlic salt to add more zing to marinade.Took a little longer, tasty and easy Loosely used recipe. Seared giant tenderloin filets on both sides in Dutch oven added bag of Cole slaw, apples and sweet potato medallions (precooked 15 minutes at 375) 1/2 c water all other ingredients. Baked in Dutch oven at 325 for 25 minutes Completely delicious!!!  I just added some sliced onion to the veggies and used 1 TSP of balsamic vinegar for 1 TSP of white wine vinegar.  Can't wait for leftovers tonight! Very delicioso and easy. I added both tyme and rosemary and 1/2 a sliced onion. I also added some butter to the sauteed vegetables. Served it with horse-radish mashed potatoes with a dollop of sour cream, it was a hit! Well, I sort of made it.  A few days ago, I made an all recipes chicken recipe, but didn't have chicken so used pork chops.  It was so good that today I used Chicken in a pork recipe.  Apparently, the 'other white meat' works both ways.  A bit tricky to broil the chicken golden brown without too much charring of the cabbage.  Been making Kraft dinner and canned soup most of my life.  This is fun! Company loved it. Moist and tasty! I think next time I will add an additional vegetable Super easy to put together and very clean tasting. The pork took about 20 minutes longer to heat to temperature in my gas oven though. This was outstanding. I used red cabbage and pineapple instead of apples. Simple...but could be served to guest as it makes a beautiful presentation. Big hit. Had leftover cabbage from making the weight watchers garden soup, so thought I’d try it. Three out of three diners really enjoyed this dinner. Easy clean up too.
