Pork Osso Buco
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/256102/pork-osso-buco/
Season pork shank with salt and pepper. Heat olive oil and butter in a heavy pot over high heat. Sear pork shanks in hot butter-oil mixture until browned, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate and set aside. Cook and stir onion, celery, carrot, and salt in the same pot over medium heat until onion turns translucent. Add tomato paste; cook and stir until tomato starts to caramelize, about 2 minutes. Sprinkle in flour; stir for 2 minutes. Pour in wine, increase heat to medium-high, and simmer until sauce reduces slightly. Add bay leaf, thyme, rosemary, and cloves. Pour in chicken broth and bring to a simmer. Return pork shanks to the pot along with any accumulated juices on the plate. Cover and cook at a very low simmer until meat is fork tender, 3 to 3 1/2 hours. Serve pork shanks with plenty of sauce, garnished with parsley and lemon zest.
Absolutely delicious! I had the poor man's version, I made it with boneless pork loin chops. I substituted broth for the wine (only because I was out of wine). I adjusted the cooking time down as well. Classic, no-nonsense, works every time. A stunning dish for any festive occasion! Added tiny potatoes and garlic Really delicious. Could not find pork shanks so used St Louis style pork ribs. Will make again for sure. Excellent Soooo delicious!!! Definitely put on top of mashed potatoes My family loved this.  I used a pork butt roast, and roasted it whole instead of cutting it before hand.  After only 2.5 hours, it was fork-tender. A lot of fat did cook out of the meat and end up in the sauce.  If I had time I would chill the sauce so the fat could be removed, and reheat it.  Maybe a leaner cut of meat would help, but I'm afraid I would loose tenderness and flavor!  I served it with sauteed zucchini and fettuccine. The whole family loved this recipe!  Finished cooking it in the oven covered with foil! So tender and delicious I actually used pork neck because of these crazy times. The pickings were thin at the store. I normally make Tomato sauce with the pork neck but I wanted to try something different. It was delicious and will make  it again. Delicious!  I have been wanting to make Osso Buco for so long and being self-isolated decided it was time.  We raise meat pigs and I ended up using Smoked Pork Hocks. We removed the thick layer of fat around the hock before cooking.  It was awesome and will definitely be on the menu again.  I like the idea of using pork chops (loin and butt) too!
