Baked Fish Fillets
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/256349/baked-fish-fillets/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a baking pan with vegetable oil. Place mackerel fillets in the baking pan; season with salt and pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix butter, lemon juice, and paprika together in a bowl. Pour over mackerel fillets. otdash Meredith Food Studio otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until fish flakes easily with a fork, 20 to 25 minutes.
Love this as a good base because it allows for many different add-ons. I decided at the last minute to include a sprinkle of of all-purpose seasoning and tossed some leftover bread crumbs on top of each piece— omg!!! This was so delicious, easy and quick. I’ll definitely be making this again. Tasted great in the end!! Although I almost charred it... The fish came out perfectly cooked.  Used tilapia fillets.  The only reason I gave the recipe 4 out of 5 stars is because in order to add more flavor I added a teaspoon of Kinder's Buttery Steakhouse seasoning, and cooked the fish in foil.  Without the extra seasoning I think it would be too bland. I used this recipe on some lake trout filets. It turned out great! I did throw in some extra butter and extra lemon juice So simple and so flavoursome!! I did exactly as the recipe suggested. except the fish I had was a Red Sea Grouper fillet. The extra butter sauce went over some brown and wild rice - very nutty flavour. ... As a side.....I had sauteed shredded white cabbage with lemon, garlic and a diced red onion.  I loved the paprika and lemon butter sauce!! I used two salmon fillets. I took them out the fridge for about ten minutes before I put them in the oven. I drizzled some olive oil on one side and rubbed both filets together. I took  salt, pepper, paprika, no lemon and about a tablespoon of butter. I don't have a micro so didn't melt just whipped the seasonings into the butter and laid it in the top. Topped with parsley. I put a timer on 15 and ended up cooking em to about 22 mins when the white started reaching the top and the juices could be seen flowing a bit. Let it sit for a couple mins and enjoyed with honey mustard I didn't measure out anything since it was 2 pounds, but I used italian seasonings instead of paprika and it came out as a really delicious meal paired with haluski Easy as can be Most think fish is hard but don't over think it. Changing the recipe each time makes it fun and a surprise to the taste buds . it was so good Delicious!!! I made it with frozen flounder filets and concentrated lemon juice. It was perfectly done. I had to watch the time because the filets were thin. It took about 12 minutes. I will use this recipe again!!
