Instant Pot Chicken Miso Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/256345/chicken-and-veggie-miso-soup-instant-pot-version/
Pour grapeseed oil into an electric pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot). Add carrots, leeks, shiitake mushrooms, and onion; cook and stir on the Sauté setting until softened, about 5 minutes. Season chicken thighs with salt and pepper; add to the pot. Pour in chicken broth. Seal and cook on the Soup setting for 7 minutes. Release pressure naturally for 10 minutes according to the manufacturer's instructions. Cover the vent with a dishtowel and release remaining pressure with the quick-release method. Remove chicken thighs and shred with 2 forks on a cutting board; return to the pot and add miso paste, garlic, soy sauce, ginger, and Sriracha. Cook and stir on the Sauté setting until miso paste dissolves, about 5 minutes. Stir in cabbage and bok choy; cook until softened, about 5 minutes.
I made it on the stove top. I sautéed the veggies as noted in step 1 and then added everything else except the cabbage, bok choy and miso and cooked for about 45 minutes. Shredded the chicken and then Added the miso, bok choy and cabbage and cooked for about 5 minutes. I added the bok choy leaves after the soup was removed from the heat. Delicious. This soup is absolutely delicious and was my first-ever recipe made with an instant pot! Minor changes/notes: used canola oil, a red onion, slightly less than 2 lb chicken, used 1 tbsp of the squeeze bottle ginger, and less cabbage and bok choy.Next time, I don’t know that I would add the cabbage. Maybe just the recommended amount of bok choy.A note on the instant pot if anyone else is a novice like me! The pot needs at least 10 minutes - maybe more - to pressurize before it starts to cook. this was delicious will make again soon Updated Review 6/18/23; Review for 2021 below as well. As someone else mentioned in their review, I made an Account with AllRecipes just to add a review specifically for this recipe. I’m coming back 2 years later to let you know that this is still by far my favorite soup. I have my entire family & extended family in love with this soup. The mixture of Ginger, with the miso turns it into a very savory soup. A soup that you want to eat and drink the broth at the end. I was having some problems for a while with eating. I was borderline hypoglycemic and was probably becoming a diabetic. I was never hungry and cravings for salt and sweet junk food was ridiculous. I started trying to find something that would help me crave healthy food. I came across this soup and bc most of the ingredients was something I don’t usually make or eat, and was healthy I figured I would give it a try. Wow! I’m so glad I did! I will make a huge pot and half of it my husband and I will eat, the other half I will freeze so that I always have it readily. Since I was eating and on a regular basis, my unhealthy cravings slowly went away and I noticed that my food cravings started coming back after a while. I have never been a cook. My husband was the only one that would usually cook. I have now started cooking on a regular basis. Which my husband is so proud of me and always gets excited to see my new found love for cooking. Look I’m not saying that this one recipe changed my life. What I am saying is that if you find that one recipe that you enjoy cooking and love eating then it can make an impact on you if you allow it to. Because cooking with ginger, miso, bok Choy and leeks were all new to me, and bc I realized how good these Ingredients were, it made me want to span on my adventure into food. I wanted to search and find other ingredients out there that I’ve never tried. Maybe the problem wasn’t that I didn’t want to eat maybe it was bc I had become bored with food. Whatever it was, I do feel that it all started with this simple, delicious, savory soup. My kitchen is filled with unique spices. I always stock my kitchen with garlic, ginger and miso. When they say the kitchen is the heart of a home, I can finally say that I understand this phrase. I challenge everyone to find a recipe that challenges your pallet and make that recipe. What do you have to lose. If you don’t like the recipe, you don’t have to try it again but what if you do like it! What if you expand on that recipe and try others. What if trying new ingredients and recipes gives you a new found appreciation for good healthy food. What if you turn 40 years of age and finally realize that you really can cook and you like it! ….. What if….First Review 2021:  I literally keep coming back to this recipe! I’ll try others but this by far is my favorite. It’s so savory and healthy. My mom hates cabbage and bok choy and yet she continues to ask me to make this for her when she’s over. This is a truly delicious recipe! Exceptional. I made per the recipe but adapted for stovetop. The ginger, garlic, and miso are really heavenly. The shiitakes add a lot. I made an account to tell you how good this soup is. I make it over and over again. It's clean, delicious, comforting, healing... everything soup should be. I never even liked miso before I had this- I scale back on the miso paste and up the garlic and ginger. Very good soup.  Easy to make.  Looking forward to the leftovers! Did use 1 extra garlic, but we love garlic.This will be made again! Hands down this is one of THE BEST soups I’ve ever eaten!!!  I’ve made it numerous times and I stick pretty closely to the recipe.  Here are a few minor changes I make:  I use skin-on bone-in chicken thighs because it gives the soup soooo much flavor.  I put the chicken in a soup sock to keep it all together while it cooks in the Instant Pot.  When it’s done, I can easily pull out the soup sock and remove the skin and bones while I shred the chicken.  Although I love garlic, 8 cloves tastes too overpowering, so I’ve scaled back to 4 large cloves, which is perfect for our tastes.  The last time I made it I also cut back on the miso paste to about 1/4 cup.  With less garlic and miso paste, I can better taste the individual flavors of the delicious veggies in the soup.  And like in the video, I add chopped green onion and cilantro to our bowls right before serving.  This is a super-flavorful and heathy soup!  I joke with my husband that we will live forever if we keep it on regular rotation. It makes A LOT of soup, perfect for freezing for future meals. This was a sensational main course soup for a cold and rainy night. My whole family loved it, and it will definitely go into our regular meal rotation!  I served it with brown rice noodles for a comforting and easy-to-put-together meal after a long day.  As a tip to help move things along, I recommend heating the chicken broth to almost boiling before adding it to the instant pot, as it helps the pot to pressurize more quickly.  With cold stock, it can take a while to heat up. I doubled the soy sauce, threw in an extra pound of chicken, just because I had it on hand, and  added a tablespoon of fish sauce. Otherwise, I followed the recipe exactly...it’s a winner!
