Easy Banana Nut Pancakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/256539/easy-banana-nut-pancakes/
Mix together flour, walnuts, sugar, baking powder, nutmeg, cinnamon, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl; make a well in the center and set aside. Whisk together almond milk, bananas, melted butter, and vanilla in a separate bowl until smooth. Whisk in egg. Pour mixture into the well of flour mixture; stir until batter is just combined. Heat a lightly greased skillet over medium-high heat. Drop 1/4 cup batter into the hot skillet; tilt gently to spread batter evenly. Cook until bubbles form on top and the edges are firm, 3 to 4 minutes. Flip and cook until browned on the other side, 1 to 2 minutes more. Repeat with remaining batter.
12.26.16 Followed the recipe to the letter and wouldn’t change a thing. The batter consistency was absolutely spot on perfect for pancakes, and you get layer upon layer of banana nut bread flavors, nothing wrong with that! Ended up with 12 pancakes, so in this house that would be four servings. Well, maybe sometimes three (OK, or maybe even two, depending on who’s at the table). CoOkinGnUt thanks for sharing your recipe, it’s a keeper. I am happy to report these delicious pancakes make great Belgium waffles, too! I am well north of 60 and a pretty decent cook, but have never been able to get pancakes right. After flipping the darn things like a mad chef at IHOP for girls night in, I finally just brought out the waffle iron. So happy I did! Much easier...and prettier. Just as delicious! Takes a little longer to cook depending on the age of the ripe banana, the heat of your stove? I had to take my time so that it would cook thoroughly and not burn, But the outcome was amazing. One pancake was a big breakfast. I added sugar-free chocolate chips! Big hit! Love nuts,added more Made these for my family. This recipe was a hit, though I did add a bit extra sugar to it. Today will try adding peanut butter to it. This is really good recepie just add 1/3 cup more flour and I add 1 cup chocolate chips Wanted to try something new w/ over ripe bananas!This was a HUGE HIT!The pancakes turned out beautiful & absolutely delicious!!!Everybody wanted more! I love this recipe.  It is quick, easy and delicious.  It is also a winner with my family and friends. Easy to make and yummy! Made this pancake recipe this morning! I omitted the nutmeg and because the batter seemed a little more runny than I liked, I added about 1/8 c more flour and it was perfect. I suggest eyeballing your batter to make sure it’s the right consistency. I also used whole milk and cut the sugar down to 1 packed tablespoon of dark brown sugar. It was delicious! Like eating a cloud of banana nut pancake, it was so soft and fluffy. I make banana nut muffins and different types of pancakes all the time so for me 3 Tbsp of sugar was too much, when the most I use is 2 Tbsp with my buttermilk pancake recipe. I think the brown sugar gives this more flavor too, since that’s what I use for my muffins. Thank you for the recipe!!
