Stuffed Chicken Thighs with Roasted Potatoes and Carrots
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/256529/stuffed-chicken-thighs-with-roasted-potatoes-and-carrots/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a rimmed baking sheet with aluminum foil; grease with cooking spray. Spread chicken thighs open on a flat work surface. Pound to an even thickness with the flat side of a meat mallet. Season with salt and pepper. Beat egg with a fork in large bowl. Stir in 1/2 cup mozzarella cheese, onion, tomato, and black olives. Mix in enough bread crumbs to bind the filling together. Put a spoonful of the filling in the center of each chicken thigh. Fold chicken over filling, tucking in any loose ends. Secure chicken thighs with toothpicks; arrange on the prepared baking sheet. Sprinkle remaining 1/4 cup mozzarella cheese over chicken thighs. Arrange potatoes and carrots around chicken thighs. Drizzle olive oil over vegetables; season with salt and pepper. Bake in the preheated oven until chicken juices run clear and vegetables are tender, 35 to 40 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of the chicken should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
1.15.17 When I roast vegetables, I always cook at a temperature higher than 350ºF. What happened is that the chicken thighs cooked before the carrots. What I ended up with was overcooked chicken and undercooked carrots (and I do love roasted carrots!). What I would do in the future is cook the carrots at 400ºF for about ten minutes, then add the chicken thighs and the potatoes (which cooked fine at 350 in the recipe's timeframe). The one thing that I forgot to add was the Roma tomato, but I think next time, I’d just use sun dried tomatoes anyway for additional flavor. I stuffed the chicken breasts early in the day, wrapped in plastic wrap, and put in the fridge until dinner. Enjoyed, but I will approach this differently in the future. Robin5791 thanks for sharing. My family loved it! I added homemade sweet fish sauce to the stuffing which brought out more flavors. I also replaced olives for carrots for sweetness. I did not use cheese or tomatoes, afraid it be be too runny and caloric. I also seasoned the tops of the thighs with paprika, onion powder, chili powder, garlic powder, oregano, and further Italian style bread crumbs and olive oil for more flavor. Chef’s kiss! We found this to be on the bland side and needed a little more jazz for us.  Possibly swapping out the black olives for dried cranberries may have done the trick.  The veggies needed more time than the chicken so I would start them first and then add the chicken. It is delicious! I used dried cranberries instead of the black olives And added three cloves of minced garlic.? Blanched my carrots and little potatoes then marinated in a bit of seasoning I love called Chupacabra. Roasted them about 15 minutes at 350 before I added the chicken. I brushed the top of the chicken with a mixture of olive oil and pure maple syrup so that it would brown up. I had to put them under the broiler to get the browning, but roasted for about 35 minutes then rested them covered for about six minutes before serving??. I made my chicken the day ahead and wrapped in saran and they did hold together just fine without a toothpick. Brought them to almost room temperature before I put them in the roasting pan.? Lots of words to let you know this recipe is worth a try. I served it for company and they loved it.  ? Love this chicken. added minced garlic and used canned tomatoes with Italian seasoning. pre cooked veggies for 15 minutes then added chicken. rolled chicken in saran wrap and put in refrigerator a few hours ahead of time, no toothpicks needed. I read the reviews before making it. Here is what I changed. I put the potatoes and carrots in the oven first, while making the chicken. For the stuffing, I used a bit more cheese than the recipe called for. I also sautéed the onions and added garlic. I used the sun dried tomatoes instead of a fresh tomato. And I used Greek olives. The stuffing was great - between the garlic, olives and tomatoes- my boyfriend called it an explosion of flavor. It was great. I’m thinking about doing my Thanksgiving turkey stuffing using some of these same ingredients! Cook time was way off, and flavor was minimal as written for our tastes. I prepared the stuffing and filled the chicken, wrapped it snuggly in plastic wrap and stuck in the fridge till needed, no toothpicks needed for baking. I upped the seasoning to the stuffing mix as well as sautéing the onion, tomato and added garlic.  Followed suggestions by cooking the carrots and potatoes first, then added chicken....I did add chopped cauliflower to the mix for more variety.    (Season the vegetables how you like.) Turned out well enough, but much later than expected. May do again if I think about it. Next time I think I will add minced garlic to the stuffing. This recipe is good but not great. It is a lot of work for a regular tasting dinner.  No real stand out taste in the stuffing but the one pan dinner concept is good for a working mom.
