Creamy Slow Cooker Potato Cheese Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/25666/creamy-slow-cooker-potato-cheese-soup/
Melt butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Cook onion in butter until translucent. Stir in flour until smooth, then gradually stir in 2 cups water, carrots, celery, garlic, salt, and pepper. Heat through, then stir in milk. Dissolve chicken base in 1 cup warm water, and pour into vegetable mixture. Place potatoes in slow cooker, and pour heated vegetable mixture into potatoes. Place bay leaf in pot. Cover, and cook 5 hours on High, or 8 hours on Low. Remove bay leaf. Puree about 4 cups of the soup in a blender or food processor, and then stir pureed soup into contents of slow cooker. Stir in cheese and bacon until cheese is melted.
This is the second or third time I've made this soup now. Here's what I'm doing differently. I only use half of the recommended potatoes with all of the liquid plus an extra cup of milk. I skip the bacon (don't like bacon) and add lots and lots of extra cheese. You may add even more milk or chicken stock.Good flavour though! I read the reviews carefully before I ever started this. It is really good but it does need more liquid and the milk does need added in the end. Instead of blending a portion of the soup as directed, I cut 2 of my potatoes into very small cubes. Once the larger cubed potatoes were tender, the smaller ones broke up on their own with me just stirring the soup. No fuss and no extra dirty dishes. I ended up adding 2 additional cups of water to get it to the consistency I like. I prefer a thinner soup though so I recommend starting with only adding one extra cup and go from there. I served my bacon as a garnish due to personal preference. Overall good soup and fairly easy to make but it needs a couple of tweaks. Delicious and filling! So good Love this soup!  First tasted something like it at craft shows.  I used the submitted ingredients, and added a can of chicken breast.  Only substitution was half & half for a creamier texture and I diced my potatoes so no need to blend any.  I also cook it on the stove one day, and heat in my crockpot for serving the next.  To me, this is more of a chowder than soup.  Comfort food at it's best! Great... But not necessarily an easy recipe. came out great must try , w/ all thanks to my fiance I added more liquid, but it was still too thick.  As some others said, it was more like mashed potato soup.  Also it could have used more flavoring.  I will try another recipe next time. This is one of my go-to recipes for group dinners. Always appreciated, especially during cold weather. I keep the bacon separate so as not to offend the vegetarians, but it is on the side for those who want to add it to their individual portions. Made as noted. I had no problem with this soup being too thick. Absolutely loved this recipe! Would not change a thing.
