Coconut and Lemon Cream Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/256694/coconut-and-lemon-cream-pie/
Combine flour, coconut oil, 2 tablespoons sugar, and salt in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment; mix until mixture forms large crumbles. Pour in ice water in a steady stream and continue to mix until dough comes together, about 30 seconds. Transfer dough to a large sheet of plastic wrap. Form into a disc and wrap tightly. Chill for 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Press 3/4 of the dough into the bottom of a broiler-safe pie plate. Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, about 30 minutes. Let crust cool completely. Combine 2 cups sugar, coconut cream, eggs, egg yolks, lemon zest and juice, butter, and salt in a saucepan over medium-low heat. Cook, whisking constantly, until curd thickens and coats the back of a wooden spoon, 10 to 12 minutes. Pour into a bowl and refrigerate until set, 20 to 30 minutes. Beat egg whites, 1/2 cup sugar, salt, and cream of tartar in a glass, metal, or ceramic bowl until stiff, glossy peaks form, 6 to 7 minutes. Pour chilled curd into the cooled crust. Dollop big spoonfuls of meringue all over the curd. Set oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler. Broil in the preheated oven until meringue is lightly browned, about 2 minutes. Chill pie until set, 3 to 24 hours.
This was a flop.Filling tastes great but will not set .After reading reviews that the filling was very runny, I added 2 tablespoons each of cornstarch and flour but it is still too thin to use as a pie filling.I’ve made homemade lemon filling using other recipes and they turned out fine.I wouldn’t make this recipe again The curd was very runny and messy and the dough was very hard to cut, but the strong lemony taste was wonderful.  I used Meyer lemons which are somewhat strong but sweet.   I will make it again with a few adjustments before I give up on it. The curd filling did not set up thick enough to hold so it was a very messy dessert (even though I cooked the curd for about 15 mins to thicken) .  I thought this may happen so wrapped the base up the sides of the pie dish but it was still a very messy dessert. Even wrapping the base up the sides I found the crust much too thick and very hard to cut through.The curd filling was tasty but a little overpowering - however my lemons were very juicy ( I wish they would give measurements of juice not quantities as lemons vary).  I probably won’t be making this recipe again but if I did1: make the crust much thinner2: use only 1-2 tablespoons of lemon juice so it is not so overpowering and leaves a hint of coconut3: add some coarse ground toasted coconut to the crust Tastes really nice. Not too over the top and I like the little crunch with the meringue.
