Grandma's Hungarian Stuffed Cabbage, Slow Cooker Variation
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/256610/grandmas-hungarian-stuffed-cabbage-slow-cooker-variation/
Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Cook cabbage in boiling water until outer leaves pull away easily from the head, 3 to 5 minutes. Separate leaves and let cool. Reserve 1 1/2 cup cooking water. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat oil in a large skillet. Add onion and garlic; cook and stir until translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in wet rice; cook and stir until moisture evaporates, about 1 minute. Remove from heat and let cool, about 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix beef, sausage, and egg together in a large bowl. Stir in cooled rice mixture. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place a golfball-sized amount of the beef mixture on the ribbed end of a cabbage leaf; roll up, tucking in the sides. Repeat with remaining beef mixture and cabbage leaves. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place rolls seam-side down in a slow cooker. Cover with tomato juice. Pour reserved cooking water on top. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook on High for 30 minutes. Switch to Low and cook for 6 1/2 hours. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
Good old fashioned recipe which we usually baked in the oven. I was happily surprised how it came out in the crock pot. The only thing I did different was not use tomato juice. I mixed some canned tomato sauce with a carton of chicken broth. Next time, I will season it up a little more to suit our tastes, maybe use spicy italian sausage instead of mild, but as written, this is very good. We liked it! To the reviewer named punkin...the rice is wet because it was rinsed...not cooked. Also, I did not use the water from the cooked cabbage. I personally don't think it would add any significant flavor but if you need more liquid in the pot, it's right there. My Hungarian lady told me to put a lil Hungarian paparic ..and throw onion,leaves and cabbage leaves on top. My family loves stuffed cabbage, and I am anxious to try this Hungarian-style stuffed cabbage.  As one reviewer noted,  adding paprika would bring a more Hungarian flavor to this recipe.  Another excellent idea I learned from a reviewer is to freeze the cabbage, defrost & rinse it instead of boiling it. What a time and pot saver that would be!! Also, after reading all the reviews, I will add S&P, and oregano at least along with the paprika for added flavor. This was a keeper recipe.  It is just like my husband's grandmother made.  She  used only ground pork, not pork and beef.  I didn't have tomato juice so I used  a 15 oz. can of tomato and a 15 oz. can of water mixed to pour over the rolled cabbage.  Another hint is do not boil cabbage to soften leaves but put in freezer and then defrost, rinse, and then roll them.  That is so much easier and faster.  I put some leaves in bottom of pot before adding the rolled cabbage also.   Paprika was not listed in ingredients, but Hungarians always cook with paprika, so I added it also.  Family loved it. You don't need an egg in the mixture - cabbage leaves will hold the meat together and it will be a lot more delicate. Also - the dish is much better with pork only :) To be honest I didn’t make this recipe. Being raised in a Hungarian home my mom made stuffed cabbage all the time. True Hungarian stuffed cabbage has sauerkraut and tomato sauce. We use low fat ground beef mixed with white rice, and onion. I add some sour salt, shredded cabbage to create the  uprrow, a medium whole onion (just for flavor), 1 stuffed green pepper, a can of sourkraut , and a piece of smoked ham. Now, that's Hungarian- turte kopesta!!! Need to add 1 heaping tablespoon of sweet orspicy paprika to meat mixture. Also, 1 stick of smoked sausage slicedand salt.This gives it the true hungarian flavor!!
