Pressure Cooker Corned Beef 
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/256749/pressure-cooker-corned-beef-brisket/
Gather all ingredients. LLRECIPES / ANA CADEN Place brisket fat-side up on a rack inside an electric pressure cooker. Sprinkle garlic powder and onion powder over brisket; pour beer into the pot. LLRECIPES / ANA CADEN Close and lock the lid. Select "Meat" setting according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 1 hour 30 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. LLRECIPES / ANA CADEN Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, 10 to 40 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. LLRECIPES / ANA CADEN Transfer brisket to a cutting board; remove the top layer of fat and slice across the grain. LLRECIPES / ANA CADEN
Excellent, tender, eazy, and fast. Added cabbage,carrots, and potatoes at end of beef cook time. Cooked cabbage, potatoes, carrots in beef broth. Cooked in pressure cooker 10 minutes -- 7 minutes potatoes and carrots, 3 minutes cabbage. All came out excellent. Used spice packet. Any rescue for a brisket that was cooked for 70 minute in an unpressurized instant pot?  Can I  run it through the cycle again, or will that turn it into a dry piece of leather? This was so easy to make and the beef was so flavorful and tender! Even my picky toddler loved it. This was the best corned beef I have ever made. Used a dark malt beer. Will never change this way of cooking it. Great taste and cut like butter. Best ever. I used an stovetop PC, 50 min on high heat. I used the spice packet, used fresh garlic and onion, Next time I will omit the beer. I followed the recipe exactly and am super surprised at how good this turned out with so few ingredients. And my Instant Pot made it super easy and fast. Delicious 😋 I used Guiness Stout Beer in the can. I also added 1/4 C brown sugar and  6-7 whole peeled shallots. 90 minutes cooking and was better than any corned beef I've ever had. Best part is it didn't take 4 hours to cook. Plus, the roast didn't shrink nearly as much under pressure as it normally does with the old stovetop method. very good from start to finish, will make again soon maybe I'll try it without the beer. Love it!!! One of the best dinners I’ve had. Didn’t add the beer and used seasoning packet.
