Homemade Beef Stew
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/25678/beef-stew-vi/
Heat oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over medium-high heat; add beef and cook until well browned. Dissolve bouillon in 4 cups water and pour into the pot; stir in rosemary, parsley, and pepper. Bring to a boil; reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer for 1 hour. Stir in potatoes, carrots, celery, and onion. Dissolve cornstarch in 2 teaspoons of cold water; stir into stew. Cover and simmer until beef is tender, about 1 hour. umblepielivin
This stew is very good! I did make some changes based on the reviews: Here is what I did. in a bag I put 1/4 cup flour, teaspoon of garlic powder, onion powder. 1/2 teaspoon of pepper. Put the stew meat in, and shook it up baby! Then I cooked it up in my ( cast iron ) dutch oven and seared in those flavors. This really put some great flavor on that meat and the yummy bits stuck to the bottom of the cast iron pan easily came off during the deglazing with the liquids. I didn't cut back on any liquids..actually you will probably want to add more towards the middle-end of the cooking time. I used 1/2 cup of red wine during the deglazing with the other liquids. I thought it needed more vegetables since I made this recipe 2 weeks ago staying true to the recipe..but this time when I did it, I added an extra ( 1 more carrot, celery, potato ) I added 1/2 of an extra onion. I also took the advise of another reviewer and added 1 tblspn each of ketchup, A-1 sauce, and wistersire sauce that really gave it some full-bodied flavor...Wow!!Served it up to my family with some home made southern style buttermilk biscuits...mmm, mmm, good delicious!! As my Dad also said.."There ought to be a law against cooking this good!" I added rutabaga. Very simple and very good. I added a tblsp  Worcestershire sauce, catsup, and garlic I did not make any changes to this recipe. It was delicious and easy to make Spices like rosemary and parsley are way too strong for this. I do not recommend this recipe I just add a little gravy master  for the color. 👍
