Cheesy Sausage Lasagna Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/256875/cheesy-sausage-lasagna-soup/
Cook and stir sausage in a large pot until browned, about 5 minutes. Stir in onions, mushrooms, and garlic. Pour in chicken broth, tomato sauce, and diced tomatoes; bring soup to a boil. Stir pasta into the soup. Cook, stirring occasionally, until almost tender, about 10 minutes. Stir in spinach, mozzarella cheese, and Parmesan cheese. Remove from heat; stir in basil and let stand until pasta is tender, about 2 minutes more.
Yum! That's pretty much all I've got to say about that. Doesn't exactly taste like lasagna, more like a thicker minestrone - but it's delicious! I used farfalle, because I couldn't find the pasta called for - about 1 1/4 cup. And regular Italian Sausage, as its what I had on hand. This is a keeper!Oooh! I think adding some zucchini would be awesome too! AMAZING My store didn't carry mafalda pasta and I can't say I'd ever heard of it. The cook's notes state to use any pasta shape you like so broken up lasagna noodles it was. I really liked this soup. It didn't exactly taste like lasagna but it was good and I'd make it again. We all love this  soup.  I have made it a few times! Delicious! This is a keeper recipe for sure. I made a few minor changes. Used Lasagna noodles (broken up) and used fresh mozzarella cheese. I did also add Italian seasoning.  Very good!! Wonderful.  Easy to make.  I used mild Italian sausage as I had that on hand. Try with cheese tortellini! Great!! Loved this.  Had to use fettuccini because I couldn’t find the required noodles, and I did use a bulk spicy Italian sausage from the butcher.  I did not have seasoned diced tomatoes so I added Italian Seasoning from the spice jar.  This was fast, easy and the perfect thing to make if you’re in a rush.  This made a ton of food for just me, but I am guessing the leftovers will be amazing.  I’ll definitely make this again!! Really yummy!  My daughter is vegan so I changed the sausage to beyond beef and used vegan Parmesan and vegan mozzarella. I broke up lasagna noodles.
