Pumpkin Chili
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/25722/pumpkin-chili/
Cook beef in a large pot over medium heat until browned and crumbly, about 5 to 7 minutes; drain. Add onion and bell pepper; cook and stir for 5 minutes. Stir in beans, tomato juice, diced tomatoes, and pumpkin puree. Season with pumpkin pie spice, chili powder, and sugar. Simmer chili until thickened and flavors have blended, about 1 hour.
I used this recipe when I was throwing a chili cookoff at my house and I decided to compete in the "Most Interesting Ingredient" category. This was a wonderful recipe, but I did change it: I used a large can of pumpkin, I substituted black beans, I added approx. 1/4 cup chili powder and doubled the cumin and added approx. 1/4 cup sugar. I actually won my own chili competition with this recipe! It's wonderful! (but some of the best recipes are ones that you alter to fit your own style!) Made it for a work chili contest today. I liked the “pumpkin” idea for this fall kick-off. I was hesitant at first as it seemed like an odd combination. But it was pretty good! The chili was devoured and I won 2nd place!!  I made a few adjustments after reading reviews but it was good. I’ll make it again.I did 4 cups tomato juice1 cup pumpkin purée2 tbsp chili powder1 can of kidney beans AND 1 can of pinto beansAdded a little cuminYummy 😋 I add chipotle chili powder instead of regular.. adds depth to it! Sprinkle cheese on top and dip with chips. Yummmm! A new Christmas favorite.  I used ground turkey and simmered in a slow cooker much longer than 1 hour, giving as very smooth delicious flavor. I made it as suggested. Tried it then added more pumpkin, chili powder, pinto beans, cumin.  I still rate the recipe 5 stars cause it’s a great base. In the reviews I’m really surprised no one mentioned the nutrients and fiber the pumpkin adds. This is a really good recipe i actually make this and can it for future meals It's not chili (with only 1 Tbs of chili powder).  Great soup/stew but not chili.  Sorry. I would use 2 cups liquid chili (blended pods).  Leave out any & all tomatoes.  Use only ground beef or pork, garlic, some onions & some kidney beans  or pinto and definitely not canned. Salt to taste. And there you go New Mexico chile. This is the families go to chili! Mixed reviews at our house. Half that ought it was fun and the other half thought it was weird. I was part of the weird group. It’s like topping your pumpkin pie with chili. I don’t think it was the pumpkin. The pumpkin was fine. I think it was the pumpkin pie spice. Ginger, nutmeg, and cloves should not go in chili. We really enjoyed this chili, it was very flavorful without being too spicy.
