Lemon Pie with Rice Chex Crust
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/257362/lemon-pie-with-rice-chex-crust/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Stir cereal, sugar, and cinnamon together in a bowl; stir in melted butter until mixture is thoroughly moistened. Press mixture onto bottom and up sides of a 9-inch pie plate using a small, dry measuring cup. Bake in preheated oven until crust is browned and crisp, about 17 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool 15 minutes. Whisk whole eggs, yolks, lemon juice, butter, and sugar together in a heat-proof bowl set over a pan of simmering water. Whisk until egg mixture is as thick as honey, 5 to 8 minutes. Remove from heat and strain mixture through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl. Let cool 30 minutes. Beat heavy cream in a bowl with an electric mixer at medium speed until stiff peaks form; gently fold into lemon mixture. Spoon into pie crust and chill 1 hour. Sprinkle with lemon zest.
This review is just for the crust. I needed a gluten-free crust to use with a creamy lemonade pie that I frequently make. The crust was very tasty. Will definitely make again. This review is also just for the crust- we loved it! Had no problem sticking together, pressed firmly into pie tin. Great alternative to graham cracker crust, an I personally like it better! And with so many varieties of Chex mix- the possibilities are endless! Thank you for a great recipe! The crust was just crumbs after baking; it didn't hold together at all.  The filling was very good.  I don't even know how to modify the crust to improve it, so I probably won't make it again.  Maybe it would make a better flourless dessert to just make it as a pudding.After reading another review, I think the recipe wasn't clear about the measurement of the Rice Chex; 3 1/2 cups of crushed squares is very different from 3 1/2 cups of squares, crushed. This was a very tasty recipe.  The crust falls apart, however.  I think that I would add a little more butter next time.  The filling was delicious!! This review is just for the crust.  I needed a gluten-free crust to use with a creamy lemonade pie that I frequently make.  The crust was very tasty.  Will definitely make again. Contrary to All Recipe's misleading recommendation,  Jews cannot eat this for passover.  Rice Chex is not kosher for Passover by any kosher standards.  It's not just a matter of rice being kitniyot, which Sephardic Jews may eat.  The bigger issue preventing all Jews from eating rice chex during Passover is that it is processed and packaged where it could come into contact with non-kosher for Passover wheat products. This recipe, as printed in the magazine, differs slightly.  The magazine says 3-1/2 cups Rice Chex, finely crushed.  The recipe on the web site says 3-1/2 cups Chex "squares", finely crushed.  When I made it from the magazine, I wasn't sure which way to do it, so I used 3-1/2 cups of the crushed Chex.  Obviously way too much.  The magazine also says 3 lemons, juiced, or about 1/2 cup.  The web recipe says clearly, 1/2 cup of lemon juice.  You may or may not get 1/2 cup out of juice from 3 lemons, depending on the size of the lemons.  I made it in a 9" pie plate, as instructed, and I think next time I will use an 8", just so the filling crowns a little more.  The filling is wonderful, and I think this crust would make a fabulous sub for graham crackers for any pie, especially when baking for someone who has to be gluten free, as I was.   The ground Chex could have a lot of other uses as a sub for bread crumbs.  Kudos to SandyG
