Lemon Ricotta Pancakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/257657/lemon-ricotta-pancakes/
Whisk cold water and baking soda in a mixing bowl. Add ricotta cheese, egg, lemon zest, vegetable oil, sugar, and vanilla; whisk until smooth, breaking up lumps of cheese as you mix. Whisk in 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons self-rising flour, melted butter, and lemon juice until most of flour disappears into batter. Let batter sit at room temperature for 15 minutes. Heat a lightly oiled griddle over medium-high heat. Drop batter by large spoonfuls onto the hot griddle and cook until bubbles form and the edges are dry, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip and cook until browned on the other side, 2 to 3 minutes. Repeat with remaining batter.
I made it exactly as Chef John advised but I did add extra vanilla flavoring. I knew CJ would not steer me wrong, so I went ahead and doubled the recipe. It was fantastic and so light and fluffy and I love anything lemon. I even added some fresh blueberries in some of the pancakes and it was a great combination. It yielded 18 large pancakes. Had four for breakfast and froze the rest individually. They will be amazing thawed and zapped in the toaster for week day breakfast. Loved them even without any syrup. Thank you Chef John. It definitely took me more than 10 minutes to prepare but the results were worth the effort. My husband and I generally don’t order/eat pancakes, but this recipe is definitely going into the breakfast rotation. I used homemade strawberry/chipotle jam, instead of syrup, and it was a nice combination with the lemon flavor. I added blueberries. It’s a luscious recipe. Sometimes we have these as breakfast for dinner. Really delicious light lemon flavor. I served them with a blueberry sauce. I did follow the recommendations to use the zest of a whole lemon. These were great!  Very tender.  Didn't have lemons, so I added 1/8 tsp of lemon extract.  I think I could have bumped it up to 1/4 tsp, as they had only the barest hint of lemon.  Also, had to make my own self-raising flour (1c all-pupose, 1.5 tsp baking powder, 0.25 tsp salt).  Fried in some vegetable oil + a pat of butter to get the edges crispy.  Will definitely make again.  Thanks, Chef John!! Utterly scrumptious! I used the zest of one orange instead of the lemon zest and it was delicious; the batter smelled like a creamsicle. I doubled the recipe, and couldn't decide whether to use milk or water, so I used both. These pancakes were delicious.  Since I love anything with lemon, I was hoping for more lemon-y flavor. But overall, tastiest pancakes I've ever made. I love this recipe. With water or with milk. After making the initial recipe, recurring makes i have added extra zest, i have used have ricotta half creme fraiche. I have subbed all dairy with creme fraiche, one used buttermilk and creme fraiche, etc. My next experiment is to add basil or mint or both. As well as toying with some savory aspects. Good eating! This is the first Chef John recipe I have made that didn’t call for a pinch cayenne pepper thought about adding just because I  thought he left it out, (after all you are a slepper if you don’t use pepper) but I made them just like the recipe and once again Chef John came through, I served them to out of town guests and the thought the were the best pancake they had ever eaten.
