Easy Chorizo Street Tacos
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/257865/easy-chorizo-street-tacos/
Combine crumbled chorizo and chipotle peppers in adobo sauce in a bowl. Heat a skillet over medium-high heat; add chorizo mixture and cook until crisp, 5 to 7 minutes. Transfer to a plate, reserving grease in the skillet. Heat tortillas in reserved grease in the skillet over medium heat until warmed, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Stack 2 tortillas for each taco, then fill with chorizo, onion, and cilantro.
These were AMAZE. I devoured them within minutes of plating them... But of course, me being me, I added my own touches: 1) I made a nice slaw to go with, for added color (as my plates are not as colorful as the ones in the main picture for this recipe) and honestly it goes well with any taco or tostada recipe... red cabbage, sliced radishes, cilantro + juice of 1 lime & 1 tablespoon-ish brown sugar... usually I add siracha, 2 or so garlic cloves, cumin, coriander, etc to this slaw—but as the main dish was already anticipated to be pretty spicy, I stopped at the brown sugar. Serve on top of the tacos or on the side. 2) Lime-sour cream to top it all off. Again, this goes well with any taco recipe; simply take juice of 1 lime and add sour cream and fresh cracked pepper. Add as much as you want to get it to a consistency you like... this makes a really delightfully creamy appeal to counter the spiciness. the bees did not realize how spicy chipotle and adobo is. we added sour cream to offset it as well as cheese. also cooked the onions, the queen does not appreciate raw onions Very easy, and absolutely mind blowing! It is SO good!!! It's a great recipe! Love it Thanks. This was easy and quick to prepare. It was flavorful and spicy. So, I added, shredded cheese, lettuce, mango salsa and bbq ranch dressing and guacamole to cool it down. Amazing tacos our go to recipe. We add some shredded cheese and squeeze a lime slice over them and it’s perfection. Most excellent!   Love the flavor! Subbed the peppers in adobo sauce for straight up adobo sauce and they were definitely not too spicy Warning; this is fairly spicy! However, deliciously simple and easy and quick to make for those who can stand the kick. So convenient for an easy weeknight meal. Very little prep and cook time.
