Traditional Mexican Street Tacos
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/257988/traditional-mexican-street-tacos/
Place a paper towel on a microwave-safe plate and top with tortillas; heat in the microwave for 10 seconds. Place chicken in a microwave-safe bowl; heat in the microwave until heated through, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Layer chicken, cilantro, onion, and guacamole, in that order, onto each tortilla. Squeeze lime juice over each taco.
Nice use of leftovers--I used cilantro lime chicken from this site. I liked this taco with its toppings as a change from the traditional lettuce, tomato, shredded cheese, etc. that I usually use. I couldn’t believe how tasty this recipe was and yet so simple. I was really just looking for an easy dinner, but I saved this in my favorites because I will be making it many times. My family loved it. I made it just like the recipe but added a little seasoning to the chicken as I cooked it. I rinsed the onion after I chopped it for a milder flavor. I loved all the fresh crunch of the onions and cilantro together. Delicious! these were excellent! we don't like raw Onion so I left that off. but made according to recipe. very simple and tasty! thanks! Good basic base.  First time I made these was much better using highly flavored chicken taco meat..(chicken tenders cooked stove top with taco seasoning pack).  This time I used rotisserie chicken (in pic) and really had to pour on the lime juice and spicy pico de gallo.  I also just used avocado slices.  As a previous reviewer stated..you definitely should use seasoned meat! Nice use of leftovers--I used cilantro lime chicken from this site. I liked this taco with its toppings as a change from the traditional lettuce, tomato, shredded cheese, etc. that I usually use. Excellent idea of what to do with leftovers. Thank you for the recipe. I like carnitas in my street tacos but the chicken worked well. Will make again when I have left over chicken. The recipe submitter mentioned in the footnotes that steak or pork could be used instead and that is what I did. I had leftover steak and onions from another recipe so it worked out perfectly. This is a good recipe. Basic but good. The one important thing to know is that whichever meat you use it HAS to be seasoned first. If you just boil a chicken breast in water and chop it up to use for this you will be very disappointed. I prefer using grilled chicken or steak that has been marinated in Sazon  and Corona but any of your favorites will work.
