Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/257938/spicy-thai-basil-chicken-pad-krapow-gai/
Gather ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Whisk chicken broth, oyster sauce, soy sauce, fish sauce, white sugar, and brown sugar together in a bowl until well blended. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat large skillet over high heat. Drizzle in oil. Add chicken and stir fry until it loses its raw color, 2 to 3 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in shallots, garlic, and sliced chilies. Continue cooking on high heat until some of the juices start to caramelize in the bottom of the pan, about 2 or 3 more minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add about a tablespoon of the sauce mixture to the skillet; cook and stir until sauce begins to caramelize, about 1 minute. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour in the rest of the sauce. Cook and stir until sauce has deglazed the bottom of the pan. Continue to cook until sauce glazes onto the meat, 1 or 2 more minutes. Remove from heat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in basil. Cook and stir until basil is wilted, about 20 seconds. Serve with rice. Serve hot and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
This was delicious! My first time using fish and oyster sauce though... I think next time I make this I might reduce the fish and oyster sauce by half, but the rest of the recipe was spot on! I used serano peppers since I can't handle super hot and it worked out well for me but was still spicy enough for my heat loving husband. I will definitely be making this agian. We loved this dish! Amazing I was really surprised that I did not care for  this and neither did anyone else in my family, and all of us love Thai food. We thought it was  far too salty, in spite of having used low sodium soy sauce in the recipe. Maybe it was because I used canned chicken breast, but I’ve never had a problem using that product in other recipes. Other than using the canned chicken breast and low sodium soy sauce, I followed the recipe exactly. I did  use fresh Thai basil. Very good.  It needs a vegetable on the side or next time I will add water chestnuts, peas or something.  I made it so it would not be too hot but that was an error.  Great for end of summer when trying to use up the basil.  I would chop the basil a little smaller because it looked stringy on the plate. I’ve made it twice-/doubled the recipe the second time—still no leftovers. High heat is key to caramelize!!! I had my stove top at the highest setting.  The final product was that dark brown  color seen in   Chef John’s photo.  This was a hit!!! 1st review I’ve ever taken the trouble to review….Absolutely amazing. Put a little extra garlic and chicken broth and let it stew for an extra 20 Mins while the kids were going to bed. 100/10 would recommend. Add a little extra peppers bc I like it a little spicy. FULL DISCLOSER: I had 1 full chopped cup of FRESH basil from my mom’s garden. I’ve made this before, always to the recipe — regular basil, tho, which is fine. It’s always terrific.  Sometimes I toss in a fistful of peanuts, as my wife loves ‘em and they’re common Thai ingredient. Ya can’t miss with this recipe. Easy to make and fabulous flavor!! One of my favorite recipes on this site!!!!
