So Easy Black Magic Cake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/257979/so-easy-black-magic-cake/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9x13-inch baking pan. Combine sugar, flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl. Mix buttermilk, oil, coffee, eggs, and vanilla extract together in a bowl. Pour over sugar mixture in the large bowl; beat with an electric mixer on medium speed until batter is smooth and thin, about 2 minutes. Pour batter into the prepared baking pan. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 35 minutes.
I love this cake. I use buttermilk and decaf. It’s moist and tender. Made it twice and love this cake! It’s Awesome and tastes so good!😊 Yum!!! That’s the word around the office. I made this cake for a co-worker’s birthday and it was a huge hit!  It was so moist and the the flavor was outrageous.  I baked it in a Bundt pan and drizzled a vanilla glaze over the top and added colorful sprinkles for a festive look. I’ll definitely make this cake again and again! The best chocolate cake I’ve ever had.  However, one other reviewer pointed out a very important fact about baking with cocoa powder.  It’s very important to know whether or not your cocoa powder is “Dutch processed” or not.  It will say it in fine print somewhere on the container.  Dutch processed = processed with alkali (typically, sodium bicarbonate!) so if your recipe calls for both baking powder AND soda (like this one does) simply replace the 2 tsps of soda with  baking powder = 3 tsps for this recipe) and you’ll have no problems with how this cake rises or its texture/density.Also, I did not use an electric mixer to combine the ingredients as i was concerned with overworking the batter, overstimulating the glutens.  I mixed it by hand using a rubber spatula until everything was fully incorporated and smooth and poured it into a parchment paper lined 13 x 9 x2 “ pan.  35 - 40 mins later, it rose perfectly even, the texture was rich, yet had air and when it was cool enough slid right out onto a platter which  the parchment paper helped effortlessly facilitate.  GREAT CAKE!!!  My go-to decadent dessert! I love this cake. I use buttermilk and decaf. It’s moist and tender. I subbed four egg yolks for the two eggs because I wanted to use the whites for a marshmallow frosting. I really enjoyed the subtle mocha, which wasn't strong enough to bother coffee-hating relatives. My marshmallow idea actually turned out great because the cake wasn't over-sweet. I do think I'd use two 8" pans next time or put foil over my 9 x13, because the edges cooked faster than the center. Part of that is my glass pan, which is pretty but not ideal for cakes, but it seemed like the wet batter exacerbated the problem. I will definitely make this again. very similar to  the cake I used to make from the recipe on the Hershey's cocoa can The best and easiest chocolate cake I’ve ever made!! A great and moist cake!
