Peach and Tomato Caprese Salad
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258123/peach-and-tomato-caprese-salad/
Whisk together olive oil, balsamic vinegar, and 1 pinch flaked salt in a small bowl until dressing is smooth. Alternate tomato slices, peach slices, mozzarella slices, and basil leaves in layers on a serving platter. Drizzle dressing over salad and sprinkle remaining flaked salt on top.
Absolutely make it again. Changed slightly. I used a balsamic reduction. No oil. No salt. I stacked a large tomato slice, large fresh mozzarella slice, fresh basil leaf, a slice of peach, another basil leaf and a large toothpick through it all. Great presentation. The peach was perfect intaste. Drizzled balsamic reduction ove the stack just before serving. Looked more like the traditional caprese salad. I never review recipes, although I always read the reviews. I thought this sounded weird, with the peaches, but made it because of the reviews.  I made it exactly as written and wow! Absolutely delicious! I will want my caprese salad made like this from now on! Love this.  Was a little skeptical at first, but we had all the ingredients, so I tried it as written.  Fantastic.  This has become one of our go-to summer salads. I also add avocado and a few drops of tobasco, finish with a truffle glaze. Made it last night.  We couldn’t find any fresh basil so we substituted fresh spinach a smalll amount and it was a GREAT success even with the 10 and 16 year olds. I used yellow pear, sunburst orange and red grape small tomatoes. Small mozzarella balls, smoked flaked salt . made a large portion for a cookout. Also used the balsamic reduction I used a balsamic reduction for this wonderful salad on a bed of baby wild greens for a lunch entree for 3 of us.  It was wonderful! Nice! Dinner party favorite! Made it for ten guests. Added a bit of fig glaze. Smashing hot! Peach & Tomato Caprese Salad by Julie Hubert. Didn't layer. Serve same day for pretty. 8.7.20 ...  https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258123/peach-and-tomato-caprese-salad/ ... 'Didn't layer & no cheese, darn it; but still good & so pretty! It got good-tasting quickly & lost its beauty overnight. If making ahead, remove basil leaves & replace before serving.PEACH & TOMATO CAPRESE SALAD by Julie Hubert
