Pumpkin Spice Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/25831/pumpkin-spice-cookie/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease cookie sheets. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir together cake mix and pumpkin in a large bowl until well blended. otdash Meredith Food Studio Drop by rounded spoonfuls onto the prepared cookie sheets. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until centers are set, 18 to 20 minutes. Allow cookies to cool on the baking sheets for 5 minutes before transferring to a wire rack to cool completely. otdash Meredith Food Studio
After reading some of the other reviews, I added 1/2 tsp. pumpkin pie spice, 1 cup chopped walnuts and 1 cup chocolate chips. I used a size 40 cookie scoop and baked them for 15 minutes. These cookies have been a huge hit! One of my friends has tasted dozens of different types of cookies that I've made, and she told me she thought this was the best thing I've ever made! These are super delicious and super easy...a definate keeper! I was suspicious with how easy the instructions were but i gave it a try. I added chocolate chips and i had a hard time sharing them! I'm currently making more as i write this haha This is my favorite go to dessert recipe. I put white chocolate chunks and dried cranberries in them if I want to elevate them a little bit or use a homemade cream cheese frosting and make whoopie pies. So good. This is a well known recipe Weight Watchers members use to make low cal muffins. You can use any cake mix and a can of pumpkin for a "healthier" muffin, cookie. I have found I needed to add in more spice with the spice cake version. More cinnamon and nutmeg for sure. I also like adding chopped walnuts and golden raisins. The cookie recipe was great for autumn I loved having just two ingredients for this recipe since I am not a fan of dealing with large messes. My family and I loved this recipe. I also made a little too much after mixing in the pumpkin puree and the pumpkin spice cake mix. However, I also enjoyed mixing the ingredients since It smelled like pumpkin pie and I'm soon gonna make some more. I've made these and here are my refinements -- it's my take on EasyHermits  ---1 spice cake mix1 - 15 oz can pure pumpkin1 1/2 tsp cloves spice plus a "bit of pumpkin pie spice" or allspice1/4 c or so of raisins  HINT (if raisins are dried out - try soaking them in lukewarm water to  plump them up - i would drain off excesswater)Directionsmix cake mix and pumpkin thoroughlyadd spices and stir thoroughlyadd raisins - again stir throughly for good distributiondrop by rounded tablespoon -- UNDERSTAND that these cookieswill not flatten out much and therefore depending on how big and "high" your cookie is will definitely affect cooking time350 deg oven for 25 minutes - remove lower tray (middle rack) firstthen the upper tray - note size of your cookie especially the heightcan dramatically affect cooking time - you may want to experiment by baking on 6 cookies at a time until you find your zone - mine are large cookies... thus 25 minutes for mecool and enjoy ---  i store in enclosed container to retain moistness When I had the cake batter made and added the pumpkin, the batter was not thick enough for cookies. Now I added the nutmeg, that others  suggested, and several different versions of chocolate chips I had in my pantry and pecans. So I had the idea to make cupcakes! They turned out awesome!! I also made cream cheese icing. They reminded me of gingerbread.
