Beef Stroganoff for Instant Pot
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258468/beef-stroganoff-for-instant-pot/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as an Instant Pot) and select Sauté function. Heat oil for 1 minute. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add onion and 1/2 teaspoon salt to pot; cook and stir until onion begins to soften, 3 to 4 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Sprinkle beef with 1 teaspoon salt and the pepper. Add to the pot. Cook and stir until beef is evenly browned, about 2 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add garlic and thyme; cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour in soy sauce. Stir mushrooms into the pot. Stir in flour until incorporated. Stir in chicken broth and remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt. otdash Meredith Food Studio Close and lock the lid. Set to high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions for 10 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. otdash Meredith Food Studio Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method. otdash Meredith Food Studio Open pot; stir in egg noodles. Close and lock the lid. Set to high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions for 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Release pressure naturally for 5 minutes according to manufacturer's instruction. Release remaining pressure using the quick-release method. Open pressure cooker; stir in sour cream. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
As y'all will do, I made some slight changes. I used an entire box of beef stock (4 cups) and baby portabellas (they were on sale); Omitted the salt, went heavy on the pepper, garlic and added roughly 2 tbsp Worcestershire sauce on HP for 30 mins. And heck yeah I used 1/2 the sour cream in favor of full fat cream cheese: We're EATIN here! Served with some nuked string beans on Styrofoam plates with buttered wonder bread. I made this for dinner tonight, and it was a big hit. It tasted delicious!! The only thing I think I might change in the future is to add a bit more sour cream. This one is definitely a keeper!! Thank you!!! I used some of the changes from a review (RNESHEM on 6/24/21) and added a few of my own.  I sauteed a whole chopped onion instead of a half, and threw the garlic (4 or 5 minced cloves) in for less than a minute at the end (no salt due to husband's dietary needs), then removed both and seared the meat.  Added back the onion/garlic, way more mushrooms than called for, about 3 3/4 cups of BEEF broth, a tsp. of thyme, the soy sauce plus two tbsp. of worcestshire, and no flour at this stage.  I pressure cooked for 15 minutes with a quick release, and added the egg noodles - but I only had a half bag (around 9 oz.).  They easily submerged in that amount of liquid, and it still made plenty for the meal and leftovers.  I pressure cooked the noodle addition for another 7 minutes and a 4 - 5 minute natural release.  Noodles were perfectly cooked.  I added almost the full amount of sour cream (a heaping half cup) and half a brick of cream cheese.  I used around 4 tbsp of corn starch in a bit of water to thicken the liquid once all was done and used the saute function briefly to heat it/thicken.  I also currently have a lot of parsley growing in my deck flower boxes, so I chopped up a good handfull to sprinkle on and mix in after all was cooked - it kept the nice bright green that way.  Excellent meal! I like getting fancy and using chanterelles with this recipe.  This has been an absolute go-to for a great easy dinner.  As we all do, make it your own but it's a great base recipe Absolutely delicious!  A few minor tweaks, but overall I stayed true to the nature of the dish.  I used beef broth instead of chicken, cream of mushroom soup instead of fresh mushrooms, and I had neither an onion nor soy sauce on-hand, so I simply omitted both.  I can honestly say as good as this turned out, I can’t imagine what the onion or soy sauce could’ve added to the flavor. Seconds all ‘round, please. Adding and cooking noodles added to their flavor. Very uncomplicated prep time. I used a whole onion. Meat was melt-in-your-mouth tender. I used flank and sliced crossed grained. Used Beef Broth and then added a small can of cream of mushroom to intensify the creaminess of the texture. Using the InstaPot, I actually used Saute to brown the meat/garlic/onions and then the 'soup' option to get it boiling faster. Once I added the noodles, I covered for about 5-10 minutes until the noodles were softer than al dente. The fam loved it! Thank you! I use dairy free sour cream, add a splash of Worcester The only change I made was to add more broth- wasn’t enough to cook noodles all the way through. Next time I’ll just use 12oz bag instead.
