Hasenpfeffer (Rabbit Stew)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/25843/hasenpfeffer-rabbit-stew/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place bacon in a large skillet; cook and stir over medium-high heat until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Use a slotted spoon to transfer bacon to a paper towel-lined plate; set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Sprinkle rabbit with salt and coat with flour, shaking off excess. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook rabbit in bacon fat in the skillet over medium heat until browned. Transfer rabbit to a plate and set aside. Drain excess grease, leaving 2 tablespoons fat in the skillet. otdash Meredith Food Studio Sauté shallots and garlic in fat in the skillet until tender, about 4 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add wine, water, and bouillon. Bring to a boil, then stir in jelly, peppercorns, bay leaf, and rosemary. otdash Meredith Food Studio Return rabbit and bacon to the skillet. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to low. Cover and let simmer until rabbit is tender, about 1 1/2 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove bay leaf and discard. Place rabbit on a warm platter; cover to keep warm while preparing gravy. otdash Meredith Food Studio Make gravy: Stir lemon juice into cooking liquid in the skillet. Mix together water and flour in a small bowl; stir mixture into the skillet over low heat and simmer until thickened. Stir in thyme. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour gravy over rabbit or serve in a gravy boat on the side. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Spectacular! This is a forgiving recipe. I didn't have shallots or currant jelly so I used 1/3 cup diced onion and some red raspberry jam instead. It was still absolutely wondeful. We like to have an elegant meal at home on New Year's, with all the kids here. We will definitely use this recipe this year.We raise our own meat rabbits and I used one we'd butchered too late yet it came out totally tender. I think this would be a good recipe for wild rabbit as well, because toughness will not be an issue with this recipe. I think cooking in the Bacon grease is nice but would NOT add the bacon back into the recipe….too over-powering, I want to taste the sweet chicken-like rabbit! We absolutely loved this dish!!I'm a garlic lover so, of course, I added more like 8 cloves of garlic and also had to substitute in lingonberry jelly, but beyond that, had all necessary ingredients.  Amazing flavor in the melt-in-your-mouth rabbit but the gravy was incredible! Fantastic,I'm going to try every rabbit fich you have,thanks I didn't have the bacon or the jelly but still made a tasty recipe. My rabbit was already cut into smaller pieces and I put it in my instant pot on the meat/stew button. I used two cubes of beef bouillon. The rabbit was tender and the gravy was very flavorful. Made this,  and it tastes so good.  Rabbits were sourced from my homestead. Currant jelly sourced from local farm stand (but next year I'll make my own because I discovered a thicket of currant bushes on our property). The picture I added is from before I made the gravy. One of the best stews I have made in awhile.  Had fig jam instead of currant jelly. I also had to “bulk up” my recipe (I had a couple of unexpected guest) so I added baked , cubed white pumpkin. That did not disappoint! Agree that this is a forgiving recipe.  The base is fantastic. Very tasty!  I will make this again!  My picky husband loved it. I didn't have any jelly but my homemade jalapeno jelly which I used. I also doubled the liquid and simmered in the oven  at 260* for 3.5 hours as I didn't have a large enough skillet. It turned out so tender and absolutely delicious! Thanks for the recipe! I make this recipe about once per year - toward the end of rabbit season here in Missouri. My kids and husband (all avid hunters) rave when I make this! I always use whatever dry red wine I have on hand, I never have shallots - always sub for onion, and I'm GF so I use GF flour for the browning/gravy. The stew is the star but the GF spaetzle that I make to accompany it comes in at an almost too close to call 2nd place.
