Sheet Pan Shrimp Fajitas
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258572/sheet-pan-shrimp-fajitas/
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Mix fajita seasoning and olive oil together in a large bowl. Add shrimp; toss to coat. Lay out seasoned shrimp in a single layer on a baking sheet. Add bell peppers, red onion, and jalapeño; mix with shrimp and spread out evenly. Roast in the preheated oven until shrimp are opaque, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer shrimp to a serving plate. Broil pepper mixture until lightly blackened, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to the serving plate with shrimp.
I was apprehensive that I could cook shrimp in 10 minutes on a sheet pan and it turn out well, but I was amazed at how EASY this was to do - not to mention delicious!! After eating out so often lately because of long hours at work, I was craving a home-cooked meal but didn't have the energy for too much prep or clean up. This satisfied all my needs AND I got to relax and enjoy a glass of wine while it was doing the brunt of the "cooking" - no active babysitting of the stovetop necessary. Talk about a winning weeknight meal. ;) I added the onions to the pan first and roasted them for 10 minutes before adding the shrimp and peppers.   I served with low carb whole wheat wraps with a dollop of  fat free Greek yogurt and salsa. The directions of the printed version do not match the video! I think that the video should be removed. This recipe works as written, IMO, but it works even better if you add fresh garlic to it! Try adding 1 tsp of fresh, very finely diced garlic to the peppers before you broil them, and add another tiny sprinkle of cayenne too. Have a very cold beer on tap and ready to serve. Happy cooking! I don't think I put Enough seasoning In. it was a bit bland  But over all very good. The pic isn't the best I didn't fancy it up with garnish And such Really delicious and easy- made my own fajita seasoning and split it up on sliced chicken, shrimp and frozen pepper and onion mix- brown rice and tortillas rounded up the meal.☺️ I make this all the time when in a pinch for dinner.....  quick, fast, and easy.   I at times replace the shrimp with cut up chicken breast and equally delicious. This was great! My family enjoyed it. I added jalapeño sausage and sliced jalapeños at the end. BTW, I added Tequila Lime seasoning at the end with a bit of Chipotle Chili seasoning from Whole Foods. Was very tasty! I will make it again. This recipe was SO good! I used the fajita shrimp for tostadas. To save time I used 1 Tbsp pre-mix taco seasoning but I have made it as written too. Both are fantastic. Served it with an avocado cream sauce! Love it!! I really enjoyed these sheet pan fajitas , the shrimp took about 6 minutes in my convection oven. the veggies took about 5 minutes longer. I mixed everything together then put the shrimp on one side and the veggies on the other, once i removed the shrimp i moved the veggies over to the shrimp side and mixed them to grab some of the leftover shrimp flavor on the pan. I will make these again. watch your shrimp they cook quickly if you arent attentive they will be overcooked and rubbery.
