Sautéed Shrimp with Spinach
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258578/sauteed-shrimp-with-spinach/
Place spinach in a large bowl; sprinkle with garlic powder and toss to coat. Place shrimp in a second large bowl; sprinkle with black pepper and toss to coat. Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add shrimp; cook and stir in hot oil until bright pink on the outside and the meat is opaque, about 5 minutes. Add spinach; cook and stir until just wilted, about 1 minute.
This turned out pretty good. Sprinkling the garlic powder over the spinach doesn't do any good. It doesn't stick to it. I say add it to the shrimp instead. This was super simple and was okay but I think it could have used a little more flavor. If I were to make this again I'd use butter instead of oil and I'd also give it a big squeeze of lemon in the end. Very easy when you don't feel like cooking, I'm in the kitchen now tossing it all together, thanks alots. Very good made it as written I added diced tomatoes to the rice then did the spinach and shrimp will make again Everyone hates a critic that alters the recipe as posted, so I'll say I made this dish per the instructions the first time. Needed to be kicked-up a notch, so the next time I made it I sauteed FRESH garlic (3 cloves, chopped fine), added some red pepper flakes, then the shrimp and lastly the spinach. So 3.5 stars for the first time, 5 stars with the slightly altered recipe. I halved the pepper because it was too much as it was and doubled the amount of spinach, and I’d say it was pretty perfect that way! Easy peezy and delicious! I have been cooking this for years with different variations.   I agree with nana the dish needs a bit more umph and a cup and a half of spinach would cook down to 1/4 cup of spinach.But overall a very nice recipe. Good recipe, but unless you are using tiny salad shrimp a cup and a half of spinach will yield almost nothing after cooking. I used an entire large bag of spinach with large shrimp Recipe is easy but I  altered it. I added half of a small sliced onion and three tablespoons of minced garlic. I seasoned shrimp with paprika and cajun season. I sautéed with olivevoil and two table spoons butter. I sprinkled the spinach once it was in the skillet with garlic powder. Once done I added a few drops of lemon juice to the skillet.
