Skinny Chocolate Mocha Shake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258695/skinny-chocolate-mocha-shake/
Place cold brew concentrate in ice cube tray(s); place in freezer until frozen solid, 2 to 4 hours. Dissolve hot cocoa mix in hot water. Place coffee cubes in a blender. Add cocoa mixture, soy milk, chocolate syrup, and sweetener. Blend until icy and frothy, 1 or 2 minutes.
In my original recipe I stated any nut milk or animal milk could be substituted. I have used different milks and the flavor does not change. It still remains chocolatey and frothy with a coffee mocha taste. It was delectable.!!!!?????? This was really tasty. I added the chocolate syrup to the glass as suggested by Buckwheat Queen. I liked that the drink was low calorie and didn't feel one bit guilty drinking it. I used skim milk because I am allergic to soy.  I don't know if it makes a difference, but I did let the cocoa cool down before I made the drink. Cherries and some low calorie Cool Whip didn't hurt either!  A great drink on a hot day! Thanks, Yoly for sharing your recipe! ***This reviewer is an Allrecipes Allstar. Allstars are loyal community members selected to be brand ambassadors based on onsite participation, interest, and commitment. Allstars may be compensated for the participation in the Allrecipes Allstar Program.*** Oh my goodness this was absolutely decadent without all the guilt!!!  I used almond milk with vanilla and it was perfect!  I loved this recipe!!!  I did cheat a little bit and served it with a chocolate cookie straw!  This reviewer is an Allrecipes Allstar. Allstars are loyal community members selected to be brand ambassadors based on onsite participation, interest, and commitment. Allstars may be compensated for the participation in the Allrecipes Allstar Program. Loved it!  I used regular milk and a sweetened hot chocolate mix, so I eliminated the sweetener. It was creamy, frothy, mocha-y and delicious! (Don't tell anyone - but this is my breakfast today - shhh!) This reviewer is an Allrecipes Allstar. Allstars are loyal community members selected to be brand ambassadors based on onsite participation, interest, and commitment. Allstars may be compensated for the participation in the Allrecipes Allstar Program. 7.12.17 I’m all in favor of saving a few calories whenever I can.  I used vanilla almond milk,  my choice of a sugar substitute is always Truvia®, and this recipe was calling my name.  Not only do I love the nutritional breakdown, the thing I liked the most about this drink is that the coffee and chocolate flavors share equally, without one dominating the other.  Creamy mocha-coffee flavor and with a little dollop of whipped cream, it’s almost like dessert.  Very, very nice and refreshing.  This reviewer is an Allrecipes Allstar. Allstars are loyal community members selected to be brand ambassadors based on onsite participation, interest, and commitment. Allstars may be compensated for the participation in the Allrecipes Allstar Program. Loved it, wouldn't change a thing! Loved it indeed! This is thick, rich and creamy like a milkshake. Certainly less caloric, but you'd never know when tasting it. Instead of adding the chocolate syrup to the shake, I swirled it around the glass making designs on the glass before filling them. It made lovely desserts on a hot afternoon.  Thank you for the recipe. In my original recipe I stated any nut milk or animal milk could be substituted. I have used different milks and the flavor does not change. It still remains chocolatey and frothy with a coffee mocha taste.
