Iced Horchata Coffee
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258690/iced-horchata-coffee/
Combine rice, water, and almonds in a blender. Blend the mixture until well combined, about 2 minutes. The mixture will be coarse. Strain mixture through a fine sieve or cheesecloth into a pitcher; discard solids. Stir in cold brew concentrate and blue agave. Serve over ice. Garnish with cinnamon sticks.
To the Canadian that object to regional ingredients. This is a Gevalia branded recipe. I didn't know agave nectar was regional but maybe it is. Here in the States Gevalia can be found in the coffee aisle of the grocery store and agave nectar is with the sugar.For substitutions any cold coffee concentrate shouldl work (as long as it's not a flavored coffee such a hazelnut). This might not be considered authentic but to me agave nectar tastes like sugar water so perhaps simple syrup or just plain sugar. It seems a little petty to make down a recipe because one can't find the ingredients.I see British recipes that have regional ingredients I've never heard of . I just google substitutions. This is very simple and delicious! I didn’t have almonds so I blended the rice with water and almond milk and it tasted great. I plan to make this again and again. In El Salvador  they use Morro seed and rice... but I made a couple of changes to the recipe... I brewed my on Decaf Coffee...  and used a brown rice and whole almonds, and a bit of ground cinnamon to blend with the filtered water (hand blender on highest setting). To strain mine I pressed it through a regular mess strainer, and put the solids aside (I had 1/2 of solids to discard of the 1 cup of rice and 1/2 cup of almonds)  My Friend from El Salvador said that the El Salvadorian version has a bit more grit than the Mexican... so this seemed to work well.  And he approved of the drink.  so I expect It must be pretty good. To the Canadian that object to regional ingredients. This is a Gevalia branded recipe. I didn't know agave nectar was regional but maybe it is. Here in the States Gevalia can be found in the coffee aisle of the grocery store and agave nectar is with the sugar.For substitutions any cold coffee concentrate shouldl work (as long as it's not a flavored coffee such a hazelnut). This might not be considered authentic but to me agave nectar tastes like sugar water so perhaps simple syrup or just plain sugar. It seems a little petty to make down a recipe because one can't find the ingredients.I see British recipes that have regional ingredients I've never heard of . I just google substitutions. Horchata meets coffee - a match made in heaven! I made the recipe exactly as written and it turned out wonderfully. I blended everything in my Ninja blender for 2 minutes. I then lined a fine-mesh strainer with 2 layers of cheesecloth. The liquid came out nice and smooth. I don't normally sweeten my coffee, but the small amount of agave was the perfect touch. If you normally enjoy your drinks sweetened, then you might want to add more. Thanks for the great recipe! -- This reviewer is an Allrecipes Allstar. Allstars are loyal community members selected to be brand ambassadors based on onsite participation, interest, and commitment. Allstars may be compensated for the participation in the Allrecipes Allstar Program. I love horchata, and the addition of almonds and coffee in this was a nice change. I blended the rice/water/almonds in my Vitamix, and after straining, it was a tad bit gritty. I think letting it sit for a few hours, like when making regular horchata, might help. Tasty though! This reviewer is an Allrecipes Allstar. Allstars are loyal community members selected to be brand ambassadors based on onsite participation, interest, and commitment. Allstars may be compensated for the participation in the Allrecipes Allstar Program.
