Frozen Caramel Coffee
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258691/frozen-caramel-coffee/
Place cold brew concentrate, milk, 2 tablespoons caramel ice cream syrup, and sugar in blender; blend until mixed, 5 to 10 seconds. Add ice cubes and blend well, about 5 seconds. Pour into a glass. Serve topped with whipped topping and a drizzle of caramel syrup.
7.1.17 This was delicious, and I even used 1% milk (what I had on hand) and sub’d Truvia® for the sugar. Totally refreshing, totally easy, and totally AWESOME! This could become addictive. This reviewer is an Allrecipes Allstar. Allstars are loyal community members selected to be brand ambassadors based on onsite participation, interest, and commitment. Allstars may be compensated for the participation in the Allrecipes Allstar Program. I followed the recipe exactly and it turned out into an iced coffee not blended like the other pics i have seen. It was not a good recipe at all.. not flavorful either it was so good it tastes just like the one that dunkin donuts has Used sugar free caramel sauce and name brand cold brew coffee from the grocery store and made darn near close sugar free version of any sugary drive thru caramel macchiato! Tastes just like Starbucks, except better because I skip the sugar as I don't like it so sweet. THIS IS REALLY GOOD, REFRESHING AND EASY TO MAKE Yummy!  I did leave out the sugar as I don't drink overly sweetened coffee.  Great recipe to make in my Magic Bullet. I used “caramel in a can” (sweetened condensed milk cooked in a water bath in my crockpot) and homemade cold-brewed coffee. Coffee flavor was subtle, and I discovered some of the caramel left in the bottom of my blender, so will dissolve it in a bit of warmed milk next time. Not as thick as pictured - will use a few more ice cubes in future. (Note: for a change-up for someone who needed to cut out some caffeine, I made this, substituting salted caramel tea prepared just beforehand - she loved it!) I liked this. It has a great ratio of ingredients. I left out the sugar just because I don't like my coffee drinks too sweet. Also, I used coconut milk, and that worked great. So good! I used 1% milk (what I keep on hand) and subbed 2 tsp of coconut sugar for the white sugar. This was so refreshing on this 90* day. Thanks, Paula for a great recipe!**This reviewer is an Allrecipes Allstar. Allstars are loyal community members selected to be brand ambassadors based on onsite participation, interest, and commitment. Allstars may be compensated for the participation in the Allrecipes Allstar Program.**
