Vanilla Blueberry Blended Coffee
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258687/vanilla-blueberry-blended-coffee/
Place cold brew concentrate, milk, blueberries, and sugar in a blender and blend until smooth, about 20 seconds. Pour into a glass.
7.2.17 I used fresh blueberries, so I did add a bit of crushed ice to compensate for them not being frozen. The berries were so sweet that I didn’t need the sugar, and I had a bit of vanilla almond milk in the fridge, so I used that instead of whole milk. Who knew that blueberries and coffee would partner so well?? Very nice and refreshing drink enjoyed on a lazy Sunday afternoon. This Allstar has been compensated for participation in the Allrecipes Allstar Program. Like all the other reviewers, I had my doubts about coffee and blueberries. But for some crazy reason, it works. I did have to add more sweetener, but that was easy enough to do. Just not a fan of fruit in my coffee.  Now, blueberry pie WITH my coffee is another story! Or even berries in yogurt. I enjoyed this drink. The blueberries were more prevalent than the coffee.  I will try it again and decrease the blueberries to 1/4 cup so I can get more of the coffee flavor. This Allstar has been compensated for participation in the Allrecipes Allstar Program. Yum.. drinking this right now. Made this per recipe  and then again using chocolate syrup as the sweetener.. Both ways.. wonderful. This Allstar has been compensated for participation in the Allrecipes Allstar Program. Love it & gonna make this weekend for the girlfriend I had my doubts . . . I mean, blueberries & coffee . . . really? Don't ask me how - but this works! I'm truly amazed. I topped it with some whipped cream and a few frozen blueberries. Yum! This Allstar has been compensated for participation in the Allrecipes Allstar Program. This is a fabulous and refreshing pick me up! I was hesitant about the coffee and blueberries together but it's an amazing combination. Such a fun drink for the summer. This Allstar has been compensated for participation in the Allrecipes Allstar Program. Love love love it...This is an easy to make and quite delicious! This Allstar has been compensated for participation in the Allrecipes Allstar Program. 7.2.17  I used fresh blueberries, so I did add a bit of crushed ice to compensate for them not being frozen.  The berries were so sweet that I didn’t need the sugar, and I had a bit of vanilla almond milk in the fridge, so I used that instead of whole milk.  Who knew that blueberries and coffee would partner so well??  Very nice and refreshing drink enjoyed on a lazy Sunday afternoon.  This Allstar has been compensated for participation in the Allrecipes Allstar Program.
