Coconut Cardamom Iced Coffee
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258688/coconut-cardamom-iced-coffee/
Place coconut flakes and and pinch of cardamom in a small pan over medium heat. Stir constantly until lightly browned, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from heat. Place cold brew concentrate, 1/8 teaspoon cardamom, coconut milk, coconut extract, and sweetener in a blender. Blend until thoroughly mixed, 5 or 6 seconds. Fill 3 large glasses halfway with ice. Divide coffee mixture among glasses; top with shredded coconut.
I am the recipe creator and would like to point out that while I prefer this drink unsweetened, "1 tsp sugar" is a suggested amount. Feel free to adjust to your personal tastes. Coconut sugar, honey and maple syrup are all tasty additions too. Enjoy! :) This was a delightful full flavored yummy treat! The cardamom reminded me of Swedish cinnamon rolls that our neighbor used to bring over for us, that was her secret ingredient. Thank you so much for the recipe. Now this was an afternoon Delight and a good pick me up. I loved the flavors of the cardamom and coconut with the Gevalia cold brew. My husband has asked for this several times since I made the first one. I did add a bit more Cardamom as we prefer it that way. Delicious!This Allstar has been compensated for participation in the Allrecipes Allstar Program. Loved this.. the cardamom and coconut smelled so good toasting on the stove... couldn't wait to try it. I like sweet coffee so I added some agave... yum. This Allstar has been compensated for participation in the Allrecipes Allstar Program. I really liked this recipe. It was fast and easy to make.  I think it needed more of a coffee flavor and I didn't really get the cardamom taste that I was hoping for.  Perhaps next time, I will adjust those 2 ingredients accordingly.  Thanks for this recipe.  I will be sure to try this one again :-)This Allstar has been compensated for participation in the Allrecipes Allstar Program. This is a delicious coffee recipe! I used 3 packets of Splenda for the sweetener, which worked perfectly for my taste.This Allstar has been compensated for participation in the Allrecipes Allstar Program. Yummy!  I like a little more coffee flavor, so I would adjust the coffee to coconut milk ratio next time. I did add a little agave to sweeten it just a bit.  Nice summery drink!This Allstar has been compensated for participation in the Allrecipes Allstar Program. This is awesome! I used coconut sugar instead of sweetener but will leave it out next time. The cardamom coconut is a winner. Thank you for the recipe.This Allstar has been compensated for participation in the Allrecipes Allstar Program. I am the recipe creator and would like to point out that while  I prefer this drink unsweetened, "1 tsp sugar" is a suggested amount. Feel free to adjust to your personal tastes.   Coconut sugar, honey and maple syrup are all tasty additions too. Enjoy! :)
