Daddy's Shrimp Toast
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/25870/daddys-shrimp-toast/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Make the shrimp paste: Mix shrimp, onion, water chestnuts, celery, and green onion together in a mixing bowl. Stir in crabmeat, egg, parsley, sesame oil, garlic, soy sauce, salt, and pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio otdash Meredith Food Studio Make the dipping sauce: Whisk soy sauce, parsley, water, sesame oil, sugar, and garlic powder together in a small bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Make the toast: Heat 1/2 inch oil in a large, heavy skillet over medium heat. Spread each slice bread with a thick layer of shrimp paste, pressing gently so it sticks to bread. otdash Meredith Food Studio Working in batches, fry bread, paste-side down, in hot oil until golden and shrimp is pink, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip carefully and cook until bread is golden brown, about 1 minute. Drain on paper towels. otdash Meredith Food Studio otdash Meredith Food Studio Slice shrimp toasts diagonally and serve with dipping sauce. otdash Meredith Food Studio
This was very popular at our playoff party. I only made a few changes, lightly toasted the bread before adding the shrimp so that it won't get soggy, didn't used the yellow onion, but increased the green onions and baked the toast for 5-7 minutes in a 350 degree oven instead of frying to cut down the fat. Add some red peper flakes for a little bit of heat. Easy to make and Very tasty. 😋I made a few substitutions as I try to keep things healthy. I swapped out the white sugar for Organic Wildflower Honey. For frying I used Coconut oil which comes in refined and unrefined. Unrefined coconut oil  has a coconut aroma and very mild flavor of coconut. Refined coconut oil has NO flavor and NO Coconut aroma. I used the unfined for this recipe. I added fresh chopped Basil from my Basil plant & fresh chopped Organo from my oragano plant. I also left out the crab meat, only because of the prices nowadays, so I just added some additional shrimp to make sure I had the same volume of the mix. I also used low sodium soy sauce.Other than that, I made no other changes.•This is going to be a dangerous and often made recipe for me. LOL.😂 This is such a good recipe. I love it. Looks great, but I haven’t tried it yet because I have a question:Is the Shrimp Mixture placed only between one slice of bread, then fried on both sides?OrThe mixture sandwiched between two slices of bread, then fried?Thanks, My tweaks:Texas toast bread, used -cooked shrimp, no yellow onion--a lot more scallions. 3 anchovy fillets, 1-2 T  ginger, no cilantro ( I don't like,) more soy sauce (I only use Tamari,) more garlic, 2-3 T paprika. Pureed the mix. Found I had to add another egg (2 total,) and use a spatula to gently press down on the plain side tops while frying the pate-side and for considerably longer--if not, the pate would fall off during the flip. Mine wound up a darker color but weren't overcooked at all.The fresh REAL crabmeat was a $tretch, but I didn't want to compromise. To cook the crabmeat, I sauteed in 1 T butter.I actually made the pate the night before and stored covered in the fridge. Didn't get around to the cooking part, so one hour wound up being 24 hours and it didn't hurt a thing.IMO, the sauce recipe seemed more like watered-down soy sauce. To the water, I added some chicken bouillon. I wound up about double the volume, too.My sauce ingredients were more or less intuitively-measured: sesame oil, Tamari, between 1 and 2 T sugar,  one hefty T ginger, garlic, 2 T fresh lemon juice, around 3-4 T chopped parsley, coarse black pepper, 2 T Worcestershire sauce (--yes, and it was perfect!), 3-4 scallions and slightly under  1/4 cup of mayo.  Made a good, sweet dipping sauce with enhanced substance and more worthy of such deliciously tasty triangles. Hope you Great recipe!  The only thing is that, I only put in green onions, trimmed the crust off the bread and used two eggs. Too many unneeded ingredients. I made a batch of this mixture 3 days ago and have eaten them twice a day ever since :> Now im going to have to mix some more up LOL. I didnt have the water chestnuts or celery so i used more green onion and they were AWSOME anyway! I highly recommend theese. The toast looks like it has some kind of breading on it. What is that? I haven't tried the recipe yet so can't give a rating. I've never made this with crab... but I did happen to have some King Crab knuckles in my freezer, so I tried it.  I am at a loss to understand why people baked this rather than quick deep-fried it, because deep-frying made such a difference in flavor.  To bake shrimp toast isn't really shrimp toast at all.  And eliminating all the essential fatty acids in one's diet isn't good for the body, especially the brain and nervous system.  And people are still using margarine for the sake of "less fat" when it is the equivalent of plastic?  It hasn't lengthened anyone's life in my profession, just made it more miserable.
