Instant Pot Frozen Salmon
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/259216/instant-pot-frozen-salmon/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour cold water and lemon juice into a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot). Place a steamer rack inside; coat with cooking spray. Place frozen salmon fillets, skin-side down, on the prepared rack. Cover and close the vent. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook on the Steam setting until fish flakes easily with a fork, 3 to 4 minutes. Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. otdash Meredith Food Studio Check salmon for desired doneness. Season with salt and pepper. Cover the pot to keep salmon warm until serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio
If you are looking for a quick and simple way to make salmon, this is it. If you are looking for fancy with lots of flavor, this probably isn't your best choice. I love my Instant Pot and use it all the time. I love that I can put frozen salmon in, pressure it for 5 minutes and it's perfect. I seasoned mine with just salt and pepper, but sprinkled it on before cooking. I served the salmon with tarter sauce, seasoned green beans and short grained brown rice---easy peasy! I enjoyed the salmon. Very flaky and flavourfulIt was so easy to do. I paired it with couscous and lima beans. I used already seasoned frozen salmon from BJs. Served with ready rice. Used the suggestion in the comments to use 3/4 cup water & 1/4 cup lemon juice. Used steam setting on high pressure for 4 minutes. Natural release for 2 minutes This was a great recipe. I tried it tonight and the salmon came out perfectly. I think the thickness of the fish filets is key to this recipe. my filets were red snapper and about 1" thick. I was very disappointed with this recipe. The fish was still frozen in the middle and had little to no flavor. I put a little extra fresh lemon juice in with the water and seasoned with a generous helping of onion powder, salt, and white pepper. So easy and moist!   Love it! only had one filet but it turned out delicious!! Well, this recipe turned out perfect. I put cauliflower in the bottom of the pot and added a rack on top of that. I put the salmon skin side down on the rack and I poured 1/2 cup of water over the salmon then added salt, pepper, and lots of dill. I cooked for 9 minutes and let it set for 2 more minutes before using quick release. The salmon had a perfect texture (not steamed, not raw) and it looked very appetizing. The cauliflower was overcooked so I mashed it, salt and peppered and buttered it and it was good. I've tried for 1/2 hour to submit my beautiful photo but it claims my photo is too big, soooo.... Salmon was cooked very nice. I might add a little more seasoning to the water the next time I make it. Was pleasantly surprised. Very quick and easy weeknight meal when you forgot to defrost meat. I'm not big on frozen fish but this makes it good. Very tender. I do add Old Bay on the filets before cooking.  Now I always keep some frozen salmon in the freezer.
