Instant Pot Mushroom Risotto
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/259455/instant-pot-mushroom-risotto/
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot) and select Sauté function. Add butter and olive oil; stir until butter melts, about 2 minutes. Add mushrooms; cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly softened, about 3 minutes. Stir in onion; cook for 2 minutes. Add rosemary sprig; cook for 1 minute. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir rice into the pot until each grain is coated with butter and olive oil mixture, about 2 minutes. Pour in wine; simmer for 3 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour in stock, stirring to scrape the sides of the pot. Simmer for 1 minute. otdash Meredith Food Studio Close and lock the lid. Turn the venting knob to sealing. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 6 minutes. It will take time for pressure to build. Tap venting knob a few times with a wooden spoon or spatula. Stand back; turn knob to point at vent. Remove lid when pressure is released, about 5 minutes. Stir risotto until creamy, about 1 minute. Discard rosemary sprig. Season with salt and pepper. Stir in Parmesan cheese until melted and combined. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
Press Manual, set for 6 minutes. Do not press Timer as the instructions state. If someone would rewrite this recipe and leave out the confusing high pressure for 10-15 minutes, that would be lovely. It’s 6 minutes at high pressure, which is what the Manual setting does by default. It will take 10-15 minutes for all this to happen. :-) This was fantastic. Quick and easy but tell no one!  I even used the pre sliced white mushrooms from the grocery store. Will definitely make again. I halved recipe exactly for two people..perfect amount, perfect consistency. Thanks! For those who are confused: A quart of chicken broth IS 4 cups.It is Not 6 cups! Works even if you don't follow directions exactly. Substituted 5 cloves garlic since I am allergic to onions. Used a combination of fresh and dehydrated mushrooms. Yum! I had never made risotto before, but wanted to try it. Made this recipe exactly per the instructions and it came out beautifully. Will make this and other risottos in the instant pot again. This was easy.  I followed most of the directions. Used long grain rice and closer to 4 cups of mushrooms.  But very creamy and good! This is a great recipe! I make it all the time.I used to think that rizzotto would be difficult to make, but this recipe has turned out every single time I've made it! I made this as is and it was delicious!  My Instatpot actually has a risotto setting.  I used that and it came out great!  My husband and I loved it! I definitely will make it again.
