Homemade Phyllo (or Filo) Dough
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/259481/homemade-phyllo-or-filo-dough/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place 2 cups flour in a mixing bowl and make a well in the center; drizzle in olive oil and add salt. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour in warm water and white wine vinegar, then mix until dough just comes together and pulls away from the sides of the bowl, 1 to 2 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Transfer dough to a lightly floured work surface and knead until smooth, using just enough flour to keep it from sticking to the work surface or your hands, 2 or 3 minutes. Continue to knead until dough is supple and elastic, about 5 more minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Wrap dough ball in plastic wrap and let rest at room temperature, 1 to 2 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio Use a kitchen scale to divide dough into twenty 25-gram portions; roll each portion into a ball. Place on a plate and cover with plastic wrap to prevent dough balls from drying out while you begin to roll them out. Work in batches of 5. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix cornstarch and 2 tablespoons flour together in a bowl. Dust a work surface and the first dough ball with cornstarch mixture. otdash Meredith Food Studio Flatten and roll out into a circle, about 5 inches in diameter. Dust again with cornstarch mixture. Set circle to one side. Roll out 4 more dough balls to about the same diameter and stack them on the first one, dusting each layer with more cornstarch mixture to keep them from sticking together. otdash Meredith Food Studio When you have 5 circles, roll out the stack to a larger circle about double in size, turning as you go to maintain a round shape. Separate each layer and lay out the circles. Reapply more cornstarch mixture where needed and restack them. otdash Meredith Food Studio Roll again until the 5-layer stack is paper-thin, about 10 to 12 inches in diameter. Place on a sheet of parchment paper; top with another piece of parchment. Gently roll up the dough; wrap it in plastic wrap and refrigerate. otdash Meredith Food Studio Repeat with the remaining 15 balls of dough in batches of 5. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I can’t thank you enough, Chef. My first time making homemade phyllo, and it was perfect. I picked up a package of store-bought phyllo and it was full of undesirable ingredients; I feel much better using this recipe. I couldn’t believe that the circles didn’t stick to each other while rolling them out together. Thanks for giving me the confidence to do something that I’ve been putting off for years. Thank you Thank you!!! I'm half Armenian and my grandma made baklava from scratch growing up. She passed when I was 10  (now 51) and she didn't have any of her recipes written down. It was on my bucket list to make/recreate her baklava, but only if I could also make the phyllo. I've made the phyllo recipe 3 times now. I used your baklava recipe as a starting point for the finished product, but with the help of my mom's memory we made as close to my grandma's as we could. Thank you for helping me preserve those precious memories. I'm making again to take on a big family trip this weekend. It is so special for me to be able to share this with my family. This recipe turned out so well, the dough was so supple and not sticky, thanks Chef John, I'll definately make this again First time making it and it was great! Don't think I will go back to store bought again. Iam a self taught baker. I have been searching for a phyllo dough. I am so grateful that Chef John shared his recipe. Thank you Thank you Super easy to follow but my dough stuck together so gonna try it again EXCELLENT recipe! After all the years of trying this is the one, a real keeper! Thank you! Easy to make, fun to make, and is great phyllo dough!
