Briam (Greek Baked Zucchini and Potatoes)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/259870/briam-greek-baked-zucchini-and-potatoes/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Spread potatoes, zucchini, and red onions in an extra-large baking dish (9x13-inch or larger, or 2 baking dishes). otdash Meredith Food Studio Cover with puréed tomatoes, olive oil, and parsley; season liberally with sea salt and pepper. Toss until vegetables are evenly coated. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven for 1 hour. Stir gently, then continue baking until vegetables are tender and moisture has evaporated, about 30 minutes more. dd up to 1/4 cup of water if the vegetables are too dry after the first hour of baking. Don't add too much liquid, however, as there should be no water left at the end of baking Cool briam slightly before serving or serve at room temperature.
For all of us that have to mess with it..... DON'T!!! It took all of my will power to not add a little of this or that. Namely garlic. This is hands down phenomenal made just as directed. Greek Hubs said I was granted a lifetime visa to Athens for this dish. Do go ahead and make a huge batch! It's even more delightful the next day Delicious! Made it just as written except added 2 large cloves of garlic when I puréed the tomatoes in the Vitamix (with salt and pepper). Surprised at the folks that didn’t think it had a lot of flavor. I am guessing that they didn’t season it to taste with salt and pepper.This makes a huge, completely full 9x13 (even slightly heaping) pan - so easily 2.5x the size of a normal side dish. So you do need to season accordingly for such a huge batch.I probably used 2-2.5 t. of Celtic sea salt (which is not anywhere near as salty as iodized salt) and approximately 3/4 t. of pepper. We had enough for dinner tonight and tomorrow night and are freezing three more dinners worth for an easy weeknight side.Next time I will cut the recipe in half.  Will definitely put this in our rotation. I did not care for this and could not eat it. This food combination did not work for me. Might try making it into a vegetable soup since I hate to throw it away. Terrific recipe - you can add all sorts - particularly herbs - I've just made a Briam with basil mint, greek oregano, parsley, purple basil and fresh chives as we have those growing in the garden.  Because it's summer I've added some of the beans and aubergines that we're growing as well. I didn't have 6 tomatoes so I opened a can of crushed. The parsleywas left off. This is a very good recipe. Changes like adding differentveggies/onions are an option. Cooking at 400f for the indicated time is essential to bring out all the flavors.  ENJOY The Parsley is listed as optional.  As I didn't have it on hand, I left it out. I used plenty of salt and pepper.  Without the parsley, It was a solid 3.  I had plenty left over, and added fresh basil on the reheat.  That took it to a solid 5.   So I rated it a 4.  It *needs* the herbal note, if you don't have/like parsley, use another Mediterranean herb you do have/like. Don't make it optional. This was an awful recipe. It had no flavour except the overwhelming taste of tomatoes. The only good thing about it was that is smelled great while it was baking. I had to trash it... it was that bad. Sorry. Just being honest. I'm not sure how I could have saved it. I find it hard to believe the other reviewers' positive reviews. I used 14 oz. of crushed tomatoes everything else the same. I did it in my convection oven which cut the total time down to 45 mins to begin than for another 20 mins to finish. I brought it to my Bible study group and they loved it. One just asked me for the recipe. Great for Daniel fast. I added garlic powder and a can ofRotell but it was quite good. Will make again. The placed smelled delicious from the aroma. Still smelt some in morning & wished we'd left some for then. We didn't have any fresh parsley but used dry equivalent, but I think fresh would be best since you couldn't taste it. As for tomatoes hubs used petites tomato from can & juice. Worked ok but may dry just dicing a few tomatoes next time. This was so good & having to soak & scrap even after spraying pan was worth it. Will make again for sure. My problem is it takes to long to bake & I wa hungry.
