Ghirardelli Classic Chocolate Chip Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/259991/ghirardelli-grand-chocolate-chip-cookies/
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Stir flour, baking soda, and salt together in a bowl. Combine butter and both sugars in a large mixing bowl; beat with an electric mixer at medium speed until creamy and light in color. Beat in eggs, one at a time, until combined. Add vanilla and mix on low speed until incorporated. Gradually blend flour mixture into butter mixture. Stir in chocolate chips and walnuts. Drop by tablespoonfuls onto ungreased cookie sheets. Bake in the preheated oven until cookies are golden brown, 9 to 11 minutes, switching racks halfway through. Remove from the oven and transfer to wire racks to cool.
Delicious! Everyone thought they were the best Chocolate Chip Cookies~ I left out the nuts~ These are absolutely delicious and my family favorite cookie. I also use this recipe to make a cookie cake for birthdays. I love this recipe! Although I do add my personal touch of 1/2 cup oatmeal and 1/2 cup caramel bits and 1/2 cup of nuts and I use a mix of chocolate chips- dark, milk, and semi-sweet. So good! I really had high hopes for this recipe. I’ve wanted to use Ghirardelli’s choc chip in cookies for awhile now. Followed the entire recipe to  the letter. Even chilled the dough(normally I don’t). Also, pulled them out of the oven at 9 minutes and the center wasn’t cooked but the entire cookie was dark brown almost burnt. Could not tell if it was choc chip cookie. However, my husband still ate a couple. He said they didn’t taste burnt but he just ate the outside and not the center because it was clearly not finished cooking. 🤷‍♀️ I thought the cookies were soft and good but they weren't as sweet as I thought they should taste. Maybe because I used light brown sugar instead of dark. Easy to follow but weren't the absolute best cookies I've had. 7 out of 10. Delicious This recipe is AMAZING! I love how Ghirardelli chocolate chips melt in these cookies, and when you bite into these cookies you get to taste the warm melted chocolate in every bite. So DELICIOUS! I did change one thing tho, I used 1/2 cup of sugar and 1 cup of brown sugar (I try to use brown sugar more than regular sugar, personal choice). They turned out sooooo good! Thank you for the recipe! The recipe was simple, delish & easy to make. Was a favorite with my family. Will make again. TY so much
