Instant Pot Chicken Cacciatore
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260109/instant-pot-chicken-cacciatore/
Gather the ingredients. Rinse chicken thighs and pat dry with paper towels. Heat oil in the pot of an electric pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot) on Sauté mode; add chicken. Cook until browned, about 6 minutes per side. Transfer chicken to a plate, reserving drippings in the pot. Place mushrooms, celery, and onion in the pot; cook and stir until soft, about 5 minutes. Add garlic; cook until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Place chicken back in the pot; add tomatoes and tomato paste. Sprinkle with herbes de Provence. Top with water and bouillon. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Cook for 11 minutes. Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid carefully, turning it away from you. Test chicken for doneness; an instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Season to taste with red pepper flakes and black pepper.
I used boneless, skinless chicken breasts because that is what my wife prefers, and that requires some changes to the recipe, but not such that it becomes unrecognizable from the original. I cut the chicken breasts in half and did not brown them. Chicken breasts tend to dry out fairly quickly. I then cooked them for 6 minutes instead of 11. They were perfectly cooked.I added an extra pound of mushrooms, an extra tbsp of tomato paste, and used better than bouillon instead of bouillon cubes. If you go the better than bouillon route you will need to add salt. Bouillon cubes are salty by themselves. Finally, after it was cooked I removed the chicken, turned the instant pot to sauté, reduced the sauce and added some corn starch to thicken it even more. I then shredded the chicken into large chunks and returned it to the sauce for about 2 minutes.Except for the added mushrooms and tomato paste I did little to change the taste, and I have to say it was and is wonderful. It is great the first time you eat it and better the second and third time. A great recipe. Thank you. This dish tastes so delicious! However, it doesn’t taste like chicken cacciatore to me - it has a more French flavor to it. I found that I couldn’t get the broth reduced, I could try with tomato sauce rather than or in addition to tomatoes…? I tried sautéing for awhile after it was finished but couldn’t reduce it. Still, it was good over rice which soaked up the broth nicely. It was really yummy. My daughter and father in law and myself really enjoyed it, but my husband and son said it wasn’t their favorite. If I make it again, it will be fore myself, and I likely will since I think it tastes very good. The herbs give it a really nice flavor. And the chicken came out so tender. I added Kalamata olives and diced orange bell pepper based on other recipes and a whole onion. I also used 6 skinless chicken thighs. It was delish! Dry good recipe.  I add more stewed tomatoes and capers. I’ve “made” this recipe three times now and EACH time I immediately get a burn warning.  I make sure there’s nothing stuck to the bottom before I put the lid on but each and every time I have to just throw it into a pan and cook it on the stove.  I’m not an InstantPot newbie and I follow the recipe to a T so I just don’t understand.  The flavor is good…but I have to cook it on the stove instead of the InstantPot. This was excellent! Will definitely make it again. Used boneless skinless chicken thighs, Better than Bouillon, and doubled the mushrooms. The herbs de Provence really make the dish. Easy. Fast. Yummy! Amazing -only thing I changed was I threw in a zucchini I had sitting in the fridge.  It was wonderful, reminds me of the recipe I used years ago but in much less time! So easy tast amazing! It's a keeper we're definitely gonna make it again Delicious.  I only used 2 bullion cubes - it seemed like a lot of salt.  Also used boneless chicken and it was so tender you didn't need a knife to cut it.  Adding it to my Pinterest board!
