Poop Emoji Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260154/poop-emoji-cookies/
Combine flour, 1 cup confectioners' sugar, 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons cocoa powder, baking powder, vanilla sugar, and salt in a large bowl. Work in butter with your fingers until mixture resembles small crumbs. Add milk and egg; knead into a soft dough. Place in a bowl, cover, and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Roll dough into long, thin 8-inch ropes, pinching one end into a pointy tip. Arrange in the shape of a little poop-mound with the pointy tip on top; place onto the prepared baking sheet, leaving space between individual cookies. Bake in the preheated oven until lightly darkened on the bottom and dried, 10 to 12 minutes. Carefully remove from baking sheet and transfer onto a wire rack to cool completely, about 2 hours. Mix 3 tablespoons confectioners' sugar with lemon juice to form a thin icing. Glue 2 candy eyeballs on each poop cookie and let dry.
I made a few changes to your recipe and was much happier with the results. First I increased the powder sugar amount to 1 & 3/4 cups. Then I reduced the baking powder to 2 tsp. and reduced the Cocoa powder to 1/3rd cup. I also increased the milk to 1/3 cup. Everything else I left as is. Thanks for positing your recipe, it was a wonderful idea and I am glad I ran with it. My grands and great grandchildren love them. I put Hersey kisses in the middle for better shaping. Since this cookie itself is not too sweet, chocolate in the middle made it perfect. Me and my son had so much fun making it. I made the recipe as is and did notice it was a bit dry. I added about another 1/4 c of milk and that helped a lot. I like that it's not too sweet. U can always add more sugar to it. After my adjustment I liked it and so did my kids. hilarious! made them with my nieces and we had a ball Good idea. These cookies are awful! Very dry and not sweet at all. Cute idea but the recipe needs work. I threw half of my dough away My daughter loves bringing these to school!! Made it according to the recipe, super dry and flavorless. Not sure if I'm gonna put eyes on them because the kids have tasted them and won't even eat them. Will probably save the eyes for cupcakes or something. Not impressed. My kids absolutely loved making these! Huge success!
