Instant Pot Salsa Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260193/instant-pot-salsa-chicken/
Place chicken breasts in a multi-functional cooker (such as Instant Pot). Sprinkle all sides with taco seasoning. Pour salsa and chicken broth on top. Close and lock the lid. Select Poultry setting; set the timer for 15 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 20 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Shred chicken and serve as desired.
For everyone complaining about burnt chicken,just place your chicken on a rack on the bottom of your pot. It can't burn if it's not touching the bottom. A real simple fix. I made this recipe at least 20 times to perfection. I do this in the crockpot with only the chicken, taco seasoning and a jar of salsa. Comes out great and tastes delicious Juicy chicken with delicious flavor. I used water instead of chicken broth (thanks for note in recipe). Great flavors. Coated frozen breasts on all sides before adding salsa and water. Added some cheese on top when serving but would be fine as is. Very flavorful. The chicken shredded with the side of a fork. We’re already thinking of all the ways we can use this; wraps, salads, etc. I don't have a poultry button on my IP so I cooked on high pressure for the 15 minutes...came out great. I did put the chicken on a rack and after shredding poured about 3/4 of the sauce from the pot on to the shredding plate and mixed it into the chicken. I did add a can of diced green chilies to the pot along with the other ingredients...loved it! I have made this several times. Once as written, next time with thighs and added 2 oz. cream cheese at the end, next time added sliced onions and peppers for 2 minutes while I was shredding the cooked chicken. Delicious every time! Thanks for a great recipe!! I think the next incarnation will be over rice cooked with Rotel. :-) My Entire family loved it. There are seven of us and I usually have to make different things because 1/2 like certain foods and the others don't. I just heated up corn Tortillas and flour Tortillas and everyone dressed it how they liked. It's a keeper! This turned out really well, not dry at all. I put the chicken stock in first then the frozen chicken breasts, then salsa, then the taco seasoning. I also added 3 extra minutes to the defaulted poultry setting so that it would be shreddable. Quick, simple and tasty! Quick, easy snd delicious. Perfect for weekday taco nights
