Instant Pot Turkey Breast
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260227/instant-pot-turkey-breast/
Sprinkle onion soup mix all over turkey breast and place in the pot of an electric pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot). Arrange celery and onion over and around turkey. Pour chicken broth over turkey. Seal and lock the lid. Select high/low pressure on the Poultry setting or according to manufacturer's instructions; cook until juices run clear, about 30 minutes. Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 20 minutes. Transfer turkey to a plate and slice; cover to keep warm. Switch to the Sauté setting. Mix together water and cornstarch in a small bowl; stir in a small amount of hot liquid from the pot until combined. Pour back into the pot and whisk until gravy is well thickened, about 3 minutes. Serve gravy alongside sliced turkey.
This is my first recipe review ever, but I just had to share how great this recipe went! Two important notes: I doubled the onions and celery, and I also cooked it for 40 minutes in the cooker after realizing that the turkey was slightly pink inside at 30 minutes. I also added 3 cloves of garlic because we love garlic. What a wonderful recipe!! Can’t wait to trot this out at Thanksgiving again next year. I cooked a 6 pound turkey breast and followed the recipe, cooking it for 30 minutes.  It was perfect!  Nice and moist with subtle flavor from the onions and celery.  Delish! My recommendation (and what I did):  pour the broth over the breast, then sprinkle the soup mix, THEN add the veggies.  If you pour the broth over the soup mix, you're washing most of the soup mix off of the breast because you didn't do anything to prep the breast to make the soup mix stick. 8# 40 minutes and perfect! Great flavorVery excited for Turkey Sammy’s with garden tomatoes!Thank you I made this twice.  It is so easy, and the turkey comes out tender and flavorful in less  than an hour!  Quick, easy and delicious with gravy recipe included. Make holiday dinners less stressful because you can concentrate on preparing side dishes while the turkey cooks. Followed the recipe exactly, but had to increase it for a 8.25 lb turkey breast.  Everyone loved it.  Gravy was easy & tasted wonderful with home made mashed potatoes.  Will definitely make again. Easy and tasty.  I skipped the gravy - just looking for a quick way to cook ahead.   A keeper! The turkey was moist and the gravy was magnificent.  So easy and quick. Will def be a staple from now on. I used already cooked 4 lb turkey and reduced the time and it was great! This recipe was perfect!  The Turkey was literally falling off the bone and juicy.  I’m usually a dark meat fan because white meat can be dry, depending on where you get it.  I’m never eating dry white meat again!  I added extra celery & onion, and cooked an 8 lb Turkey for 45 minutes on high pressure.  It seemed almost too easy to make a whole Turkey breast!  Thanks for the recipe!
