Loaded Breakfast Skillet
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260471/loaded-breakfast-skillet/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook bacon in a large skillet over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain on paper towels; reserve most of the bacon fat in the skillet. otdash Meredith Food Studio Crumble bacon and set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Reduce heat to medium. Cook and stir onion in reserved bacon fat until slightly softened, about 5 minutes. Add potatoes; toss to coat evenly in bacon fat. Pour in water and cover the skillet. Cook, stirring occasionally, until potatoes are tender, about 20 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix in green onions, garlic, and paprika. Season with kosher salt and pepper. Make 4 wells in potato mixture using a wooden spoon, revealing the bottom of the skillet. otdash Meredith Food Studio Crack an egg into each well; season with salt and pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Sprinkle Cheddar cheese and bacon over the entire skillet. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cover and cook until egg whites are set and yolks are still runny, about 5 minutes. Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
Made as written except that I didn't need the water. Great breakfast for dinner recipe! Only let the eggs go for as long as the recipe states. They still looked too runny to me so I let them go longer and they ended up overcooked. Lesson learned. I would double the paprika next time but that is the only change I would make. I discovered that my potatoes were not good when I cut into them, so I found some french fries in the freezer and used those, since I'd already started the dish and it was too late to abort the process. I fried them in the skillet with the onions in the bacon drippings, and skipped the water. I did have to flip this over as the yolk wouldn't set and I don't like runny yolk, so it wasn't pretty, but it tasted fine. I would not use french fries the next time, but I didn't have hash browns or fresh potatoes, so I worked with what I had. They were fine, but they were preseasoned and a fresh potato would have taken on the flavors better and yielded a slightly better texture. Overall, this was a pretty good dish, and I wouldn't hesitate to fix it again, even with the frozen crinkly cut fries if that's all I had. I'd skip the garlic though. we substituted sausage for bacon and used 2 Tbs. bacon grease and it was amazing! Made as is EXCEPT microwaved 3 potatoes, cut them up which cut down the cooking time needed and just a tablespoon of water added not 1/4 c. Cracking the eggs one at time, not fussing too much then seasoning w/ salt & pepper needs to be quick as eggs are cooking FAST covered 5 min but sooooo worth the time needed to whip this up anytime.Thank you Dorinda 😋🥘 Really good. I used thawed southern style hashbrowns and minced an onion to add to it. I also used kielbasa style sausage - sliced in coins vs bacon but followed the cooking order as stated in the recipe (sausage, removed and added onions/hashbrowns). I also added just a smidge more smoked paprika.  You have to be able to move quickly in steps 6-8 so I suggest you phone a friend to have alongside you. Remember- the clock starts on the first egg so you need to crack and drop quickly without breaking the eggs + adding salt, pepper, meat and  cheese (which I omitted the cheese due to personal preference). The 5 min time is spot on for my eggs. Served with sliced avocado and hot sauce/salsa. Overall, we liked! Thanks Dorinda Medley! I cooked it less than the 20 min. in the instructions, otherwise the potatoes would have turned to mush.  I liked this breakfast skillet overall, but prefer the potatoes to be crispy.  This recipe had good flavor though, I would probably make it again. I've been making this breakfast for near 50 years.  If you beat the eggs and add a little cream. Pour it over the potatoes and add a little green pepper. Bake at 350F for approximately 15 to 20 min. Add a pinch of cayenne or serve with hot sauce or even sausage gravy. Now you have a 5 rating... It was perfect for a good start to the day.  I added sweet potatos instead of all regular potatos. It added more flavor and better health for a diabetic.  But either way a must for family! I used seasoned shredded potatoes and it came out awesome. Great recipe for a Sunday brunch! I used ham instead of bacon.
