Chef John's Chicken Tinga
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260469/chef-johns-chicken-tinga/
Place chicken thighs, chicken stock, water, halved onion, garlic cloves, salt, and oregano in a large pot. Bring to a simmer over high heat; reduce to medium-low and cook, stirring occasionally, for 30 minutes. Remove from heat. Transfer onion halves to a bowl with a slotted spoon; transfer chicken thighs to a separate bowl. Pour broth through a strainer into a large bowl. Heat olive oil in the same pot over medium heat. Add diced onions and cook until beginning to soften, about 4 minutes. Transfer strained liquid to onions. Bring mixture to a boil over high heat; turn heat to medium-low; reduce broth by about half, 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer reserved boiled onions to a blender. Add chipotle peppers in adobo sauce. Swirl a bit of water in the can and add to the blender. Add tomatoes. Cover blender with the lid; pulse on and off until mixture is partially blended, then blend on medium speed until smooth, 1 or 2 minutes. Transfer to pot with broth and onions. Increase heat to medium-high. Simmer 15 minutes or so, depending on how thick you want the sauce. Reduce heat to medium-low. Tear chicken into bite-size pieces and add to the pot. Cook another 10 to 15 minutes. Transfer to a serving dish; garnish with cilantro and crumbled cotija cheese.
Yum, the smell reminds me of wonderful times in Mexico. We love Chipolte peppers, but ONE and a half is plenty of spice for us. Spicy is great, but 7 oz would kill us! (I learned this the hard way in a different recipe) I strongly advise starting with one and doing taste tests to find your limit. Whenever I open a can to cook Mexican foods, I spoon one out with some of the sauce and freeze the rest to use. I have forms for my taco salad shells and bake after painting with a little olive oil at 400 degrees, for 10-12 minutes. You could probably make them out of foil too. I hope Chef John gives some pointers for making great salad shells in one of his next videos! This took a few steps but nothing was difficult...you just need to leave yourself time!  This was a little salty for me, but will probably be fine if I use it as a bowl with some beans, rice, cheese and corn.  I added a big handful of cilantro in the last step and because we are white mean chicken fans, I used thighs and breasts.  Thanks, Chef John for yet another keeper! I had Chicken Tinga once a few years ago at my aunts and I have wanted to try making it myself ever since. My son gave my 1st try a thumbs up. I’ve made this several times. It also works well with cut up and browned pork shoulder. Great blend of flavors. You will have extra sauce so either make enchiladas or save it for another recipe. just tasted it and it is delicious. a bit spicy, but once all put together with tortilla, beans, and cheese it should be fine. thanks! i needed something new in the rotation! Delicious recipe! Very flavorful and just the right kick! Highly recommend this recipe! I've been to a lot of Mexican restaurants in my life, but I have never seen this dish on a menu. So glad I tried this. The smoky heat of the chipotles married with the tomato base was outstanding!Will definitely make again. This dish is delicious! Thanks Chef John for never disappointing!! This is now on our regular dinner rotation. We make this all the time. My family loves it and everyone who tastes it asks for the recipe. It freezes great too. Well, we have a new staple dinner for the week…this dish is the Bomb!!! No changes to recipe. I did heat up flour tortillas, pack em with mix then covered them in the sauce. Baked on 350 for 25 minutes.  Add cheese for last 5 minutes. Topped with the cilantro & sour cream.
