Pumpkin Spice Cake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/26061/pumpkin-spice-cake-i/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 10-inch Bundt pan. Sift together flour, cinnamon, baking soda, salt, nutmeg, ginger, and allspice. Set aside. Cream butter, both sugars, and eggs in a large bowl with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Mix in pumpkin puree. Gradually mix in flour mixture until combined. Stir in chopped pecans. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean, 50 to 60 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool in the pan for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a wire rack and cool completely.
This recipe has been revised to include "2 eggs, beaten" in the list of ingredients. The eggs are creamed together with the shortening and other ingredients in Step 2 of the directions. - The Staff I made this for Friendsgiving. I made exactly as the recipe says except I left out the extra .25 cup of white sugar and halved the brown sugar. We didn't miss the extra sugar at all! I had originally planned to add a maple glaze, but the night got away from me and turns out we didn't feel like they needed it!I made cupcakes. They baked in about 20 min and as I was making the batter I accidentally forgot to add the pecans...so topped my cupcakes with them. This was a fantastic mistake, the pecans toasted in the oven and it gave this great crunch to the top. I will make again. Everyone liked them! I made this for my husband with the following changes;  I had only one egg yolk and I used a quarter cup of plain Greek yogurt in place of the other egg. I used 1 cup organic coconut oil and one quarter cup of olive oil in place of shortening, 3 cups of white whole wheat flour and leftover mashed buttercup squash in place of canned pumpkin. Added walnuts instead of pecans and baked in 13x9 pan for 50 minutes. Husband loves it. I have made this recipe multiple times and it was always a hit! And I have shared the recipe with several people as requested. I made mine in a bread loaf pan and my kids call it pumpkin bread❤️. Works for me. I added a 1/4 tsp Cardamom & 1/2 tsp vanilla.  I did lightly toast the pecans.  I also did a very light glaze of powdered sugar & Pumpkin Spice flavored creamer then lightly dusted with powdered sugar. Delicious pumpkin spice cake! I made it for my mom's birthday and everyone loved it! It was very rich, and just had a hint of pumpkin. I added some cream cheese icing whch made it 10x better. The only thing I'd comment on is that I didn't have to put it in for the full 60 minutes. So good. Perfect with my cup of tea. Or coffee. I didn't have shortening, so I used butter. And then I added chopped granny smith apples. I used a brown sugar glaze on top. I needed a way to use up the canned pumpkin and leftover cream cheese that I had, so I decided to try this. OMG it is amazing! I couldn't even wait until it had cooled off before eating some.I did run out of shortening though, so what I ended up doing was using 1 cup of vegetable shortening and 1/4 cup butter. I also added roughly 1/2 - 3/4 tsp of vanilla extract. Just a little splash. I also had to omit the nuts, since I am allergic. My cake was done after 50 minutes in the oven.For the icing, I used the same recipe that I use for my cinnamon rolls. 8 oz Philadelphia cream cheese, 3 tbsp milk, 2 tbsp unsalted butter, 1 tsp vanilla, and 1 cup confectioner's sugar. Mix and pour it on while the cake is still warm (not immediately out of the oven, but warm enough to let the icing lightly melt over the top), top with a mixture of equal parts cinnamon and granulated sugar. This cake is bomb, and I'm not sure how much longer it will last in the kitchen! Definitely a keeper. Using the advice of other reviewers, I substituted 1/2 cup butter and 1/4 cup applesauce and just 1/2 cup shortening. I also made the Maple Icing (by Rachael on this site) recommended by Naples34102. The combination of the rich spices and light pumpkin flavor in these cupcakes with the creamy maple cream cheese frosting is a delightful treat! I wanted a bunds cake that was moist and not too dense. I added 1 tsp. Baking powder to make sure it would have “lift”. Also the batter seemed very thick, so I added 1/4 cup sour cream and 1/4 cup milk to make it a little more like cake batter. The cake turned out great. Maybe I would not have had to make these modifications. I am saving these in my notes and will make this cake in the future. It was very easy and GO
