Crumbed Chicken Tenderloins (Air Fried)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260625/crumbed-chicken-tenderloins-air-fried/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat an air fryer to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Whisk egg in a small bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix bread crumbs and oil together in a second bowl until mixture becomes loose and crumbly. Dip each chicken tenderloin into the bowl of egg; shake off any residual egg. Dip chicken into crumb mixture, making sure it is evenly and fully covered. otdash Meredith Food Studio Lay chicken tenderloins in the air fryer basket in an even layer. Air-fry until no longer pink in the center, about 12 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy!
Made exactly as written using Panko breadcrumbs and these were perfect as written. Plan on 20 minutes for your airfryer to preheat and do not over fill your basket. The chicken pieces should not be touching each other if you want that crispness on all sides. It worked out well for this amateur cook. Added touch of garlic powder,  onion powder, sprinkle of smoked paprika and one min of broil at the end of cooking. Will do it again soon So thrilled with this recipe! Adding the oil to the breadcrumbs is magic. I used plain panko and added adobo plus onion powder and the tenders came out amazing. My airfryer cooks faster, so I only needed about ten minutes. As is, I wouldn't be so impressed with the instructions, however when I reconfigured the 🥚, oil, and breadcrumb arrangement, it turned out pretty well. With the oil in the breadcrumbs the mixture wouldn't stick to the chicken. When I mixed the egg 🥚 & oil, then dipped the chicken pieces into the breadcrumbs I was a lot more satisfied with the effects. Incidentally, I agreed with another reader that the breadcrumbs should be seasoned so I added some McCormick Montreal Chicken Seasoning. I  did 350* for 10 minutes! I did Internal temp check and all hit about 168-171. I used plain panko crumbs with the recommended cayenne pepper, paprika & garlic powder in another comment I  read. I also salted the chicken before breading them. I used The chicken tenderloins from Costco. Will make all my chicken tenders like this with variations in the spices!! For those wanting low carb, crunched up  4505 Chicharrones would be a great substitute!! WOW what a Game Changer! For 2 reasons.   FIRST it was so quick and easy and absolutely delicious. We followed the directions exactly. The tenders we had weighed 1.16 lbs which ended up yielding 7 tenders.  SECOND Mixing the oil with the breadcrumbs was ABSOLUTE GENIUS. No need for double dipping as the breadcrumbs stayed perfectly on the tenders. We will be using that method from now on.       We made these again but this time we tweaked the spices to our southern taste buds. To the breadcrumbs we added 1t Cayenne Pepper 1/2t Garlic Powder with 1/2t Spanish Paprika and mixed all together then instead of vegetable oil we like to use Avocado oil. Our Air Frier is small so we  could only get 3 tenders at a time. When we got to the last tender we turned the temperature down to 375° and cooked it for 10 minutes and then flipped for another 10 minutes. That seems to be the best temperature and time in our Air Fryer. No 2 Air Fryer’s are the same from what we are hearing. The next batch we make we will try 1 1/2t of Cayenne Pepper or try adding 1 1/2t of FRANKS to the egg. For dipping we had 2 sauces. One was Ranch and the other was FRANKS mixed with Plain Greek Yogurt. As you can see we served them with Grilled Corn and a Garden fresh salad with a few shakes of  Organic Herbs De Provence,       Either way LAUNA we can’t thank you enough for sharing your recipe with us.  What a Great Low Carb recipe.Thanks again LOVES2COOK. So dry, half of them went into the garbage!  Horrible recipe.  Not enough fat on breasts, thighs work so much better and are always moist. Messy to prep, but delicious. I recommend marinating in pickle juice for 1-3 hours before hand to keep them juicy and add another flavor dimension. You definitely need to add some kind of seasoning to it or it lacks flavor. These turned out good in the air fryer. I used chicken breast pounded and cut in thin strips. Salt, pepper, and garlic powder before dipping in egg then used panko style crumbs with some fresh grated parmesan cheese. Instead of mixing oil in with the breadcrumbs I sprayed the front and back with cooking spray. 350 degrees for 14 mins turning once.
