Cider-Braised Pork Shoulder
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260735/cider-braised-pork-shoulder/
Generously salt all sides of the pork shoulder chunks. Heat oil in a heavy pot over high heat. Brown pork shoulder pieces until surface is seared and crusty, about 3 or 4 minutes per side. Transfer browned pork to a plate. Add onions to oil and reduce heat to medium and season with a pinch of salt and pepper. Cook and stir about 2 minutes. Add torn sage leaves; cook until onions soften and begin to brown, stirring frequently. Pour cider into pot; stir to deglaze bottom. Raise heat to high and bring to a boil. Stir in cider vinegar. Reduce heat to low. Transfer pork shoulder pieces to cider mixture. Cover; simmer gently on low 1 hour. Remove lid and turn pieces over. Cover; simmer on low until meat is fork tender, 1 to 2 more hours. Transfer pork to a bowl with a slotted spoon. Raise heat to high and bring sauce to a simmer. Whisk in creme fraiche. Simmer until liquid is reduced by half and is slightly thickened, 8 to 10 minutes. Stir in a pinch of cayenne. Transfer pork back to pot; reduce heat to low. Baste pork with sauce while it heats through and becomes perfectly tender, and the sauce is as thick as you want it, about 15 more minutes.
This was fantastic! Even being a household that can't use cow's milk, I just made buttermilk using 1/2 cup Almond milk with 1/2 tbsp. lemon juice (when using almond milk in cooking, you need to use the Almond Breeze original unsweetened - anything else or any other brands are too sweet and just ruin the flavor of the dish). The sauce didn't really thicken up much, so I did add a little flour, but it still tasted fabulous poured over the meat with buttered rice. The leftovers were delicious! I first saw this recipe in the Fall edition of All Recipes magazine. When I saw it was one by Chef John, I got excited and watched the video-he is so great at demonstrating the process. Except for the Hard Cider which I bought , I had everything on hand but I did have to use heavy whipping cream instead of creme fraiche.  Next time I will try the fraiche! My husband wanted to cut out some fat- I think too much was cut but it was delicious anyway! Thanks! I trust Chef John and this recipe was excellent! I made it according to the recipe and served it over rice. It’s definitely a keeper! Will be making this again. Those who are patient during the final reduction step will be rewarded with a wonderfully complex combination of flavors - you can truly taste each ingredient. Thanks Chef John! This was AMAZING!  I served it at a dinner party and got rave reviews!  I served it over brown rice.  Mmmm!I used a 4 pound pork shoulder, and I doubled the sauce ingredients so there'd be plenty of "gravy" to cover the rice.  The only hard apple cider I could find was Angry Orchard "Crisp Apple" hard cider.  It had a bit of a strong apple cider flavor, so next time I might try it with just apple cider.  After I reduced the sauce, it was still not thick enough for me so I whisked in several tablespoons of corn starch to thicken it.  I also made homemade Creme Fraiche - super easy!  This recipe will definitely be repeated!  Thanks Chef John! I had forgotten this lovely recipe but found my old bookmark with the link to it. I made this a few years ago and remember how delicious, filling and comforting it was. I don't recall making any changes to it at all.It is a nice slow braise so it once everything is prepped, browned and most things are added to the pot, it is a nice lazy day dish to prepare. It doesn't require a lot of attention but it smells so nice cooking that one is tempted to remove the lid frequently to taste the braising liquid.I do recall serving it with Chef John's spaetzle recipe and his delicata squash recipe. I'll be making it again next weekend even though I think recipe is even more perfect for chilly winter months.This recipe is also a wonderful dinner to serve to guests who eat pork. It is perfect in every way. I kinda forgot about it, and it was almost falling apart tender.  Hubby loved it.  This is very rich, so I served it over boiled potatoes.  Yum.  I made it twice, once with fresh sage and then the second time I forgot to get sage, so I used dry herbes de provence, and it was great as well.  This is definitely going into the rotation as pork is afordable, especially on sale, and it's very easy to do. Chef John delivers again! This was tasty. First time I wanted to make this I couldn't find fresh sage at my local grocer but saw it close to Thanksgiving so took advantage of it. Could not find creme fraiche (and didn't want to make it) so used heavy cream. My 17 yr old son said it was REALLY good! I did not change anything about this recipe, which says a lot because most of the time, I will review a recipe and feel like I need to make changes based on the flavor profiles.  It was perfect as it was, and my whole family loved it.  Thank you for sharing. Wonderful change from chicken or beef stock liquids. And so flavorful. The apple cider is still reducing as I type this - for some reason it's taking a really long time to thicken. Regardless I had a plate and WOW!
