Japanese Pan Noodles
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260850/japanese-pan-noodles/
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook udon in boiling water, stirring occasionally, until noodles are tender yet firm to the bite, 10 to 12 minutes. Drain and rinse with cold water. Stir in a few drops of sesame oil. Heat the remaining sesame oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook broccoli until bright green and still crunchy, about 5 minutes. Add green bell pepper and carrots; cook and stir until slightly softened, about 2 minutes. Add zucchini; cook until slightly softened, about 2 minutes more. Add soy sauce, mirin, chili-garlic sauce, and ginger; stir to combine. Mix in the noodles; cook and stir until noodles absorb some of the sauce, 1 to 2 minutes more.
I have unsuccessfully tried to make Japanese noodles many times in the past. When I pick my daughter up from school we usually have to go through the drive through and get her some.I did use a different noodle (soba) and I used 1/2 soy sauce and the other 1/2 teriyaki sauce (as she likes teriyaki sauce better) used probably 1/2 the sriracha sauce and also added some mushrooms, celery and some onion along with the broccoli, carrots and pepper.After making these I got two thumbs up from my daughter and I had a hard time stopping eating it (I did put a heavy dose of sriracha sauce on my serving) and will be definitely making again!Also this is the first time I have made something without lots of reviews and after making I looked to see how many reviews there was and was shocked! I will try other things with not many reviews again for sure. I've been making it before Noodles and Company git a hold of it,but I make,all kinds of Chinese/Japanese, Vietnam,Evenly All Asian foods which I was taught by a Chinese Man back in the late 70's Especially Moo goo gai pan  its an Americaniized version of a Cantonese dish,that's the best,I make atlease 10 times a month Very similar to Noodles & Co japanese pan noodles.  I don't make it spicy, it's very easy to sub vegetables, increase spiciness, etc.  Great weeknight recipe and even my kids like it. Very spicy I use coconut aminos as I stay away from soy.  Added celery matchsticks as I didn't have zucchini on hand. (Gave an essence of bok choy.)  Thinly sliced beef and shrimp were my added proteins.   Frozen Udon noodles for 1.5 minutes to boil before cold water.  Used Gochujang sauce separately for added spice.  It was phenomenal.   Thank you for making it so versatile!   Even the kids loved it! First time through, wasn't so bad. I used noodles from an Udon soup pack, minus the seasoning , and some leftover steamed broccoli. I loosened up the noodles in boiling water for ~60 seconds. Next time through I'll use fresh broccoli, and udon from the freezer. I also plan to add in more veg.  Looking forward to replicating this recipe for regular consumption. Very easy, very good, made this for dinner for my family and was surprised at how good it was. I added a lot more vegetables and added sweet and spicy chicken. Overall was great and would definitely be making it again. The flavor of this dish was great, but the sticky texture of the Udon noodles I was able to get prevented the dish from being amazing.  (And that was with cooking them for only 7 minutes which was the low end of the recommended.)  The Udon noodles I was able to get from my local Kroger were very thin (more like angel hair pasta size).  They were nothing like the thick noodles you actually get at Noodles and Co. I think the dish would have been fine with the right noodles. Really great pan noodles that stack up to Noodles & Co. A really easy protein to add is precooked shrimp that you can toss in with the noodles at the very end just to warm them and coat them in the sauce. Like many other people I doubled the sauce and had to add a little vegetable oil to cook with just because the sesame oil was not enough. I also used 2 servings of the vacuum sealed Myojo udon noodles which made cooking much faster. I will say that the portion size was maybe a little too small for four people so I'll be adding a third serving of noodles next time. Simple but delicious. I think the recipe is trying to keep calories low, but I found it needed about a half tablespoon canola oil with the veg to cook them well. Otherwise I made it as described but with a 7 oz packet of the Ka-Me vacuum-sealed fresh udon. The veg/sauce/noodle ratio ended up great and made 2 generous servings. I served with some leftover ginger-chicken meatballs. Make sure you check your noodle package directions because you don't boil the fresh kind like I used.
