Ultimate Low-Carb Zucchini Lasagna
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261026/ultimate-low-carb-zucchini-lasagna/
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease an 8-inch square baking dish with cooking spray. Pat dry zucchini slices with a paper towel to remove excess moisture. Set aside. Heat olive oil in a saucepan over medium-high heat. Add ground beef; cook until browned, 5 to 8 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add marinara sauce, 1 teaspoon salt, oregano, and pepper; simmer for 10 minutes. Set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine ricotta cheese, egg, 1 teaspoon salt, and nutmeg in a bowl; mix well. Set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Arrange one layer of zucchini slices in the prepared baking dish. Cover with 1/2 of the sauce. Add another layer of zucchini slices. Spread ricotta mixture on top. Sprinkle with 1/2 of the mozzarella cheese. Add another layer of zucchini slices; cover with remaining sauce and top with remaining mozzarella cheese and Parmesan cheese. Cover the baking dish with aluminum foil. otdash Meredith Food Studio otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes. Remove aluminum foil and bake until top is golden, about 15 minutes more. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I made this the same way I make regular lasagna, adding parmesan cheese to the ricotta and adding some sauce to the pan first so the zucchini doesn't stick, also there is never a reason to add oil to the frying pan when cooking ground meat, it makes its own grease and you have to drain it anyway. Other than that this was a very tasty dish and I would make it again. I did not add ground beef, but otherwise made as directed. Delicious and so easy!! Family loved it! I will definitely be making this more often. We love this recipe.  I let my zucchini sweat, after being salted, overnight and then rinse to get off excess salt.  It is never watery after cooking.  If I just do 15 minutes or so, it gets very watery.   Everyone oes this recipe. Would make this again.  Used a 9 x 13.  Followed recipe exact except sliced more zucchini which I salted and let sweat before patting off water.  Not greasy or watery. This was really good.  I didn't think it would have a lot of taste but i was wrong.  And my husband loved it too!! i used my mandoline to slide the zucchini (the 1/8 setting) Really good!  If you prefer, you could easily substitute store-bought marinara sauce.  I subbed cottage cheese for the ricotta, just a personal preference.This is a great no-carb alternative to traditional lasagna and a tasty way to use zucchini when you're getting overrun with it.  I baked mine 10 minutes longer than called for (after removing the foil). Thank you!  I used some already cooked spaghetti turkey meat that I had leftover in the freezer, but for everything else, I followed the instructions exactly as written.  This is delicious!  First time making lasagna with zucchini. Will definitely make again and again. It was too salty even cutting it down to 1.5 tsp total. No need to add salt at all, I think. Next time I will add onions to ground beef, mushrooms and maybe some other veggies.
