Perfect Pot Stickers
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261153/perfect-pot-stickers/
Place ground pork, green onions, garlic, ginger, 2 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon soy sauce, sesame oil, and cayenne in a mixing bowl. Top with chopped green cabbage. Mix with fork until thoroughly combined. Tamp down lightly; cover with plastic. Refrigerate until chilled, about an hour. Place 2 ½ cups of flour and kosher salt in a mixing bowl. Slowly pour in hot water. Stir with a wooden spoon until mixture forms a shaggy dough. Flour your hands and transfer dough to a work surface. Knead dough until it becomes smooth and elastic, about 3 to 5 minutes. If dough seems too sticky, sprinkle with a bit more flour, up to an additional 1/2 cup, and continue to knead. Wrap dough ball in plastic, and let it rest about 30 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio When dough has rested, divide into 4 equal pieces. Cover 3 pieces with a dish cloth while you work the first piece. Roll into a small log about the thickness of a thumb, about 3/4 inch. Divide each log into 6 equal pieces. Roll each piece into a thin 3 ½-inch circle on a lightly floured surface to form the pot sticker wrappers. Repeat with the remaining dough pieces. otdash Meredith Food Studio Lightly moisten the edges of a wrapper with your wet finger. Place a small scoop of the ground pork mixture onto the center of a wrapper. Fold up the 2 sides and pinch together in the center. Pinch together the remaining edges, forming "pleats" along one side. Tap the pot sticker on the work surface to slightly flatten the bottom; form a slight curve in it so it stands upright in the pan. Transfer to a well-floured plate. Repeat with remaining dough and filling. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix together seasoned rice vinegar and soy sauce in a small mixing bowl for the dipping sauce. Heat oil in skillet over medium-high heat. Place about 6 or 7 pot stickers in the hot oil, flat side down. Cook until bottoms are golden brown, about 2 minutes. Drizzle in water and quickly cover the pan; steam for 3 minutes. Uncover; reduce heat to medium. Continue cooking until water evaporates and bottoms are browned and crunchy, 1 or 2 minutes. Transfer to a warm serving dish. Repeat with remaining pot stickers. Serve with dipping sauce. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
Made dough exact to recipe. Dough came out really nice. Only addition I made was one egg to filling mixture after watching a lot of other videos. Filling was very tasty. I used a little less ginger because my boyfriend is sensitive to the ginger flavor. Will definitely make again. It was a fun group activity to fill and pinch dumplings the potstickers are good but ive had the pleasure of having real ones... I certainly added more spices to meat mixture and nuked in small amounts so i could try just the filling before assembling. also the sauce could do with a tbsp of brown sugar, fresh ginger and a bit of oyster sauce. however with all that they are the best I've had in years! I don't know what it is but even though they were okay and I enjoyed how easy it was, I think the filling could've used more flavor. I feel like it was a bit bland, sorry Well, this makes 32 if you divide the dough into 4 equal parts and each of those into 8 pieces instead of 6, otherwise too much dough per pot sticker.  Also, I used a pampered chef small scoop (1 Tablespoon size) and you could either halve the recipe meat portion or double the dough portion as it is way too much meat to get into even 24 potstickers. So after struggling to make just 6 dough circles with each 1/4 of the dough, I finally realized it should be 8. A bit annoying as I am prepping these for a Chinese New Year's party and now some will be doughy and some won't.  I'm working on my second batch of dough to finish up the meat.  The good thing is it makes way more than even 32 if you use a pound of pork. The meat part of this recipe was very good. The dough, well I don't have a pasta machine. I do believe you need one to get the dough very thin.The dough for me ended out very thick.As others have mentioned they had left over meat.The next day I went to the store and bought the premade dough and made wanton soup. It came out really good and made a few more pot stickers with the store bought dough.So for me... I will continue to make this with store bought dough. Well that was fun. I made the recipe only adding a little bit of sesame oil. But I would suggest spraying a pan not flouring it.  The pot stickers stuck to the flour and I doused with too much water the first time.  Who knew that if there was air in the pot sticker they would turn into little jelly fish!   Will be trying this one again. The bonus was I could eat several that didn’t turn out right away. Didn't use rolling pin , put balls in my tortilla press. Perfect 3 1\2 inch disk and much quicker. Says yields 32 dumplings, but 6x4 is 24, no? Lol am I missing something? Anyway, these turned out great! Better than takeout since they were nice and crispy. I ended up using ground turkey because I didn't have pork on hand and honestly I didn't miss it! Tasted just as good. Chicken instead of pork I followed the recipe with three exceptions based on comments I read. I used only 1 T fresh ginger and added about  1/4 cup chopped shiitake mushrooms. I also made a double batch of dough.  I had enough filling for 44 potstickers. I overloaded them a bit on the filling and could  easily have made 48. If you make one batch of dough (24 potstickers) I recommend cutting all of the filling ingredients in half. I used a 15 oz pre-seasoned garlic teriyaki pork tenderloin I found in the back of my freezer.
