Chef John's Zombie Meatloaf
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261198/chef-johns-zombie-meatloaf/
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Melt butter in a pan over medium-high heat. Saute diced onion, celery, mushrooms, and 1 teaspoon salt until the mixture dries out and starts to turn golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in garlic, black pepper, thyme, and cayenne pepper. Remove from heat and let cool to room temperature, about 10 minutes. Combine remaining 2 teaspoons salt, ground beef, bread crumbs, egg, buttermilk, 2 tablespoons ketchup, and Worcestershire sauce in a large bowl. Add cooled vegetable mixture. Mix with your hands until thoroughly combined. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the refrigerator. Slice 2 round sides, about 1/2-inch-thick, off the second onion for the zombie eyes. Push 1 clove into the center of each slice. Cut a 1-inch-wide section off the remaining onion and dice into chunks to form zombie teeth. Transfer meatloaf mixture to the prepared baking sheet and use damp hands to shape into a zombie skull shape that is 3 to 4 inches tall. Form indents to represent the eyes, nose, and mouth. Drape bacon over the face, covering most of the meatloaf. Add onion eyes and teeth. Tuck in loose ends of bacon under the sides with a spatula. Cover the onion eyes with aluminum foil to prevent browning. Bake in the preheated oven until the meatloaf reaches an internal temperature of 155 degrees F (68 degrees C), about 1 hour. Stir barbeque sauce, 1/4 cup ketchup, and hot sauce together in a bowl to make the blood sauce.
Reactivated my AllRecipes login just now to comment on this. First, we discovered Chef John on YouTube and love his work. Second, this was AMAZING. The flavor was great, it was moist, everything you want in a meatloaf. Our dinner guests (a whole family) were suitably impressed. The best part was, I apparently didn't push the eyeballs in far enough and so when I tried to fix that after cooking, meatloaf juice gooshed out from under the onions and looked DISGUSTING. LOL! Also, everyone loved the blood sauce! We had both spicy and regular BBQ sauce, so I mixed ketchup/spicy sauce/regular sauce in a 3:1:2 ratio, added a dash of worchestershire, and shook well in the squirt bottle. Zombie is quite tender and flavorful.  Who knew? Super easy and the look is insanely awesome but the taste is amazing!!!! I now make this every year and its always a hit!  As he suggests, I use my own favorite meat loaf recipe (half turkey/half beef) and concentrate on the technique. Frighteningly fun and delicious. Thanks again Chef John! Turned out wonderful for my first meatloaf! "*) Crowd pleaser"*)! Highly recommend making this one "*)! This is the best meatloaf I have ever had and it has gotten rave reviews every time! Fantastic The meatloaf itself was very good. I followed the directions exactly.The bacon however did not cook well especially when one layer was on top of another. If I were to make it in the future I would not add the bacon. Did not change a thing. Delicious! I thought it was good and loved making it with my grandchildren.
