Sheet Pan Chicken Meal
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261193/sheet-pan-chicken-meal/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place chicken breasts in the middle of a rimmed sheet pan. Add green beans on one side and potatoes on the other. Pour melted butter over everything and sprinkle with Italian dressing mix. Cover with aluminum foil. Bake in the preheated oven until chicken is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 60 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
This was good, and super simple. I think I will try marinating the chicken breasts in italian dressing next time though, as I found them bland with just the butter and dry dressing seasoning. This recipe was just "ok."  I think the chicken needed more seasoning and the veggies needed something different, as everything having the same italian seasoning made it overall bland.  I also should have sliced my chicken breasts lengthwise or pounded them down for more even cooking.  The recipe should have called for that and then reduced cooking time, as parts of my chicken were overcooked. This was so simple and delicious.  I am sharing the recipe with everyone. Quick, easy.  Used olive oil instead of butter, and Italian dressing mix.  Still could have used more spice. The chicken came out over cooked and was very bland. Potatoes were okay. Switched out beans for broccoli which was okay. Overall boring meal This recipe is sooo easy and absolutely delicious! Delicious I cooked this dish having never before cooked anything in an oven outside of frozen pizza, though I do have a lot of experience with stove top cooking and stir fry. I found the directions very easy to follow and the short list of ingredients easy to work with, and overall was thrilled with the results I got. However, I forgot to season the chicken before wrapping it up (also I was an idiot and bought Italian dressing instead of dressing mix), so I put some Cajun seasoning on it after it came out and it still turned out pretty awesome. This overall is a good recipe with a couple of tweaks. First be sure to salt and pepper your chicken, I also use a little garlic powder as well. If you have time sear then chicken on both sides, browned chicken breasts looks more appealing and it locks in some juices. Second, I always be sure to put in 1/2 the potatoes & green beans and then sprinkle them with some seasoning pack, if I don’t only the top of the potatoes and green beans are getting seasoning. Then I add the rest, sprinkle with the rest of the seasoning and a cube of butter. Turns out great! i have made this many times always turns out good.  i did try ranch dress once but didn't care for that as much.
