Kisses Peppermint Brownie Drops
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261175/kisses-peppermint-brownie-drops/
Stir together brownie mix, cocoa, and crushed peppermint candies in a large bowl. Add contents of syrup pouch, water, egg, and oil, beating until well blended. Refrigerate until firm enough to roll, about 1 hour. Heat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a cookie sheet with parchment paper or lightly grease. Remove wrappers from candies. Shape dough into 1-inch balls. Roll balls in powdered sugar and place on prepared cookie sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until set, 9 to 11 minutes. Cool for 2 minutes. Press candy piece into the center of each cookie. Slide parchment paper and cookies to a wire rack or remove cookies from cookie sheet to a wire rack. Cool completely.
Wonderful best thing I have ever had. I had a 22oz box of brownie mix with chocolate chunks I wanted to use up, so I made these and they were a huge hit! I put the crushed peppermints in them along with about 1/2tsp peppermint extract and didn’t put anything on top of them (but the powdered sugar) and they were FABULOUS! I’ll definitely be making these again Made no changes EXCEPT instead of plain chocolate Kisses. I used the chocolate peppermint truffle Kisses as well as the red and white peppermint ones... This is so easy and the cookies are delicious. Only issues were they flattened out more than pictured and the melting of the kisses when put on to soon. OTHERWISE FANTASTIC I made these for our New Year’s Eve get-together. Everyone loved them!! And the best part is that they were easy to make but looked like These cookies did not last long on the Christmas eve dessert table. The downfall I had was that if they cooled to much it was hard for me to put the kisses into them, if it was to soon they melted so very quickly.  Although I did enjoy them melted down  into the cookies for me it let the flavors mix together a bit better. These are now a family favorite! Loved these little gems! So easy to make. The brownie mix with syrup that I found was a 22 oz. package so I measured my mix to make sure I used the amount called for in the recipe. If you can't find the mix with syrup just use syrup. Delicious! Easy to bake, pretty, and tasty! These are so delish and easy to make! I modified it a little. I bought the brownie mix that has chocolate chips, not syrup, so I added one more tablespoon water and oil to replace the syrup. I also did not put the crushed candy in there, thought it would be too much peppermint.  I’m on my 5th batch bc everyone loves them! Makes about 20 cookies per batch.
