Velveting Chicken Breast, Chinese Restaurant Style
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261452/velveting-chicken-breast-chinese-restaurant-style/
Whisk together egg white, vinegar, cornstarch, and salt in a large bowl until smooth. Add sliced chicken; mix to coat thoroughly. Cover with plastic wrap and marinate in the refrigerator for 30 minutes. Bring water and oil to a boil in a pot over high heat. Reduce heat to medium. Remove chicken from the marinade and shake off excess; discard remaining marinade. Add chicken to boiling water and cook until just white on the outside but not completely cooked through, about 1 minute. Drain chicken and finish cooking in a hot oiled wok or skillet until no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, or store parboiled chicken in the refrigerator in a sealed container until ready to use, up to a few hours.
I am wondering why someone would rate this recipe without trying it first. I tried this for the first time and it came out perfect. One of the reviewers said that the directions were incomplete?? Another one said that it came out chewy ? Hmmmm, i guess it depends how Long you have been cooking :) Anyways, I really enjoyed this recipe and will definitely do it every time I make a stir fry thank you !! If the chicken came out tough, your wok was probably not hot enough. Also par-boil any veggies first. Now you have equalized the cooking time of all your ingredients. My stir-fry for two people takes only a few minutes. Ya I don’t get it people giving bad reviews without trying or changing the whole recipe and then not liking it. I’ve made this exact to the recipe and loved the way it came out. So I looked up the recipe again so I can make it for my stir fry tonight. I will sometimes pound the chicken slices out a little with a meat mallet, before adding to the merinade. VICTORIA here, I shared the technique. I've read all the reviews and will add some tips that might help. I've substituted the oil, salt, and vinegar with no change ro the end product.Rinse, dry, then put the chicken breast in the freezer for about 15 minutes  or so. It firms it up so you can cut it into the thin strips we all love in our take-out. After the 1 MINUTE in water,  drain and dry on paper towels. Wet proteins will steam but never brown. Add the chicken to an oiled high temp at the last moments before you make the sauce. This technique works well with beef also. I hope this helps! There are several velveting techniques online. If this one isn't for you, look them up. But it's never failed for me. I think this helped a little to keep the chicken from drying out too much, but it, by no means,  would I consider it moist....I was also careful not to over cook the chicken, to be sure I could tell if it helped. I can't believe how easy and tasty this is!  Just made it for a stir fry and it was perfect! I tried it with pork slices.  Also used regular canola oil instead of peanut.  Usually the pork comes out dryer and overdone when I fry the slices but after the velveting they were moist and not hard.  Next time I'll try it with beef strips and if it works, hubby will finally quit telling me "not to overcook them". Never fails. Worked great
