Easy One-Pan Pork and Squash Dinner
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261598/easy-one-pan-pork-and-squash-dinner/
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Grease a rimmed 13x18-inch baking sheet with cooking spray. Whisk 1 tablespoon olive oil, honey, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon sage, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in a bowl. Place tenderloin on the prepared baking sheet; rub honey mixture onto pork. Mix butternut squash, apples, and onion in a bowl; drizzle with remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon sage, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper; toss until well coated. Place around pork tenderloin. Bake in the preheated oven until vegetables are tender and pork is cooked, 30 to 35 minutes; baste pork with honey mixture several times during roasting. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of the pork should read at least 145 degrees F (63 degrees C).
I love one pan dinners, and this one is no exception! The flavors of the squash, apple, and onion really complement each other well. I was worried about the sage, but it was delicious on the vegetables as well as the pork. This is a company worthy dinner that is so easy to make. I made this for dinner last night for company and was very disappointed.  I'd love to know what I did wrong.  Neither the pork or the squash had much flavor.  :  ( Wonderful flavors. This is a great way to cook the butternut squash from my garden and little apples from my neighbor’s tree. I made this recipe almost as written except that I pierced the tenderloin and added small garlic slices and I added crushed garlic to my honey-oil mixture.  I made one batch of the honey mixture and used it first on the tenderloin and the remainder was used to toss the veggies in.  Both my husband and I liked this very much.  Next time I make it, I will add pineapple to the veggies and may use just a bit more honey as we really didn't notice that taste as much as we would have liked.  The pork was perfectly cooked and tender.  I will definitely make this again. This recipe is so simple to make - and it's flawless! I didn't change a thing, and don't think I'll change anything when I make it next time, either. Wait - I may make my apple slices a bit wider so they're not completely mushy. :) The pork stayed moist and tender, though, and that was key to a "keeper" of a recipe! Very good pork tenderloin.  Only changes I made, make the marinade for pork (as well as added 6 cloves garlic minced) and allowed it to sit in resealable bag for 8 - 10 hours, also did the same for veggies with 2 large carrots joining them.  This is going to be an addition to the menu schedule. This is surprisingly yummy! Lots of flavor.  I used a pork roast and it works great. Fantastic and so easy.be careful not to overcook. I love one pan dinners, and this one is no exception! The flavors of the squash, apple, and onion really complement each other well. I was worried about the sage, but it was delicious on the vegetables as well as the pork. This is a company worthy dinner that is so easy to make.
