Easy Vegan Sheet Pan Roasted Cauliflower, Tomatoes, and Garbanzo Beans
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261608/easy-vegan-sheet-pan-roasted-cauliflower-tomatoes-and-garbanzo-beans/
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and grease with cooking spray. Combine olive oil, garlic, salt, and pepper in a bowl. Add cauliflower, tomatoes, and garbanzo beans; toss until well coated. Spread in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet. Add lime wedges. Roast in the preheated oven until vegetables are caramelized, about 25 minutes. Remove lime wedges and top with fresh cilantro.
Loved it! Tasted great and made a quick, healthy weeknight dinner. I did make a few changes based on the ingredients I had,and my oven. I baked it at 425 because my gas oven runs hot. I used lemon wedges instead of lime, and sliced scallions (greens only) instead of cilantro. I added some fresh broccoli florets and before baking topped it all with sliced sweet Italian chicken sausage. Before the last 5 minutes of baking, I sprinkled on some parmesan cheese. Made as directed. But didn't add much salt, and didn't measure amount of cauliflower. Used a whole head. Used garbanzo beans that I cooked from dried rather than a can. Oh, I didn't have lime. Added feta cheese before eating. Cooked at 425. Stirred once during roast. Very nice. I love the flavors ands it’s so easy to make. I followed some reviews and used a whole  head of cauliflower, substituted with sun dried tomatoes, and used 2Tbs oil and used 2 cans of garbanzo/chickpeas.  It made left overs for the next night.  It was delicious! It was nice to try a side dish that was a little different than the usual. It's not "impressive" but it was easy. I baked the dish at 400 degrees for 30 minutes. I was surprised by how flavorful it was for such a simple meal. It met all my criteria for a great work lunch - healthy, light (yet filling), quick, and easy. I used fresh baby carrots instead of the beans and spiced with no salt spice. I added another tablespoon of oil. It was delicious. I liked it!  I made a few changes based on what I had:  frozen cauliflower, lemon instead of lime, sun-dried tomatoes instead of fresh.  I didn't have tarragon so used cumin, chives, basil and thyme.  I will definitely make it again using the ingredients listed. This was amazing!  I was cautiously optimistic about this recipe but was blown away by how easy and delicous it was.  The only change I made was to add sugar snap peas (not sure if I'll do that next time) and kolrabi because I had them.  Definitely recommend! Delicious! Good recipe, but 450 for 25 minutes is way too long. I did 10 min @ 400 then 5 min @ 450 and the cauliflower and tomatoes were  mush.
