Sheet Pan Lemon Butter Garlic Shrimp with Asparagus
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261600/sheet-pan-lemon-butter-garlic-shrimp-with-asparagus/
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a rimmed 9x12-inch baking pan with parchment paper and grease with cooking spray. Place asparagus on the prepared baking pan and drizzle with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Sprinkle with garlic, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper; toss until well coated. Arrange asparagus in a single layer. Bake in the preheated oven until slightly tender, about 6 minutes. Remove from oven and place shrimp on one side of the pan. Drizzle with remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon pepper, and smoked paprika; toss until well coated. Place shrimp in a single layer next to the asparagus. Top asparagus and shrimp with cubed butter. Roast in the preheated oven until shrimp is opaque, about 6 minutes. Remove pan from oven and drizzle with lemon juice.
Super easy to prepare and because it uses staples from my cupboard didn't require an extra grocery trip for seasonings in our COVID-19 world. I cut all ingredients in half since I was only making this for two. Delish with asparagus fresh from our garden! This was delicious!  I made Jasmine rice as a side dish and it soaked the goodness up!It was quick and easy to make. the shrimp came out perfectly, although they did need some additional time in the oven.  However, don't even think about putting the asparagus in w/ the shrimp as they will never get done!  12 min at 400 isn't nearly enough time for any but the most tender stalks.  great idea for a one pan meal (unless you're doing noodle to go w/ the shrimp), but it just doesn't work.  Great flavor though so just 4 stars. It called for a teaspoon of paprika for1 1/2 lbs of shrimp. I would use less paprika. I only had a pound of shrimp.Recipe called for a pinch of black pepper divided. In directions it says 1/2 teaspoon for asparagus and 1/2 teaspoon for shrimp. That’s not a pinch. When a recipe is submitted the cook should reread entire recipe so everything agrees. This could be confusing to us amateurs. It was meh... I don't think I'd make it again but thank you very much for the recipe. My daughter and I enjoyed the meal very much!! Was good but takes more like half a sheet pan not a little 9x12 with everything in a single layer I depend a lot on the reviews when trying new dishes.  It would be really helpful if reviewers would really read and understand the recipe before giving their opinion.  No where in this recipe did it say to cook the shrimp for 12 minutes. Read people read.We need a Thumbs Down button.Can't wait to try this. Needs more flavor. If I make it again, ncrieasing the paprika slightly, adding  a little white wine, and decreasing the lemon juice slightly would be preferable for our taste.
