Chef John's Sweet Potato Biscuits
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261792/chef-johns-sweet-potato-biscuits/
Cut sweet potato in half lengthwise. Cut each in half again lengthwise, then in half cross-wise. Cut each piece in half to make about 16 evenly sized chunks. Transfer into pot; cover with water and add salt. Bring to a simmer on high heat; reduce heat to medium-low and cook until potatoes are tender, about 17 minutes. Drain thoroughly; return to pot and mash potatoes. You will need 1 1/2 cups mashed sweet potatoes. Cool thoroughly. Transfer cooled mashed potatoes to a mixing bowl. Add brown sugar and buttermilk. Mix together until well combined. Place self-rising flour in a separate mixing bowl. Grate frozen butter into flour, tossing with a fork to coat with flour after each addition of about 1/3 to 1/2 stick. This will prevent butter from clumping. Mixture should look like floury pieces of butter. Add sweet potato mixture. Toss with a fork until evenly distributed, but don't overmix. Transfer mixture onto a lightly floured work surface. Push and press mixture together into a rectangular shape, about 1 1/2 inches thick. Dough will be floury and a bit crumbly. Fold rectangle into thirds, lifting up one-third and folding onto the middle and doing the same with the other side. Dust with a bit of flour if sticking. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line a rimmed baking sheet with a silicone mat. Press dough into a rectangle again, about 1 inch thick. Repeat the tri-fold step. Press out into a rectangle, about 1 inch thick. Trim off the rough edges to square off the sides; this will maximize rising. Cut into 8 equal portions. Transfer to prepared baking pan, spacing biscuits evenly. Brush tops lightly with 1 tablespoon melted butter. Bake in preheated oven until browned, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool slightly before serving. Mix 4 tablespoons butter (room temperature), pomegranate syrup, and pomegranate juice together in a small bowl. Spread on warm biscuits. Sprinkle with a few pomegranate seeds for garnish.
This recipe is a show stopper. Follow it exactly. There used to be a video. It was extremely helpful. These biscuits come out moist and delicious and are perfect for leftovers ham cranberry and dressing sandwiches at thanksgiving First time making sweet potato biscuits and they were wonderful!! My family and friends loved them as well. Thank you Chef John…🙃 These were tasty to the extreme. I recommend them to anyone seeking delicious food. I paired them with some vegetarian chili. They were a little bit more labor intensive compared to other carb-side options such as cornbread but well worth the effort. These also require a bit of preplanning to ensure ingredients are cooled properly in time for the final pre-baking steps. Again, well worth the effort! It's nearing summer in Brazil, sweet potatoes are not in season, so I used mandioquinhas instead. And I used coconut milk instead of buttermilk, which isn't easy to find around here no matter the season. Grating frozen butter was not easy in this heat, I had to be really quick so the pieces wouldn't melt in my hand, and I ended up bruising my fingers badly. The results were totally worth it, though. My whole family loved it. Will try again when winter comes, this time with actual sweet potatoes. The best thing about these biscuits. . . Heating them up and smearing them with butter and honey for breakfast the next day! I never worry that a Chef John recipe is going to be less than perfect, and this one is a case in point. Minor adjustments I made: I increased the amounts by 50%; I made ersatz buttermilk with whole milk and lemon juice; I followed John's instructions on making self-rising flour; and I skipped the pomegranate spread. Froze most of the yield to be brought out on Christmas. Really delicious recipe, John! Really liked this recipe!  Made it as mini size and probably won't do that again.  It was good, but lost some of the "biscuit" texture.  I made it as is, but w/o the pomegranate butter.  My office loved them!  Plan to make again and might up the sweet potato & add some cinn/sugar topping, just cause I love it! Two words, Da bomb!!  Made no changes to the recipe.  That being said, we did not make the Pomegranate Spread.  And yes, we will make these again and again! Made this recipe as written......it is phenomenal!! This recipe is a show stopper. Follow it exactly. There used to be a video. It was extremely helpful. These biscuits come out moist and delicious and are perfect for leftovers ham cranberry and dressing sandwiches at thanksgiving
