Creamy Vegan Butternut Squash Soup 
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261700/vegan-butternut-squash-soup-with-ginger-apple-and-coconut-milk/
Heat oil in a large pot over low heat. Add onion and ginger; cook and stir until soft and translucent without browning onion, about 10 minutes. Add butternut squash and carrot; cook and stir, about 3 minutes. Add apple and cook for 2 minutes. Pour in broth, increase heat to medium, and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer until vegetables are soft, about 20 minutes. Puree soup with an immersion blender until smooth. Puree soup with an immersion blender until smooth. Pour in coconut milk and season with salt and pepper. Add lemon juice and maple syrup; stir until heated through, 2 to 3 minutes.
Loved it! My first time trying it bc we love Panera’s version but I can’t eat dairy. Not vegan.Couple mods: I didn’t have an apple so I added 2-3 carrots. I also used leftover chicken and beef broth. Added 1/4 tsp nutmeg, cinnamon, salt and pepper. Blended and added canned coconut milk. Delish! I still can’t believe it came out that good on my first try! Will definitely make again. Loved it! My first time trying it bc we love Panera’s version but I can’t eat dairy. Not vegan.Couple mods: I didn’t have an apple so I added 2-3  carrots. I also used leftover chicken and beef broth. Added 1/4 tsp nutmeg, cinnamon, salt and pepper. Blended and added canned coconut milk. Delish! I still can’t believe it came out that good on my first try! Will definitely make again. Made it last night, added rotisserie chicken at the end (so much for being vegan) and it was absolutely amazing!! My husband is leery about trying anything new, but he loved it! Will definitely a regular dinner dish for us. This was a lovely soup. I didn't follow the directions exactly as posted. I didn't have vegetable broth and not being vegan I used chicken broth as well as added a second apple and carrot.  Still it turned out beautifully and will be in my 'go to' list for winter soups. Loved it, as did my vegan guests. I amped up the onion and the ginger.  Garnished with toasted cashew pieces and sliced avocados. Super smooth and tasty soup, it was easy to make and kept in the fridge for a few days. I loved this soup! The ginger, coconut and the lemon juice really make it punchy and bright, while the butternut, carrot and apple are such classic flavours together. I only had coconut cream on hand (not milk) and used half a can with creamy results. I also added garlic and a few spices - thyme, sage, and cayenne. Will be making this soup regularly! Delicious! Served with a couple drops of truffle oil and it took the soup to next level! Thank you for sharing it. I think next time I make this, I will try it before adding the coconut milk. I don't know if coconut milk is supposed to be slightly lumpy, but it changed the appearance of the soup which put me off. It tasted good though. I used just a little ginger like someone else said and a splash of lemon juice. It turned out amazing! I'll be making this one again!
