Cheesy Bacon Slider Bake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261773/cheesy-bacon-slider-bake/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13-inch baking pan. Place rolls, without separating them, on a flat work surface. Cut in half horizontally. Arrange bottom half in the prepared pan. Sprinkle 1 cup Cheddar cheese on top. Bake in the preheated oven until cheese is melted, 3 to 5 minutes. Cook and stir beef and onion in a skillet until beef is browned, 5 to 8 minutes. Drain grease. Stir in tomatoes, 1 1/2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 1/2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, salt, and pepper. Cook until fully combined, 1 to 2 minutes. Spoon beef mixture over rolls. Sprinkle remaining 1 cup Cheddar cheese and bacon on top. Cover with top half of rolls. Combine butter, brown sugar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, and 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce in a microwave-safe bowl. Cover and microwave on high until butter is melted, about 1 minute. Stir until blended and pour over rolls. Sprinkle sesame seeds on top. Bake in the preheated oven, uncovered, until golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes.
This was great! I used diced tomatoes with green chiles and King’s Hawaiian Savory Butter rolls. The glaze added enough sweetness that I didn’t feel the sweet rolls were needed. You’ll need about half of the glaze is all. I also cooked the onions with some diced garlic in the same pan I cooked the bacon in, then added the beef to brown. Served four of us and we were stuffed. These are GREAT and super easy! The glaze really makes the dish. Made it just like the recipe and it's been a hit every time! Yummy! Fantastic! I made these for a potluck and everyone loved them. I followed the recipe exactly. Since I was making them ahead of time, I assembled the sliders and wrapped them up. Then when I got to the party, I added the glaze and baked them. Just keep an eye on them when baking, because the glaze can burn if left in too long. I did like someone's suggestion of putting them on hamburger buns for a full meal. I might try that next time. Made these for our card playing group and they were a hit. Next time i am using hamburgers buns and feeding them to my family as a main dish. I agree the Kings Hawaiian rolls are a bit too sweet. I make these sliders frequently. They are so good and just the right size. I don't use the sesame seeds, but I don't think the flavor suffers any. Love that these refrigerate and reheat OK because I always make extra. it turned out  good I will make them again These are delicious! I used King’s Hawaiian Savory Butter rolls after reading previous comment. They were perfect. Going to make more for my Bible study group when I'm bringing treats.  Think I might freeze some for later snacks. These were good! I did use a different brand slider bun because the Hawaiian are a little too sweet for us. I made a different recipe earlier in the week and there wasn't enough glaze and the preparation for it was a hassle. The ingredient amounts are spot on in this recipe. The one change I might make next time is to use picante sauce instead of diced tomatoes. If you were to make these for a party, I guarantee you they won't last long. This was great! I used diced tomatoes with green chiles and King’s Hawaiian Savory Butter rolls. The glaze added enough sweetness that I didn’t feel the sweet rolls were needed. You’ll need about half of the glaze is all. I also cooked the onions with some diced garlic in the same pan I cooked the bacon in, then added the beef to brown. Served four of us and we were stuffed. This was great! I used diced tomatoes with green chiles and King’s Hawaiian Savory Butter rolls. The glaze added enough sweetness that I didn’t feel the sweet rolls were needed. You’ll need about half of the glaze is all. I also cooked the onions with some diced garlic in the same pan I cooked the bacon in, then added the beef to brown. Served four of us and we were stuffed.
