Instant Pot Vegan Cabbage Detox Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261823/instant-pot-vegan-cabbage-detox-soup/
Combine cabbage, vegetable broth, diced tomatoes, carrots, celery, onion, garlic, vinegar, lemon juice, and sage in a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot). otdash Meredith Food Studio Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set the timer for 15 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. otdash Meredith Food Studio Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, 10 to 40 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Make it even better, as a Balkan and East European flavor, by creating a roux of paprika and vegetable oil. Make it just like a flour based roux except use GOOD quality paprika and veg oil. Heat the about 1 or 2 tablespoons of veg oil, when it's hot not burning, add a tablespoon or two or paprika and cook it a bit to let the paprika release it's flavorful oils. As your cabbage stew is simmering and hot add the paprika roux. If it sizzles in the stew when added, then that's a great sign. Stir the roux into the stew and it's done! The added flavor makes cabbage stew even BETTER. I prefer sweet red or lightly hot paprika in this stew. Smoked paprika is good too, but I prefer the straighter sweet style. NOTE: We make a a very similar cabbage stew in both vegetarian and with meat, usually pork. We don't use a pressure cooker, just a smaller stock pot, bring all the ingredients to a rapid boil, then turn the heat down to a sturdy simmer until the cabbage is tender. To me fresh cabbage stew smells great. I've made it using sauerkraut cabbage, and that one is a bit smellier. :) I prefer the sweeter taste of fresh cabbage in this stew. I love this recipe. I stir in 2 cans of drained corn at the end. When I reheat the leftovers, I add either some Costco frozen Italian meatballs (about 5 per person) or Costco frozen chicken wontons (about 8 per person) to add protein to the soup. It makes for a great lunch. I cook soup like my mother did in the 60's.  I know how to adjust cooking times, etc.  Sauteed the Mara pois of carrots, onion & celery.  My vegetarian twist was vegetable broth, not chicken.  Three-four drops of liquid smoke.  A nice dash of Zaatar seasoning, bit of salt...Alas, I do not like garlic, so there was that omission...yes, make it your "own"!   Simmer to slightly reduce.  Great recipe to follow, thank you! I also added caraway seed, fresh sage,  collard, and Yukon potato. Delish! Good I love this recipe — dunno anything about it being for detox so I just ignore that part - & I make it on the stove with a few mods:• Reduce Apple cider to 1 tablespoon• Increase Lemon to 2 tablespoons• Sauté the onions a bit first before adding to the soup!• Add kidney beans• Add red pepper flakes, Ms.Dash, Paprika, Black pepper, & sometimes I stir in fresh baby spinach at the end.- You really can’t screw this up! A great soup to start the process of knocking off the pounds gained by overindulging all summer! Quick and easy to make and as a bonus tastes delicious! The soup was very hearty. I will make it again, next time I will only use 1 Tablespoon apple cider vinegar and omit the lemon juice. It was a bit much for my taste. Not bad  but not super delicious. Followed the recipe except no celery. The apple cider vinegar taste was probably what prevented a higher rating. Liked the vinegar and lemon in it. I used up more cabbage so added an extra in tomato- a can of V 8! .. one entire onion and some anti-inflammatory spices.  Next time I will add meat (no longer "detox" then right?)  Nonetheless, it's all good.
