Chef John's Butternut Bisque
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262044/chef-johns-butternut-bisque/
Melt butter in a pot over medium-low heat. Add onions and a large pinch of salt. Cook and stir until onions have softened but not taken on any color, about 10 or 15 minutes. Cut off ends of squash. Carefully cut squash in half lengthwise and remove the seeds. Peel the squash with a vegetable peeler. Cut into chunks. Raise heat under the pot to medium-high. Stir in tomato paste; cook and stir until mixture begins to caramelize and turn brown, about 2 minutes. Add squash, chicken broth, 1 teaspoon salt, and cayenne pepper. Bring to a simmer; reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until squash is very tender, 15 to 25 minutes. Reduce heat to low. Blend with an immersion blender until very smooth. Stir in cream and maple syrup; add more salt if needed. Ladle into serving bowls. Garnish with a swirl of cream, and a sprinkle of chives and pomegranate seeds.
I made this for a Super Bowl gathering. I made this and two other soups. I should have just made this one - it disappeared in a hurry and our guests wanted copies of the recipe before they left our house! I made it straight up according to the recipe and wouldn't really change anything. The cayenne does give it some zip, so if you're not into spices you may prefer a tamer version. It's not burn your mouth spicy, but there's definitely a kick. I can't wait to make it again.Safety tip: Don't put the squash peelings in the disposal. I thought I was fine, but ended up with a majorly clogged sink. Rookie mistake on my part. Best soup ever!  I'm making it again today and it is absolutely my favorite soup.  The carmellized tomato paste and the maple syrup just make this a mouthful of wonder.  Chef John was even more Genius John on this one than usual. This was a smash hit at my house. Used about a half teaspoon of maple syrup and three heaping tablespoons of heavy cream.  I didn't roast it and loved how it turned out. Definitely a keeper! I made this last night for a carry in soup lunch today. I saved back a little cream and broth in case it’s thickened. I opted to roast the squash since I had time (added a large carrot like his other recipe for the same dish - I imagine it adds a bit more depth and sweetness) and it is delicious!! I will definitely make it again. If you haven’t seen his other recipe, I’d check it out too. Oh, my, Gosh! Fantastic! I roasted the squash because I was wanting this as a main dish. I cut the recipe in half but followed it except didn't add the maple syrup as it was plenty sweet and rich. Will make again, and again. Topped with chives, creme and croutons. I did roast the squash first and everyone loved the richer flavor. Loved this recipe. I also roast the butternut squash for more flavor  and of course saved the seeds to roast also. I save the leftover squash and freeze it in small amounts for our dog. He loves it added to his dinner. Vet says good fiber and lots of vitamins. Served this last Thanksgiving. It was so well received, I barely had to wash dishes! My guests loved it! I followed the recipe as written and wouldn't change a thing. This was an easy and delicious soup. Thank you Chef John for another excellent recipe. Quick & easy.  Love all your recipes, Chef John. The best!  I have an excess of butternut squash in my garden.  I will make this bisque and portion it out in individual servings and freeze it.
