Green Beans and Ham
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262018/green-beans-and-ham/
Place ham steak, potatoes, green beans, onion, and butter in a large pot with just enough water to cover. Season with salt and pepper; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until potatoes are tender, about 20 minutes.
1.14.18 I ate a lot of this as a kid growing up in the Midwest and still enjoy it today. Didn’t measure, just eyeballed everything, but cut back on the butter which is something I’ve never included before. Our family always added corn, so I did throw in a handful of frozen Birdseye® Baby Gold & White Corn. Also, since ham is loaded with sodium, I didn't add any salt, but did season with pepper toward the end of cooking. For me, this is just good, old-fashioned comfort food, and I always serve it with cornbread and a garnish of freshly-chopped onions. I have eaten this recipe all my life but have never used butter to make it.  We add a some vinegar to the cooking water and a LOT of black pepper.   My family adds vinegar to satisfy their own tastes when served.  Best eaten with thick slabs of bread heavy on the butter.  Can you tell I live in Pennsylvania Dutch country? This was awso.e so were the left overs This was a crowd pleaser for my picky family. Used a little chicken stock instead of water/butter. Also cooked it in Instapot. Super easy, super tasty! Excellent! Made it exactly as written and it was quite bland. If I had to do it again I would do something to add flavor like garlic and herbs and use a thickening agent to make a gravy . It was just potatoes, meat and vegetables in a watery sauce.  Nothing special. YUMMY! No changes made.Perfect recipe... Didn't need anything else except homemade biscuts 1.14.18  I ate a lot of this as a kid growing up in the Midwest and still enjoy it today.  Didn’t measure, just eyeballed everything, but cut back on the butter which is something I’ve never included before.  Our family always added corn, so I did throw in a handful of frozen Birdseye® Baby Gold & White Corn.  Also, since ham is loaded with sodium, I didn't add any salt, but did season with  pepper toward the end of cooking.   For me, this is just good, old-fashioned comfort food, and I always serve it with cornbread and a garnish of freshly-chopped onions. This was an easy recipe - on the table in less than an hour with prep and cooking.  Definitely a comfort food recipe - no salt added or needed
