Sheet Pan Salmon and Bell Pepper Dinner
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262162/sheet-pan-salmon-and-bell-pepper-dinner/
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Grease a sheet pan with 2 tablespoons olive oil. Place salmon fillets, red and yellow bell peppers, and onion on the prepared sheet pan. Combine lemon juice, 3 tablespoons olive oil, water, maple syrup, garlic, salt, red pepper flakes, cumin, and parsley in a small bowl. Drizzle 2/3 of the sauce over the ingredients on the sheet pan. Bake in the preheated oven until salmon is cooked through and flakes easily with a fork, 10 to 15 minutes. Serve with lemon slices and remaining sauce.
I didn't have red pepper flakes so used Chipolte spice, used dry parsley flakes, didn't use onion, added zucchini slices. I'm cooking at 9700 ft, altitude, it took about 20 min. Beautiful, will do again, too salty..... maybe the added spice. The zucchini was a great addition. Delicious! We didn't have parsley so substituted dill and cut out the water in the sauce. It was so delicious! This was an easy, delicious recipe. The peppers were roasted perfectly, which really brought out the sweetness. I was out of onion, so I just left it out. The salmon was moist and flaky. The sauce was pretty flavorful with quite a kick from the red pepper flakes. We had it with rice and it made for a wonderful meal. Salmon Excellence!My husband particularly loved the flakiness of the baked salmon with the crunchiness of the onions and bell peppers.I especially enjoyed the bright flavor that the lemon juice brought, and the eye-catching colors of the peppers added to this dish.Baking salmon with the vegetables and the sauce on top created a steamy, flaky, yummy goodness and we couldn’t get enough of.It’s a bit garlic forward, so next time I might use less garlic, roasted garlic or sauté it first in butter and/or oil.Slight changes I made were:  cooked on parchment paper lined sheet pan, added yellow bell pepper too, minced the garlic, cooked for 11 minutes then turned the oven off and left the sheet pan in for an additional 4-5 minutes. I thought it was totally tasteless despite all the ingredients for the sauce.  I tasted it before pouring over the fish and veggies and decided to add some more zip, I added some soy sauce, orange juice and lime juice. It still couldn’t be saved. We love the combination of flavors in this recipe. It's a new and easy favorite. I added asparagus to make it a complete meal and did not serve it over rice. The sauce, peppers, and salmon go very well with asparagus. Also, I used 2 tsp of red pepper flakes as we like spice, used spray shortening vs olive oil on the pan, omitted the water in the sauce, used all of the sauce over the ingredients in the sheet pan, used 1+ lb of salmon, baked it for 20 minutes, and didn't serve it with additional lemon as we found the sauce lemony enough on its own. Very flavorful, and delicious. The only change I made was using just 3/4 t red pepper flakes. I'm happy I did. It would have been too much for our wimpy palates. I will definitely make it again! I lowered the amount of chili flakes to 1 teaspoon and it was way too spicy for me.  I will make again with 1/2 teaspoon or less of the chili so that I can properly taste it. Cooked for 20 minutes to ensure that the vegetables were cooked. Really great! Even kids liked it I had concerns that the bell peppers wouldn't be as soft and well done as I like so I parboiled them for just 5-6 minutes first.  The peppers were so good!  The peppers that had fallen off the salmon and into the sauce on the baking sheet were extraordinary!  The next time, I make this recipe, I'm going to drench the peppers very thoroughly in the sauce before I put them on top of the salmon. I did cut back on the red pepper flakes.  This was the best salmon I've ever had in my life.
