Cast Iron Pan-Seared Steak (Oven-Finished)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262181/cast-iron-pan-seared-steak-oven-finished/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place steaks side by side in large casserole dish. Add orange juice, cider vinegar, and Worcestershire sauce. Marinate, uncovered, in the refrigerator for 45 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Remove casserole dish from refrigerator. Cover steaks with plastic wrap and let allow to come to room temperature, at least 15 minutes. Place steaks on a clean work surface and generously rub with steak seasoning and black pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat olive oil in a cast-iron skillet over high heat. Cook steaks in the hot skillet until lightly browned on the bottom, 2 ½ minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Flip and cook until browned on the other side and red in the center, about 2 minutes more. Transfer skillet with the steaks to the oven. Bake in the preheated oven until steaks are firm and reddish-pink to lightly pink in the center, 8 to 10 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read from 130 degrees F (54 degrees C) to 140 degrees F (60 degrees C). Remove steaks from oven; season with salt. Let rest for 5 minutes before serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio Enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO
This has been my go to when my husband goes out of town. I treat myself to a nice steak. I’m too intimidated by our massive grill. This way of cooking has become my favorite especially with the marinade I grew up with. OMG it’s amazing! 1/4 cup of the following... red wine vinegar, soy sauce, dale’s, and Worcestershire. And of course, salt,pepper, and garlic the steak! I’ve used this method several times. This time I used NY strips and just salt, pepper, and dried onion in the oven. To add some moisture I used garlic butter in the skillet while in the oven. I used butter instead of olive oil, and per the tip from Anonymous, I put the pan in the oven immediately after flipping the steaks, it came out perfectly. I also used @rennhr's tip and made au jus with butter and white wine. Great results. Delicious! Great alternative for grilling now that the weather is getting cooler. I added mushrooms to the skillet just before putting it into the oven. Otherwise,followed the recipe as written.  Served with sauteed asparagus and a baked potato. This was very good, great marinade!  Thank you ! When my husband says 'Home run honey' about a new recipe I try, it's definitely a keeper.  Easy and so, so tasty.  The recipe uses ingredients I always have on hand.  Another fun, delicious meal from my cast iron pan. Very tasty. Will keep in my recipes for sure. Ty! Too much salt! The Worcestershire sauce has salt in it, so I would not use too much on the outside. It comes down to a person's preferred taste. The cooking method is okay but I wasn't fond of the marinating process.  I felt it was a bit excessive. Overdone! 425 is too high I followed instructions with a filet mignon.  The steak got burnt because of the high setting and I was very careful to do 2&1/2minutes, 2 minutes on either side. What a waste of a steak. This is a wonderfully simple but fantastic steak. I’ll be saving this to my favorites. i omitted the ground coriander (lack of having any) and my oven cook time went to a 20-minute oven cook time for a 2# thick cut ribeye. otherwise, it was cooked as per recipe.  very good. a definite repeat recipe
