Spinach Mac And Cheese
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262377/spinach-mac-and-cheese/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13-inch baking dish with 1 teaspoon butter. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook elbow macaroni in the boiling water, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 8 minutes. Melt 3 tablespoons butter in a saucepan over medium heat while macaroni is cooking. Add flour and whisk until fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes. Pour in a little milk and continue whisking. Pour in remaining milk and add frozen spinach. Cook, whisking constantly, until spinach softens and sauce thickens, about 5 minutes. Remove sauce from heat and stir in 2 cups Cheddar cheese; whisk until melted. Season sauce with salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Drain macaroni and spread evenly in the prepared baking dish. Cover with cheese sauce. Mix well. Sprinkle remaining 1 cup Cheddar cheese on top. Bake in the preheated oven until cheese is melted, about 30 minutes. Turn on the oven's broiler and broil until a golden crust forms on top, about 3 minutes.
Adding the spinach to Mac and cheese, great idea! Loved it! Excellent recipe and step by step easy instructions. I added tuna, tasted great! I LOVE this recipe for my toddlers and me! They love it and get spinach without any complaint! I have made this recipe more for them than anything else-SO much better and healthier than a box of kraft! I love it too for me-I just add more salt to mine. Tasty! I only had half of the pasta but accidentally made a full batch of the sauce (and added some onion), so my mac 'n cheese was SUPER creamy, just the way I like it. This was awesome. I will definitely be making this again and again. At the time I'm writing this review, the recipe is rated halfway between 4 and 5, and that's what I'd give it if we could give half stars.  It offers a tasty, healthy twist on the old standby of mac and cheese.  I followed the recipe exactly, and it got very good reviews in our house.  When I reheated the leftovers, I sprinkled a little more cheddar cheese on top, and that seemed to make it even better.  I also think it would benefit from having some cheese layered inside the macaroni ... but that may just be nitpicking.  If you're undecided about whether to try this or not, do it.  It probably won't become your signature dish, but everyone will enjoy it. Followed the recipe.  Super easy and ymmy! Adding the spinach to Mac and cheese, great idea! Loved it! It seemed a little dry. I expected it to be creamier. Tastes good though!
