Double Chocolate Chip Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/26237/double-chocolate-chip-cookies/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease cookie sheets. LLRECIPES / VICTORIA JEMPT In a medium bowl, cream together the margarine, white sugar, and brown sugar until smooth. Beat in the eggs one at a time, then stir in the vanilla. LLRECIPES / VICTORIA JEMPT Sift in the flour, baking soda, salt, and cocoa powder; mix well. Stir in the chocolate chips LLRECIPES / VICTORIA JEMPT Roll tablespoonfuls of cookie dough into balls and place them 1 inch apart onto the prepared cookie sheets. LLRECIPES / VICTORIA JEMPT Bake for 8 to 10 minutes in the preheated oven. Allow cookies to cool on baking sheet for 2 minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely. LLRECIPES / VICTORIA JEMPT
This is the author of the recipe, I have noticed some of you had some problems with the cookies from postings on here. For one I use a little extra flour when I bake them also I always use tinfoil (shiny side down) when I bake them. The cookies are also better when you make bigger cookies, smaller cookies tend to be too hard. Hope that helps! Before making these cookies, I read the reviews and decided to reduce the sugar to 1 1/2 cups of white sugar instead of 1 cup white sugar and 1 cup brown sugar. I thought that using white sugar only, would ensure that the cookies would be crispy. Wrong. But I’m not a food scientist. They are good and chocolatey and will make them again. Maybe. These are soooooo good!!! I did follow the recommendations to increase the cocoa to 1/2C and to decrease the sugars to 3/4C each. I also added in some pecan pieces with the chocolate chips. These turned out nice and crispy on the edges and soft and chewy on the inside. Hands down one of the best cookie recipes I have ever made. Thank you for sharing, I will definitely make these again and again WOW!!!!! this is GOOD!!!!!!!!! (It was soooooooooooooo quick!!!!) I made these cookies and followed a lot of the tips listed above. I used butter, I decreased the two sugars from 1 cup each to 3/4 cup each, I increased the cocoa from 1/3 cup to 1/2 cup, and I refrigerated the dough for an hour before rolling into balls. They came out freaking amazing, lots of volume and amazing flavor without being too sweet. The only addition is I used Heath bits instead of chocolate chips which were fantastic! And definitely pull them out before you think they're ready, and let them continue to bake on the hot pan. They maintain their gooey centers that way. Enjoy!! I only added one cup of sugar (half brown, half white) and only two cups of chocolate chips. It was sweet enough for me. Surprised my husband with these, and he absolutely loved them.  He immediately packed some away to bring to work. I modified the recipe somewhat...no chilling the dough and 1/2 the amount of chocolate chips. I LOVE the way it turned out! I am giving them as gifts so I couldn't be happier with the results. Highly recommend this recipe. Perfect. The recipe easily cuts in half--which I like because I don't need a huge batch of cookies. I followed the recipe almost to the letter, I added just a scoche more cocoa powder. Wait for them to cool completely, they are too ooey and gooey when warm. My family absolutely loved these cookies.  I did make them with 1/2 cocoa powder as another reviewer suggested and used a variety of white and milk chocolate chips.  They came out like a brownie cookie.
