Easy Hand-Held Chicken Pot Pies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262493/easy-hand-held-chicken-pot-pies/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray a baking sheet with cooking spray. Pour mixed vegetables into a microwave-safe bowl. Add water. Heat in the microwave until warmed through, 1 to 3 minutes. Drain. Spray a skillet with cooking spray and heat over medium heat. Add onion and cook until soft, about 3 minutes. Add mixed vegetables, diced chicken, condensed soup, salt, and pepper. Cook and stir until filling is heated through, 3 to 5 minutes more. Open biscuits and flatten each circle out with your fingertips. Place a portion of filling on one half of a circle and fold the other half over. Press edges with a fork to seal closed. Place mini pie carefully onto the prepared baking sheet. Repeat with remaining biscuits and filling. Bake in the preheated oven until the outsides are golden, 30 to 35 minutes.
We really liked these. They were so simple to make and they really did taste like a pot pie! I added a little garlic powder salt and pepper to the filling and used cooked chicken that I already had in the freezer b/c I just can't do canned chicken, lol. I sprinkled some everything bagel seasoning on the top, which was a nice touch. The family liked these a lot, so I will be making them again! Thanks for sharing. :) Hand pies are definitely a learned skill, which I have evidently not mastered. They flavors are great and generally easy to make. It's the assembly that provides the challenge. A lot more mess then I expected. Mainly when putting chicken mix into each biscuit and sealing them. I also found it was so much easier when I rolled each biscuit with a little flour and rolling pen.I had two different biscuit flavors. One was buttermilk and the other butter flavor. For some reason it was easier rolling & sealing the butter flavor. It held up easier.I’ve only tried the buttermilk so far. Not a “wow” but it was okay. I think if I had taken the time and used chicken I could’ve cooked rather then canned, and added a little more salt & pepper, it would’ve helped. I didn’t add salt because I was afraid the canned chicken would’ve been too salty.Thank you for sharing. Done correct there great.1st. Roll out dough to about the size of a dinner plate.2nd. Brush 1/2 the inside with garlic butter but not on the edges.3rd.use what ever filling you desire.note; use butter sugarand cinnamon and fill with diced par.cooked apples or cherries.4th.after filled and half rolled up brush edges with water and use toothpick to punch some holes to vent.I make these for breakfast,lunch an dinner.just use your imagination and watch the cook times they'll differ.enjoy my friends. Good, used leftover turkey instead of chicken. I added sour cream instead of cream of chicken soup, then put in long grain & wild rice with it.  The taste made up for the fact that I couldn't get the dough to work for me....... It was very tasty my sister loved it These are great but just make sure to really stretch out the biscuit dough, or whatever you are using to put the filling in,  so you are getting enough filling in. Great make ahead tasty treat to keep frozen until needed. I liked this recipe. I made half the recipe and ended up with technically 18 hand pies. It was a mistake of mine as I let the biscuit dough out of the fridge for too long. However, as I made the hand pies I figured out the issue many people complain about: putting in the proper amount of filling. My advise is simple: Use about a teaspoon per biscuit. You will be able to close each pie without trouble. Also, sprinkle some flour to a rolling pin and the surface where you will roll the biscuits. This will also help you to figure out how big of a circle you will have to roll the biscuit to have no issues at the time of sealing the hand pie. My only problem was with the baking time. Next time I will just bake them for about 20 minutes or as soon as I see them getting golden I might just leave them 5 more minutes and will take them out of the oven. Mine came out too browned using the lower baking time and a light colored baking sheet. For some reason my oven burned the pies a bit despite the thermometer reading of 350F.
