Instant Pot Navy Bean and Ham Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262468/instant-pot-navy-bean-and-ham-soup/
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot) and select Sauté function. Heat olive oil in the pot; add celery, carrot, onion, and garlic. Cook, stirring occasionally, until onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Turn off Sauté mode. Stir chicken broth, beans, paprika, and thyme into vegetables in the pot. Close and lock the lid; move the valve to Sealing. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set the timer for 34 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Select Cancel/Keep Warm when cooking is done. Release pressure for 10 minutes using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions. Move the valve to Venting and release remaining pressure using the quick-release method, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid; stir ham and tomatoes into bean mixture. Close and lock the lid; move the valve to Sealing. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set the timer for 7 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method, about 5 minutes. Season soup with salt and pepper.
No, just followed the recipe. Great Bean Texture & Time Saver!  I've always done dried beans the traditional way by soaking beans overnight and then cooking for a couple of hours the next day... never again!  The texture was perfect and the instant pot made quick - no fuss answer to the task.  Only changes I made were adding a little more water and doubling the herbs and spice. After the first round of pressure cooking, the liquid was a little low and there was a layer of beans that were almost raw. I just added about a cup of water after adding canned tomatoes and ham pieces and let it go...  I was worried, but it came out great. Beans were velvety soft but not mushy - still intact. Just sprinkled a few diced red onions over top to add a little crunch. Will make this again! This recipe has great flavor! My family loved it. Thank you for sharing 😃 Love the recipe. But what is the quantity of a serving? I see ten servings, but is that 1 cup or more? Trying to get the nutrition correct. You do not need to saute vegetables as they will come out tender in the pressure cooker. This was so very easy to make and my husband and son LOVED it!  I will be making it again soon!! This is excellent!  I cut the thyme by 1/2 based on other reviews but I think the full amount would of been fine too depending on whether you like that spice or not.  I soaked  my beans over night  cut cook time by just 4 minutes and chopped the carrots instead of grating them.  This will definitely be my go to recipe for bean soup!!  Yum! Made it using  16 oz of beans and maybe a little less thyme. Turned out great. Delicious! Make as directed, wouldn't change a thing, fantastic!
