Instant Pot® Indian Chicken Curry
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262560/instant-pot-indian-chicken-curry/
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot®) and select Saute function. Melt butter and cook onion until soft and translucent, about 3 minutes. Add garlic and ginger; cook until tender, about 1 minute. Add chicken; cook until golden, about 5 minutes. Add tomato sauce, coriander, chili powder, salt, garam masala, turmeric, pepper, cumin, and bay leaf. Close and lock the lid. Select poultry according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 15 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, 10 to 40 minutes.
This is a great, easy, Indian dish. The spices make it full of flavor and it only took 10 minutes for my instant Pot to naturally release the pressure, so doesn’t take too long. We served it over veggie rice to reduce the carbs. Even the kids gave it a thumbs up. Mix and match the spices a bit at a time and taste before mixing with the meats.  Tastes better the 2nd day! I quadrupled the recipe. I substituted olive oil for the butter, and cayenne pepper for Indian chili powder as I didn't find that at my store. I did not quadruple the cayenne pepper, using 1 Tbsp in total.  I substituted ginger paste from a tube for the minced ginger root. I did quadruple this. The dish really tasted great, but we agreed it was a bit too hot.  If substituting these two, I suggest cutting the cayenne pepper to 1/2 tsp  per recipe and ginger paste to 1/2 Tbsp per recipe.  Add more to taste if desired after sampling the cooked dish.I cooked the onions, garlic and chicken in a cast iron skillet because of the volume before transferring that to the Instant Pot. I was concerned about the dish burning on a pressure cooker setting because of the low moisture, so added extra tomato sauce and some water. A burn warning displayed pretty quickly anyway, so I moved it to a traditional pot and cooked it on low for about 30 to 40 more minutes.  We served it with rice and naan bread. It was delicious. This was delicious. I left out the garam masala, and used catsup instead of tomato sauce. Used chicken thighs.  The instant pot worked great. Thick sauce. Perfect. Served over rice. I will be making this often. We loved it. This was literally amazing! Super easy, quick, flavorful. I will definitely make it again. So I changed a few things because of what I had on hand, I had planned to use a different recipe, so already had a can of coconut milk open, then found this instant pot recipe and thought I would try instead, I used 14 ounces. Of tomato sauce from my garden, the can of coconut milk, and half of a dried Serrano pepper from my garden (didn’t have Indian chili pepper on hand. I wasn’t sure how it would be with the coconut milk, but it was plenty of spice. My one question is this…..my instant pot doesn’t have a “poultry function”, so I put it on Pressure cook low (it started to burn, so I turned off immediately, and tried “meat/stew”….same thing. I ended up just pulling it off and it was done enough, although likely not quite as tender.  I like the ease of the instant pot. *fortunately I caught each time before it actually burned, so no burned taste. I did a double batch and used an 8oz can of tomato sauce, and powdered ginger instead of fresh. I didn't have any trouble of getting it up to pressure. Very tasty.Be sure to use the "Meat" setting, not pressure cook. I added half a can of diced tomatoes instead of the tomato sauce and about 1/2 as much butter. I always just guess at the spice amounts, but I used at least 2x as much red chili and it was still mild-medium. Definitely needs lime/lemon and fresh cilantro garnish. Serve it with sliced red onions and plain yogurt. Very easy to create while crowd pleasing all at the same time. Doesn't seem to work with an instant pot as it needs more liquid
