Baked Ziti IV
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/26254/baked-ziti-iv/
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook pasta in boiling water for 8 to 10 minutes, or until al dente; drain. Meanwhile, heat olive oil in large, heavy skillet over medium heat. Cook onion in oil until tender. Stir in rosemary and garlic. Transfer to a small bowl. Place ground beef and sausage in the skillet. Cook over medium-high heat until evenly brown. Stir in the onion mixture and the spaghetti sauce. Season with salt. Reduce heat to low, and simmer for 10 minutes. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13 inch baking dish. In the prepared dish, layer 1/2 of the cooked pasta, provolone cheese, sour cream, cottage cheese, and a little less than 1/2 of the meat mixture. Then layer the rest of the pasta, mozzarella cheese, remaining meat mixture, and Parmesan cheese. Bake in the preheated oven for 20 to 30 minutes, or until heated through and cheeses are melted.
Good stuff! This is a really strong recipe at its core. I would just modify some of the basic elements...especially step no. 4. Here are the recommendtions I would make to give this recipe a five star rating:1. Mix the sour cream, cottage cheese, mozzarella and parmesan together in a bowl. 2. Mix the pasta into the meat sauce. After spraying the casserole dish with non-stick spray, layer half the pasta/meat sauce in the dish. Spread the cheese mix on top of the bottom layer. Layer the rest of the pasta/meat sauce on top. Finish the casserole by placing the six slices of Provolone cheese and then bake. Twenty minutes at 350 was perfect. Other changes I made: I used 28 ounces of home made tomato sauce. The recipe was not specific enough for me - it said, "1 1/2 (26 ounce) jars spaghetti sauce" ...So is that 26 ounces total? Or is it 39 ounces? Another change I made is I used a pound of ground beef since I did not have the pork sauage on hand. I think the sausage would make it even better. Anyway, this recipe will fullfil a lasagna craving with half the effort. Only thing is it doesn't fit in a 9x13 pan; I have to use the 11x17, and it barely fits in that!  But the recipe is yummy Good recipe but it would be spectacular if the pasta sauce was homemade. I can't tolerate bottled sauce. Sure, it takes hours to make but then freeze it or can it. Then you'll have it for several months. Pretty good trade off. I've made this several times and think it's the best Baked Ziti I've had. I have changed it up just a little such as sometimes using only sausage and no ground beef. I think that Provolone Cheese really adds to the richness of this dish. Definitely a keeper for years to come. Made it per the recommendation of others, mixing the pasta into the meat mixture, mixing the cheeses together, doing the layering, then placing the provolone on top.  Worked very well. I've made this and it's wonderful! Easy to make. Leftovers for lunch! Good stuff.  I added mushrooms and spinach.  Delicious Loved it. Will be a staple. This recipe is definitely a keeper with a few changes that I made. I used one and a half 28 oz. jars of Rao's Marinara Sauce. As some others suggested, I mixed the meat sauce and noodles together. I used a 15-16oz. tub of  ricotta cheese instead of cottage cheese and mixed that with the sour cream, mozzarella and parmesan cheese. I then layered half the meat/noodle mixture on the bottom of a 13x9" pan, spread the cheese/sour cream mixture on top, layered the rest of the meat/noodle mixture and then topped with the provolone cheese. I baked it covered for about 30 minutes and then uncovered it for about 5-10 minutes. Everyone LOVED it! I served it with a green salad and garlic bread. Next time I might add some fresh italian parsley to the cheese mixture.
