Chicken, Apple, and Brussels Sprout Sheet Pan Dinner
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262533/chicken-apple-and-brussels-sprout-sheet-pan-dinner/
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Toss Brussels sprouts, apple, and pancetta with 1 tablespoon olive oil and rosemary in a bowl. Spread into a single layer on a sheet pan. Leave space on the pan for the chicken thighs. Toss chicken with the remaining 1 tablespoon oil in the same bowl; place on the sheet pan. Sprinkle salt and pepper on top. Bake in the preheated oven, stirring the Brussels sprouts mixture every 15 minutes, until chicken is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, 40 to 45 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
I hate brussel sprouts, but I had some and this recipe changed my opinion of them! I recommend using a tart-juicy apple like Granny Smith or Honey Crisp. Add the vegetable-fruit after the chicken has cooked for half the time. Yum! I forgot the pancetta, I added some broccoli and one zucchini, I used a nice big honey crisp and replaced the rosemary with tarragon. Cooked it at 420 for 45 min and served it with some baby rocket mixed with pine nuts, and goat cheese topped with glazed balsamic. It was simple, easy, fast, and delicious! Excellent, easy recipe!  To modify - I would cook the brussels sprout separately because I like them crispier!  And I might add sweet potatoes next time.  It was yummy! Simple and quick for a nutrient-dense weeknight meal, however cooking chicken thighs at 425° F for 40 minutes will dry them out. Turn the oven to a lower temp, or keep a check on them and pull them out right when the thickest part reaches 165° F. All the ingredients can go in the oven together, and that will save the chicken from a dry and chewy fate. I left out the apples because as another reviewer said, they will simply turn to mush at that temperature. I'd also recommend using a high-heat oil such as avocado, because olive oil will smoke and burn at 425° F.  Placing small pieces of the pancetta (or bacon) on top of the chicken will also allow the fat to flavor the thighs and keep them juicy. Served this with brown rice. Easy recipe. I only needed to cook for 30 minutes in my oven and everything came out perfect. I subbed bacon for pancetta and a green apple for red. Good flavors. I wasn't sure what to expect, but I'd make this again. Hubby ate it all. We are vegatarians and added Plant based chicken and plant based ginger and scallion sausages. So good. I would add a second apple the next time. An d there will another time. This was not my favorite.  The apple disappears if you cook it 40 minutes at 425 degrees.  The brussel sprouts were very tasty, but the chicken had no flavor at all. I only rated it four stars because the cooking time and temperature was way off. Seeing other reviews, I set the temp at 400 and checked it in half an hour. The veggies and bacon were perfect, the chicken a bit over cooked at 185. But this recipe was definitely added to our rotation. I added a sweet potato, too. Very good dinner! My husband loved it and demanded a double batch for next time! And used bacon instead of pancetta
