Easy Instant Pot Spaghetti Squash
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262646/easy-instant-pot-spaghetti-squash/
Combine spaghetti squash, vegetable broth, rosemary, and salt in a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot). Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 7 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid.
This recipe is excellent! So easy to make and in significantly less time, but most of all the flavor is subtle and not overwhelming. I usually have to saute spaghetti squash after roasting it in the oven because the strands always seem a tad too crunchy for me. It was the perfect texture for our liking using the instant pot. I did not have fresh rosemary on hand and subbed with a little dried rosemary, very lightly sprinkling into each shell. I used this recipe to go with Chicken Cacciatore for the Instant Pot by Bren. If you're new to the IP, like me, see the pictures from the recipe author, Fioa, to see how to place the halved spaghetti squash into the pot. I have a LUX 60 and used the steam option for the same amount of time called for in this recipe and it was perfect for us. Will be making this again! Thank you for sharing the recipe! no where else I can find say this squash has anywhere near that many carbs per serving 25???? no way I used better  than bouillon vegetable base.  I did not have rosemary.  I ladle on some sauce but it was still a little bland.  I usually add butter and garlic salt but the sauce mixed well with the garlic salt so I didn't need butter.  It turned out perfect.  Not hard and not squishy.  I would make it again. Loved this recipe and I love my instant pot! Qlq Yummy and easy!! Very quick way of making spaghetti squash. I used the high feature on my IP and it worked just right at 7 minutes. This recipe is excellent! So easy to make and in significantly less time, but most of all the flavor is subtle and not overwhelming. I usually have to saute spaghetti squash after roasting it in the oven because the strands always seem a tad too crunchy for me. It was the perfect texture for our liking using the instant pot. I did not have fresh rosemary on hand and subbed with a little dried rosemary, very lightly sprinkling into each shell. I used this recipe to go with Chicken Cacciatore for the Instant Pot by Bren. If you're new to the IP, like me, see the pictures from the recipe author, Fioa, to see how to place the halved spaghetti squash into the pot. I have a LUX 60 and used the steam option for the same amount of time called for in this recipe and it was perfect for us. Will be making this again! Thank you for sharing the recipe!
