Dad's Spaghetti Western
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/26267/dads-spaghetti-western/
Crumble beef into a large microwave-safe bowl. Cook for 3 minutes on high; drain fat and stir in onion, chili powder, basil, 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder, tomatoes and tomato paste. Fill the paste can with water and add. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and microwave on high for 10 minutes. Stir broken spaghetti into meat mixture; re-cover with plastic wrap and microwave on high for 6 minutes. Stir, re-cover and microwave on high for 3 to 4 minutes, or until spaghetti is tender. Stir in beans, re-cover and let stand 5 minutes. In a separate bowl, combine cheese, sour cream and remaining 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder. Microwave on medium-high for 2 minutes, or until cheese is melted. Serve over spaghetti mixture.
This is so quick and easy. I made it a bit more "mexican" by substituting rotell for the crushed tomatoes and black beans for kidney beans...yummy! Our family likes Tacos. I make 2 1/2 lbs of the spicy meat and always have extra for a reason. With the left over taco meat I add a jar of spaghetti sauce and Taco Spaghetti is born. ;) Loved the ease of this. I'll admit that I could not stomach the thought of cooking ground beef in the microwave. It was stove all the way. The sauce was way too sour cream forward for me but the hubs loved it. It does need a lot more s&p than the recipe called for but other than that I have no complaints. This was easy to make!  Who would've thought you can make spaghetti in the microwave?  Not me!  It was not pretty, in the sense that Italian descent American's pasta does not look or taste like this.  My 11 year old son started with, "Why are there beans in this?" "The sauce looks funny!" and ended with 3 and a half bowls eaten! Most excellent recipe.  I will definately make this again.  And enjoy it thoroughly! This is so quick and easy. I made it a bit more "mexican" by substituting rotell for the crushed tomatoes and black beans for kidney beans...yummy! Good, good stuff! I was going to make just regular old spaghetti, then decided last minute I wanted spaghetti with a test, so I found this!  I want to stress that I DID NOT make this in the microwave, though I suppose it would be okay.  I just thought it would taste better after simmering on the stove for awhile.  The only change I made was using ground turkey rather than ground beef.  Oh, and the sauce....do not leave off the sauce.  The sauce makes this, in my opinion.  Yum, yum, yum! The adults loved it, the kids not so much.  They didn't like beans with their noodles.  I think it was the texture rather than the taste.  This is a creative recipe and worth trying. This was fast and good, but I doubled the spices and added a tblspoon of cocoa powder to make it a little more Cincinnati Chili style. Also did it on the stovetop just as quickly. Hey, this reminds me of a recipe my dad used to make too! I have been looking for this for sometime. A good hearty recipe for cold nights, and a nice change from regular spaghetti. Yum!
