Cheese Omelette
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262696/cheese-omelette/
Whisk eggs in a bowl; add milk and season with salt and white pepper. Whisk until egg mixture is foamy, 2 to 3 minutes. Melt butter in a small, nonstick skillet over medium-low heat. Pour in egg mixture and swirl the skillet, so the bottom is evenly covered with egg. Cook until egg starts to set, about 1 minute. Lift edges with a spatula and tilt the skillet so uncooked egg can flow towards the bottom of the skillet to set. Repeat until no visible liquid egg remains. Carefully flip omelette; cook until warmed through, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Sprinkle Emmentaler cheese down the middle of omelette; fold in half. Cook until cheese is melted, about 20 seconds. Slide omelette onto a plate.
We did not make it with emmataler cheese we will try it again Easy peasy eggs over cheesy. This was simple, fast, and filling. I used a medium cheddar cheese for mine. The only trouble I had was when I was trying to lift the edge so the uncooked egg could run beneath and it tore because I lifted the edge a little too much trying to get more tilt so the egg would run easier, so my omelet wasn't pretty. I tried to fix it with the uncooked egg, but when I went to flip it, it was all over. So scrambled egg with cheese it is. I formed it back into an omelet shape the best I could. Do use a large bowl to whisk the eggs as I used a regular cereal bowl and while it worked, I had to be cautious while whisking, and a larger bowl would have just been much easier. I'd also pull out the hand mixer instead of hand whisking for those few minutes. Any cheese you like will work in this and this is easy to customize to your preference by adding whatever filling you'd like. It tasted great! Thank you for the recipe :) Quite easy. Just the butter is too much. I added Chilli and tomato to sauce before eating. It is nice. Added bacon bites to my omelette I made it with singles cheese slices that I shred. Best tasting omelette I've had in a long time I followed the instructions and cooked over low heat, using butter, it was delicious. Will make again We did not make it with emmataler cheese we will try it again
