Quick and Easy Chicken Spaghetti
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/26286/quick-and-easy-chicken-spaghetti/
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook angel hair pasta in the boiling water, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, 4 to 5 minutes. Drain pasta and return it to the pot. Add chopped chicken, condensed soup, diced tomatoes with chile peppers, processed cheese, mushrooms, salt, and pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook and stir over low heat until cheese is melted and mixture is heated through, about 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Quicky, easy, and good. In Texas, I was taught to also add a can of Cream of Mushroom to the recipe. I also learned that Velveeta is the favorite to use since it melts so well. Some people drain the Rotel, and some don't. (It's spicier if you keep the liquid though). Either way is good to me. I know a few people who use canned chunked chicken (like canned tuna, but chicken) to make it that much quicker to make. Occasionally, I like to add diced celery, pimentos, onions, garlic, and garlic powder (depending on my mood). No matter what, it's fool proof! You can't go wrong! The best one I ever tasted was baked, and it wasn't too cheesy (which is good because I'm not fond of things that are too cheesy). It was just creamy (not too creamy) and good! Good starting off point for people who have never had it before though! I like to serve it with garlic toast (or that garlic Texas Toast you find in the freezer section of your grocery store), and green beans (fresh or canned). Try it out! You can always tweak it as much or as little as you like! Had to have more vegetables flavor.  Did again with celery and bell.pepper and fresh shrooms, and it helped, but still need some tweak.  I think cheddar,  or another cheese.  Still love concept and we do enjoy it and as a quick comfort dinner.  Hmm. I sautéed a little onion and fresh mushrooms then mixed with chicken while waiting for water to boil and pasta to cook.I only had diced tomatoes -drained a bit of liquid - added seasoning to accommodate for not having Rotel. Only had cream of mushroom soup and shredded cheese.Once it was all mixed together definitely only took a couple minutes for everything to be hot and sauce to appear. Delicious! Though it was excellent.  Changed a couple of things to use fresh ingredients..was a big success. I put it in a casserole dish and grated fresh Parmesan cheese over it and baked it at 350 for 30 minutes. Delicious! Very tasty recipe! I added caramelized onions and garlic and set that aside. I then fried the chicken pieces and set those aside. I didn't have canned soup so I made a roux with butter,  flour and chicken stock. I then added the tomatoes and cheese, and then the chicken and cooked spaghetti.  Very  good meal! My family and friends loved it and they want to know when I'm making it again
