Slow Cooker Lamb Chops
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262939/slow-cooker-lamb-chops/
Combine onion and red wine in a slow cooker. Whisk honey, mustard, lemon juice, garlic, thyme, rosemary, basil, salt, and pepper together in a small bowl until well blended. Add tapioca starch and whisk until well combined. Let sit until mixture is thickened, at least 5 minutes. Dip lamb chops in the honey-mustard mixture and massage until fully coated. Place chops in a single layer over the red wine and onion mixture in the slow cooker. Pour remaining honey-mustard mixture on top. Cover slow cooker and cook on Low for 4 1/2 hours.
My husband loves lamb but I don’t. We love anything with red wine sauce. This was a fabulous, savory dish!! Tender, flavorful, the sauce was amazing. My husband couldn’t quit raving and asking me to make it again. Just made it today a little over a week since the first time. Scrumptious again. This will go in our permanent file. Thanks Allrecipes.?? (I I didn’t have tapioca starch, so I used a tablespoon of cornstarch in a quarter cup of water.) Made  just as directed. They were tender and flavorful. Will make it again! Without searing the chops first the residue was very fatty, very dissapointing. Awesome!  Too lazy; and too cold outside, to put my lamb chops on the grill, I searched and found this recipe.  They turned out so tender, the sauce was amazing and tasted delicious as a gravy for a side of white rice.    There was a layer of oil on top of the lamb chops when they were about 98% done but I used a tablespoon to remove the oil....will make these again. Made it tonight, delicious, will be part of my repertoire going forward. Do not cook lamb chops in the slow cooker, it is too fatty. The meat melt right off into shreds and was all fat, I couldn’t find the meat in the fat. I had to dispose of it. The slow cooker and seasoning choices made this lamb very tasty and tender. My first time making lamb and it turned out delicious. Easy and flavorful. I used cooking sherry instead of wine and a little over 2 pounds of chops. Came out great with more than enough gravy. Excellent! My new favorite lamb recipe.  As I was mixing up the honey & mustard sauce I realized I did not have any tapioca or corn starch so I just omitted it as the sauce was thick as is. Still came out wonderful.  Lamb was tender and fell off the bone and the sauce was delicious. This recipe was amazing! We used goat chops. I follow the recipe as directed except for the tapioca starch, didn't have any. Even my granddaughter loved it. We served it with rice. I'm making it again tomorrow! Thank You for a very tasty way to cook goat!
