Instant Pot Best Beef Stew
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263037/instant-pot-best-beef-stew/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot) and select the Sauté function. Melt butter in the pot. Cook beef chuck cubes in batches until browned on all sides, about 5 minutes per batch. otdash Meredith Food Studio Return all beef chuck cubes to the pot. Add potatoes, mushrooms, onion, carrots, and garlic; cover with beef broth. Stir in Worcestershire sauce, tomato paste, salt, pepper, and rosemary. otdash Meredith Food Studio Close and lock the lid. Select Meat/Stew function, according to the manufacturer's instructions; set the timer for 35 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Release pressure using the natural-release method, according to the manufacturer's instructions, 10 to 40 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid.
There are 6 of us, so I used 2 lbs. beef stew meat, 4 cups of beef bone broth, 6 medium russets, and basically doubled the seasonings. I mixed about 6 teaspoons of cornstarch with some of the broth in a small bowl when it was done, added it to the pot, and turned it on sauté to thicken it, and it was perfect! I did coat the beef with flour seasoned with garlic, salt and pepper and then browned. this definitely added to the flavor. I did thicken the juices to make a flavorful gravy with the leftover flour. My husband enjoyed it. My family loves it lots I was so disappointed because the vegetables were really mushy.  I cooked them exactly as the recipe.  I also used a small can of tomato paste and it had a powerful tomato flavor. the broth was watery.  followed another member suggestion,  mixed 1 tablespoon cornstarch with water and added it at the end  of cooking. Turned on saute function stirring while it thickening, it took about 5 minutes, Followed most of the recipe, just used my own seasoning mix, and due to pressure cooker size couldn't fit the potatoes so cooked them separately but served them together. Everyone loved it There's no way this actually got 5 star ratings. The whole stew tasted like nothing, the broth was basically water, the vegetables were entirely mush. My fiancé used an obscene amount of garlic and it STILL came out bland. There's just no way. This was terrible. Bland, mushy, even adding things to try and recover it didn't do much to save this. All of the high ratings modifying this to make it taste sort of good is insane, that's a whole different recipe.
