Chicken Pot Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/26317/chicken-pot-pie-ix/
Gather all ingredients and preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C.) otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine chicken, carrots, peas, and celery in a saucepan; add water to cover and bring to a boil. Boil for 15 minutes, then remove from the heat and drain. otdash Meredith Food Studio While chicken is cooking, melt butter in another saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and cook until soft and translucent, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in flour, salt, pepper, and celery seed. otdash Meredith Food Studio Slowly stir in chicken broth and milk. otdash Meredith Food Studio Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until thick, 5 to 10 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place chicken and vegetables in the bottom pie crust. Pour hot broth mixture over top. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cover with top crust, seal the edges, and cut away any excess dough. Make several small slits in the top crust to allow steam to escape. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until pastry is golden brown and filling is bubbly, 30 to 35 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes before serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio Enjoy!
I'm giving this recipe 5 stars for the way it turned out after my modifications, without them I doubt it would have been as good. I took a lot of the previous suggestions, and I boiled my veggies in chicken broth (just added a boullion cube) although I didn't use peas (can't stand them) and just boneless, skinless breast meat. I used 3/4 cup of onion, and subbed 1/2 tsp garlic powder for celery seed (didn't have any). I drained the broth from the veggies, and used 2 cups in the pan, and after I added everything into the crust, I poured about another 1/4 cup of broth in with everything (as other reviewers complained it was too dry). Cooked for 30 min in a gas oven, and it came out perfect! Will definitely make again.edited to add: I also made this with 3 small, cubed potatoes, and it made it even better. Very easy to make and great flavor. I used rotisserie chicken and added a couple of chopped yellow potatoes. I make pot pie for special family occasions at the holidays and use this recipe as my basis (with some alterations) my entire family and extended family are obsessed and demand I make at least two to three of these every time we get together. I add some of my own touches (a little extra garlic powder, light dash of smoked paprika, finely chopped brown mushrooms and a slice or two of diced bacon) definitely need the celery seed - super important. Recommend making one with a mashed potato top - sublime I made this with some tweaks. I prefer a more herb tasting pie and more seasoning in general. As others, I increased the broth/gravy mixture, but only by 50%, not double as some have done.I sauteed the chicken cubes in butter with the onion and added a 1/4 cup of chopped Baby Bella mushrooms. I added the salt, black pepper, poultry seasoning, and crushed thyme to this mixture at the end of the saute, In addition to the chopped celery, sliced carrots, frozen peas, I added 2 small chopped yellow skinned potatoes and sauteed them in a separate pan with 1/3 cup butter.When the veggies were tender but firm, I added the veggies to the chicken. Then added the flour, chicken broth and half and half for the milk.I increased the broth/gravy by about 50%. I baked at 375 degrees for 45 mins. If not brown enough, turn up to 425 for 5 mins to finish. Nice, have made twice! Amazing! I doubled the sauce, used the recipe for buttery flakey pie crust, used garlic and some other spices, and baked it at 375f for 45 minutes. My boyfriend says it's the best chicken pot pie he's ever had! Came out great!I made it with chicken stock and frozen veggies.And used flaky pastry dough for top and bottom.I also baked the bottom dough by itself for a few minutes before putting the composition on it.Finally, I glazed the top and bottom dough with an egg white which gave it a nice glazed and dark brown color.Thanks for a great recipe!Liviu Yum- added potato and removed peas- everyone loved it. Used pillsbury crust and brushed with egg, browned perfectly! Also added garlic and onion powder for flavor. I made a few modifications, I used beef broth instead of chicken (it's what I had in the house), added 1/3 cup of cream cheese, cream of mushroom soup, mushrooms, 1/2 cup of white wine and potatoes and cooked them with the onion mixture, turned out AMAZING I made this for the first time the other night and it was fantastic! I did make a few changes, based on our needs, and here they are. First, I used almond milk instead of regular milk (due to lactose intolerance). Then, I added more liquid to the sauce as it cooked, using about 3 cups of chicken broth and a whole cup of milk to get it to the consistency I wanted. I added the cooked veggies and chicken (I used leftover chicken) to the sauce in the pan to make sure it was all incorporated well. Then, my final adjustment was to put the sauce mixture into a casserole dish, eliminating the bottom crust, and covered the top of it with crust. This way, it was a little lighter and I cut out a lot of the fat. The results were incredible! We both loved it and will be making this again. Thank you for a great recipe! so delicious! I tweaked it a bit on veggies added, but stayed pretty true to the recipe. I boiled the veggies in the chicken broth and upped the amount needed for a wetter inside. I put the bottom crust in the oven beforehand just to brown it a bit. For the chicken, I just bought some Costco already cooked rotisserie chicken (so good!) Everything tasted perfect and the leftovers were just as good :) Very pleased with the final product! This was my first time making this and I'm very pleased with how it turned out. I did make a few changes. I diced all my ingredients. Dicing 1/2 cup carrots, 1/2 cup celery, and 1/2 cup onion. I did add 1 full cup of diced potatoes as well. The only other change I made was that I boiled the veggies in chicken broth and reserved 2 cups of the liquid for the gravy. I did add about 2tsp of poultry seasoning as well. Other than those few changes I followed the recipe as written and my potpie came out perfectly. Not dry (as many have claimed), and not runny either. Will definitely make again. Great recipeI added potatoes and didn't have 2 pie crusts. Replaced top with canned biscuits during the last 10 minutes. My husband loves this recipe, because of the fresh flavors and homemade taste. This is on my monthly menu.I found it easy to prepare and adaptable to purchasing mixed frozen vegetables cutting my prep time. This is now a family favorite! I've made it several times. I have used leftover baked chicken and it is just as good. This was so amazing! The whole family loved it! I messed up on the crust but it came out ok Very yummy 😋
