Instant Pot Mexican Rice
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263330/instant-pot-mexican-rice/
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot); select sauté function and adjust to medium. Cover the bottom of the pot with avocado oil. Cook and stir onion until soft, 4 to 5 minutes. Add garlic and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add rice to the pot; mix until coated with oil and lightly browned. Pour in chicken stock; stir any browned bits off the bottom of the pot. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour in chicken stock; stir any browned bits off the bottom of the pot. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix in tomato sauce, salt, cumin, and cayenne pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio otdash Meredith Food Studio Close and lock the lid. Seal the vent and select high-pressure function. Set a timer for 7 minutes; allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to the manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Stir rice before serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I’ve made this recipe at least 10-15 times since May with success! Truly delicious go to for us. My husband even says it is one of the best Mex. Rice I’ve ever made and I agree…full of more flavor than I expected using the Instant Pot (IP)! I’ve subbed taco seasoning when out of cumin and have made this exactly as written too. Here are some tips for some who might be new to the IP as I was. #1 Rinse your rice. #2 Do not stir in the tomato sauce—recipe doesn’t say to do so, but you might be tempted out of habit. When I stirred, IP did not come to pressure and some rice was uncooked. I fired up pot for 3 additional minutes, but ended up with a very thin burned layer of rice on bottom of pot. No big deal, just remove the pot and cover it with foil. Cooked rice will lift off fine and some like the crisp part anyway. Barely any rice wasted from my own newbie error. You’ll just have to soak the pot a little to wash out what’s left…easy peasy. #3 Do not try to do natural release because you’re busy with other dishes. Texture change noted…still good though. #4 Chunky/Thick salsas do not seem to work as a sub. #5 If rice done and you think too much moisture, just leave it on keep warm and excess moisture will be absorbed by rice or evaporate lending to perfect fluffy and delicious Mexican Rice. End of story, make exactly as recipe instructs and you won’t be disappointed! Yum! Thanks again, Bren—I’ve been converted to making your rice in the IP! :) Tasty and Easy to modify also - it came out good and only takes a few minutes to prep—  I used basmati rice I don't usually eat rice, but I need to start adding it to my diet.  I followed the recipe exactly as written.  This rice went perfectly in my bean/corn/rice burrito.  Great flavor, not over the top. I still start with the frying pan but the pot makes the best rice.  I'm at a little higher elevation.  Rice is always perfect. So good! I doubled the recipe, y family loved it! Definitely going into the recipe pile for favs. It was very simple and easy to make. This recipe is a keeper.  I doubled the onion,  added 1 cup of frozen corn, and 1 can of black beans.  I omitted the cayenne pepper.  I followed the advice from other reviews and didn’t stir in the tomato sauce.  Everything turned out great and this was super easy to throw together!  We’ll be having this one again.  I served it with grilled chicken thighs.  Yummy. About 3 minutes into the pot pressurizing, the food burn symbol flashed.  The bottom of the pot was solidly burned.  I tried to let it cool and tried again.  Same thing happened.  Next time, I will leave the tomato sauce out, until the end.  The flavor and recipe ingredients were great. To those who have the burn error. It is more an instant pot issue. Either turn off the saute a little early or let it cool down before you start the pressure cooking.
