Air Fryer Onion Rings
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263444/air-fried-onion-rings/
Stir flour, cornstarch, baking powder, and salt together in a small bowl. Dip onion rings into the flour mixture until coated, then place onto a plate. Stir milk and egg into the remaining flour mixture using a fork. Dip the floured rings into the batter to coat. Place onto a wire rack until the batter stops dripping. Place bread crumbs into a shallow dish. Place rings, one at a time, into bread crumbs, scooping crumbs over the top until evenly coated. Give rings a hard tap as you remove them from the crumbs; the coating should cling very well. Heat an air fryer to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C) according to the manufacturer's instructions. Place rings into the air fryer basket so they are side-by-side without overlapping; spray lightly with cooking spray, then flip rings. Place the basket into the air fryer and cook until rings are golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes, flipping once halfway through. Drain on paper towels and sprinkle with garlic powder and paprika.
This was the first time using my Air Fryer, and they came out pretty good. I would make the slices at least 1/2 inch wide because the breading masked too much of the onion flavor. Needs more Seasoning. Too much flour. I will not flour them The first time. The bread crumbs did give a good crunch. Not sure if I like this better than regular fried rings. They taste so good, my only tip is to take the middle 4-5 rings out and trash them. They don’t taste as good. Other that that, delicious 🤤 Will experiment a bit with flavors and bread crumbs, but crispy.  A little bit of a pain to batter and bread but the result is worth it! Love this recipe, gluten free organic! Best if both worlds?????? This was the first time using my Air Fryer, and they came out pretty good.  I would make the slices at least 1/2 inch wide because the breading masked too much of the onion flavor. Made exactly as written and these turned out great! Thanks for sharing.
