The Denver Omelet
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263567/the-denver-omelet/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Beat eggs in a small bowl until just combined; do not overbeat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Melt butter in a skillet over medium-high heat. Add ham, onion, and bell pepper; season with salt and pepper. Cook and stir until onions soften and ham begins to caramelize, about 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Reduce heat to medium-low and pour in eggs. Mix briefly with a spatula while shaking the pan to ensure ingredients are evenly distributed. otdash Meredith Food Studio Quickly run the spatula along edges of omelet. otdash Meredith Food Studio Sprinkle Cheddar cheese and cayenne pepper over omelet. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook, shaking the pan occasionally, until top is still wet but not runny, about 5 minutes. Use a spatula to fold omelet in half and transfer it to a plate. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Super good and easy to make! Watch the video for help! This was actually very little effort, so WELL worth the little effort it took! I've always found omelettes to be a daunting task, and have failed past attempts (even after googling instructions.) this recipe is well written, simple,  easy to follow, very quick and as a bonus, my picky toddler devoured his half. (Iykyk!) It came out perfectly (wish I'd taken a photo before I ate it 😁)I was quite proud of myself of the success! I used a small round non-stick pan, and two eggs, modifying the amount of toppings to suit the size of the pan. Next time I might even attempt it on my stainless steel fry pan! Thanks for the great recipe! The only things I modified were  using both butter and olive oil, red and green bell peppers, and maybe 2T unflavored bubbly water in the eggs (any brand will do for added fluffiness). I also flipped it after enough of the eggs were cooked so as not to make a splash. My ham and veggie mix was 3.5oz after cooking, so that may be a little larger proportion than the recipe called for, but I felt it was restaurant worthy! I will keep this in mind when cooking for friends and family! As was already mentioned, I like to add a little mushroom and served w/ salsa. This was delicious and easy to make. I made it with an extra egg and extra filling so I could share with my little boy. He's such a picky eater but he ate every bite! this stuff is better than freaking Dennys!! This is my first omelette i’ve ever made and didn’t come out too pretty, but it tastes PHENOMENAL Two changes I would make are adding mushrooms and serving with salsa, not catsup.  I also like to use 2 non-stick saute pans.  Start with a small 8 inch pan to saute the onion, bell pepper, mushrooms, and ham.  When veggies are soft add the eggs.  When the eggs are somewhat firm it's time for the second pan.  That pan should be a little larger.  Heat the pan a little and flip the eggs from the first pan into the larger one.  When lightly browned add the cheese of choice and fold over to complete.  No more mushy center when it's done this way. Wonderful! I try new recipes with no changes so I can see if it is any good. I usually pre cook the vegetables them remove them and add them back as a filling for the omelette. This method of adding eggs to the veggies saves an extra step and also makes the omelette more appealing.
