Instant Pot Steel-Cut Oats
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263512/instant-pot-steel-cut-oats/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine water and oats in a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot). Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 3 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. otdash Meredith Food Studio Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, 10 to 40 minutes. Oats will thicken as they cool. otdash Meredith Food Studio
For me, this is the perfect method for IP steel-cut oats. This is so much easier than stove top, I now make them much more often than I used to. The liquid to oats ratio is the right consistency for me. And the time of 3 minutes is perfect. Other recipes call for 5 min or even up to 15 min! The oats start sticking to the pot after 5 minutes. They might seem a bit watery at first, but they thicken quickly. And you can put your add-ins right in the pot if you'd like. If your IP isn't done releasing pressure after 10 minutes, you can go ahead and release it. It’s great I’ve made it multiple times using oat or almond milk. In my 8 quart instapot. Cut it in half. Single diabetic.  Portions!Portions! Portions!!!   So good in instant pot, I could easily over eat it.No standing, stirring & over boiling.Thank you Your use of the Instant Pot and ratios are so easy to create a delicious, healthy breakfast.  Instead of dumping the oats into the IP, I put them in a 2 cup Pyrex measuring cup and place it over water and on the trivet.  I set the timer for 12-15 minutes.  Clean-up is much easier, not having to scrape the bottom of the IP. I have used this recipe for years and it’s perfect! Tip: spray your insert with non stick cooking spray for easier clean up. I mix in golden raisins and sliced bananas along with real maple syrup. Keeps very well in the fridge and reheats to fresh consistency with a little milk or water in the microwave. Super simple and really good.  I was able to get some out of the fridge each morning for a quick breakfast. Soooo easy. Fast. And yummy!! My daughter definitely prefers SC Oats when they are prepared in the Instant Pot. She likes the taste and texture better from the Instant Pot vs stovetop or rice cooker.  I like that it is super easy to prepare and possibly slightly faster to make in the Instant Pot.  I add cinnamon, butter and 1 or 2 tablespoons of brown sugar.  For a creamier result, I use milk instead of water. I used 4 cups of water which absorbs as it's allowed to cool for a few minutes. I used this recipe to prepare my oatmeal yesterday and it was perfect for me.
