Raspberry Jam without Pectin
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263781/raspberry-jam-without-pectin/
Gather the ingredients. Bring raspberries to a boil in a very large pot. Cook for 4 minutes. Add sugar and lemon juice; stir well. Bring back to a boil, stirring constantly. Cook for another 4 minutes. Remove pot from heat and divide jam into sterilized jars, leaving 1/4-inch of space at the top. Seal and transfer jars into a boiling water bath. Make sure jars are covered with at least 1 inch of water; let sit for 5 minutes. Lift jars and let them cool in a draft-free place without touching, 8 hours to overnight.
I/2 pint of raspberries, 1/2 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, cook for 12 min stirring often. Ready when can run spoon through and see bottom of pan for 1 second. Yield 3/4 of small jam jar. I’ve made this 3 times now and it’s a hot everytime! Requested by family 😀 This jam is easy to make and gets lots of compliments! Once the sugar and lemon are added, I cook for up to 10 minutes to thicken and usually get 3 half-pint jars. I enjoyed this recipe! I never do make Jams with pectin so I was happy to find this one. I did change the recipe. I did half the sugar and added strawberries and blackberries too. Set well but like everyone else seems to comment, I had to cook it longer. About 20 mins. Only made 2 cups so I cut the recipe in half and used 1/2 amount of sugar and used 1/2 cup of raw honey as additional sweetener with lemon juice. To make it a bit thicker when cooking on stove and used some corn starch also. About 1 tspn . I then put in a blender for a short time and poured into sterilized 1/2 pint jars . Cooled and put in freezer. This recipe also works well making mulberry freezer jam.Both tastes great. I cut the recipe in half die to lack of raspberries. It's come out very good. Make it sugar-free by replacing the cane sugar with your choice of granulated noncaloric sweetener -- erythritol, allulose, erythritol+monkfruit.  I prefer allulose because it is a bit less sweet than cane sugar or erythritol.  You will need to cook a bit longer to get the jam to set -- use the frozen plate test. Good flavor and easy to follow recipe.  Only made 5 1/2 8oz jars, but that's okay. I'll use more raspberries next time. Other than that, I'm ready for them to cool down and use on some toast!
