Saganaki (Flaming Greek Cheese)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263750/flaming-greek-cheese-saganaki/
Brush each side of kasseri cheese with water; dredge both sides in flour, making sure the surface is completely covered. Preheat a well-seasoned cast iron skillet on medium-high heat until smoking; pour in olive oil. Carefully place floured cheese in hot oil and cook until cheese begins to ooze and a golden-brown crust forms, about 2 minutes. Quickly flip cheese over with a spatula. Fry until the bottom is golden brown, about 30 seconds more. Remove from the heat and place skillet onto a napkin-lined plate. Pour brandy into the skillet over the cheese. Light the brandy using a fireplace lighter. Squeeze some lemon juice on top to extinguish the last few flames and garnish with parsley.
I love Saganaki...the whole family does. But after trying this recipe for the first time, I have a couple of tips. First of all....pretend you are Chef John making a video, and HAVE ALL YOUR INGREDIENTS PROPORTIONED AND READY! Things happen fast, and you NEED to be ready. My first attempt, I made the mistake of having skillet TOO HOT, and burnt the cheese and smoked up the kitchen. You want the skillet to just start smoking, not heavily smoking and olive oil evaporating. Suggest you make a batch for yourself to practice first before trying to impress your special someone. I have had this dish thousands of times with my family at restaurants! It's always a family favorite! So I would suggest anyone who's not Greek to try it! Love this recipe how do you search high and low to find true Kasseri cheese. I contacted the Bel Gioioso did they recommended some online sellers that you could purchase the Correct cheese from. I have tried substitute cheese and it did not come out well. The cast-iron pan is a must I recommend soaking the cheese in the brandy for two hours before you cook it. Be careful when lighting the brandy, but it is worth it. Perfect!  I grew up in Chicagoland and this was a treat we frequently requested.**NOTE to folks who have commented about the "napkin lined plate"...  Put the PAN (not the cheese, itself) on a napkin lined plate, just like the recipe says and the photo depicts.    During my prep, I put a trivet in the middle of the table and flame it there. It turned out great!We got lucky finding Kasseri cheese at Flint, Michigan Farmers Market and  I made it this evening..Happily the Saganaki and the  flame turned out perfect! Great recipe and easy to follow the instructions. Did manage to splash some hot oil on my hand - ouch, but the crust remained intact and I just need to find a longer spatula!! The flaming brandy went well without setting my kitchen on fire!! used 8 oz of cheese, thus doubled the other ingredients. Cooked quickly but was very good. I thought I would need chips or something with the cheese but it was good by itself since the flour added a nice texture and gave you something to hold on it. I wonder if it would pair nicely with something sweet, like a jam but didn't end up doing so the first time. Use Ahrodite Halloumi Cheese Very easy. Tastes exactly like the stuff you’d get at a restaurant! I love this recipe, but does it seriously suggest putting the cheese on a napkin before lighting it on fire?  I skip the napkin.
