Chef John's Chinese Scallion Pancakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263821/chef-johns-chinese-scallion-pancakes/
Combine bread flour and salt in a large bowl. Make a well in the middle and pour in hot water. Mix together with a wooden spoon to form a shaggy dough. Transfer dough onto a lightly floured work surface. Knead dough until sticky but relatively smooth and elastic, dusting with a minimal amount of flour if needed. Wrap in plastic wrap and let dough rest for 2 hours. Mix vegetable oil, sesame oil, and flour together in a skillet over medium heat until starting to bubble, about 3 minutes. Cook for 1 minute more. Remove from heat and cool to room temperature. Unwrap dough and cut in half. Roll out into a tube and press down with your fingers. Use a rolling pin to flatten dough into a rectangular shape about 1/8-inch thick, flipping over and dusting lightly with flour halfway through. Paint surface of the dough with the oil mixture until just covered, leaving 1 inch of space on the edges. Sprinkle scallions on top. Roll dough up tightly to seal in the scallions, starting with the long side. Pull the opposite edge over the top once you have reached it. Coil 1 end of the dough inward toward the middle; wrap the opposite end around the coil to finish, tucking the tip under the bottom. Dust the coil with flour and roll dough out into a pancake about 1/4-inch thick. Repeat with remaining dough, oil, and green onions to make the second pancake. hef Joh Heat vegetable oil in a cast iron skillet over high heat. Add 1 pancake; lower heat to medium. Cook until crispy and browned, about 4 minutes per side. Repeat with the other pancake. Cut into wedges. hef Joh
So good!!! ?????? Tastes just like the ones from the Chinese food places. Would maybe add a bit of onion powder next time. But these are worth the effort!!! Would definitely make again!!! Everyone needs to keep this recipe on hand for when you have leftover scallions (which seems like a once a week occurrence in my house). It’s so delicious and easy. My first time making this I forgot to add the salt to the dough (whoops) but even without it was DELICIOUS dipped in soy sauce. I also added chili flake with the scallions like chef John suggested in the YouTube video. It was the perfect way to add some heat. I can’t wait to make again! Actually, my wife and I have made this for sometime. One small, but tasty change would be using animal grease/dripping you may have saved to base and fry the scallion pancake. We usually use bacon, pork or lamb grease for this. The animal grease gives it some extra crispy flavor our kids and us love. Delicious!! I made one pancake the same day and one the next day. The next day one was actually easier to roll. I'd had it out of the frig for about 3 hours before I tried to roll it. I tried to skimp on the oil for cooking for the first one and that didn't work well so used more for the second one. I did half the oil used on the inside and this was plenty IMO. incredible,  I will try frying it in the future to make it like a takeout style one. Wonderful! These are so good! I didn't have enough scallions (green onions) so I used half a normal onion and just chopped it really fine. It was slightly harder to roll up, but I couldn't stop eating it! I had some extra dough so I made another one, but with butter and cinnamon sugar and it was also delicious!! These were delicious and so easy!  They turned out a little thicker than I’m used to but I’ll just roll them out more next time. loved it! had to add more water to the mixture, but the flavor was really good.  will definitely make it again.
