Best Instant Pot Scalloped Potatoes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263876/best-instant-pot-scalloped-potatoes/
Combine potatoes, broth, and salt in a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot). Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set the timer for 1 minute. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Meanwhile, set an oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler. Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Carefully transfer potatoes to a deep 8-inch square baking dish. Combine 1 1/2 cups Cheddar cheese, cream, garlic powder, pepper, and nutmeg in the pressure cooker with the remaining liquid; select Sauté function and cook until smooth and creamy, about 5 minutes. Pour sauce evenly over potatoes and sprinkle with remaining 1/2 cup Cheddar cheese. Broil in the preheated oven until cheese is golden, about 5 minutes.
Nice flavors in this recipe and a time saver instead of baking the potatoes for an hour in the oven! My husband enjoyed these too and asked for the recipe to be a repeat! I lost 1 LB Yukon Gold potatoes and only had about 1 1/4 LB potatoes to use. Although I scaled the recipe in half, I still used 1 cup of water (I was concerned if the IP would come to pressure with less than 1 cup in it). The potatoes were perfectly tender and not mushy. I left all other adjusted ingredient amounts the same. I subbed heavy cream with unsweetened almond milk and used Cabot LF/GF White Cheddar Cheese to accommodate my dietary restrictions. I may have used slightly more than 1/4 cup cheddar on top as I manually grated my cheese, which was more of a fine grate. The end result was a little too much sauce, but it was not an excessive amount and can be easily rectified by not adding all of the sauce if you use less potatoes. My only real change would be to stir the potatoes a little to ensure the potatoes are evenly coated with the sauce, which is what I did. I’ll definitely make this again and as written with 2 LB potatoes, but I think the amount of sauce will be perfect. I’ll be sure to update my review though if the result is different. Overall, an easy to make recipe with delicious flavor and easy to adjust if you have any dietary restrictions. Definitely will make this recipe again! Thanks for sharing the recipe! I added onions into the instapot with the potatos and 1 tablespoon of minced garlic. I also added 4oz of cream cheese and 1/4 cup of milk. NO leftover's. They loved it! I have to admit I'm not that familiar with my Instapot but was looking for a different potato recipe and came upon this.  Followed it mostly ....added onions to it since I had half an onion left over from another recipe and no nutmeg....added a bit more milk to the sauce...and it was delicious.  I'm usually wary of potatoes and carbs but could have eaten the entire thing.Also, this is not scalloped potatoes but cheesy potatoes and it is delicious. I don’t like that the instructions say to let pressure build up to 10-15 minutes. This confused me and I ended up cooking them for ten minutes in the instant pot. The sauce could have been a little bit thicker I have a new browning gizmo for the top of my Instant Pot, so I’m going to use this recipe and  do it all in the IP… excellent flavor.  I only had beef broth and Mexican cheese, but it worked out fine.  I ended up having to mix the potatoes and the cheese mixture in the instant pot after sauteing the cheese mixture.  I also added in some ham pieces. Yum, was so quick and easy. I added some chopped onion to the potatoes to add more flavor. Turned out perfect. We made this with no changes to the recipe and it was perfectly delicious for 4 people, including two teenage boys, with a small amount left over. I'd say this amount could work for 4-6 people. It was our first attempt at scalloped potatoes and you'd never know it! We tried it with Dubliner Irish cheddar and it was incredible.
