Taiwanese Popcorn Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263930/popcorn-chicken-taiwanese/
Mix chicken, garlic, soy sauce, ginger, five-spice powder, white pepper, salt, vinegar, and cayenne pepper together in a large bowl until well combined. Let marinate for 10 minutes. Heat oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Whisk egg in a small bowl until smooth. Place dry tempura mix into a second small bowl. Dip chicken pieces one at a time into egg, then dredge in tempura mix, shaking off any excess. Working in batches, lower chicken carefully into hot oil and fry until golden brown, 5 to 8 minutes. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to drain and season with salt and pepper. Transfer chicken to a platter and garnish with basil leaves and green onions.
Just made this for supper and my finicky hubby polished off his portion and more, in record time, with glowing compliments! The only changes I made were: to use 2 large chicken breasts, cut into bite-sized pieces; and to reduce salt to a pinch, as soya sauce and vinegar did the trick for our taste. Really enjoyed these crispy , flavourful morsels. Will use this dredging method, with tempura batter mix and different flavourings again with chicken and think it would be great with fish or shrimp as well!!Soooo, I tried this recipe with fish [Banga Mary/Guyanese 'sea trout'] and prawns last weekend. WOW!!! Both batches were polished off before I could take photos to post on this site. Needless to say, rave reviews all round as well. This was delicious! I used chicken breast but, otherwise, followed the recipe exactly. It was tender and juicy and tasted exactly like the popcorn chicken we get at our favorite Taiwanese restaurant in Reno. It was pretty easy to make, though we kept our oil at 350 degrees, otherwise it browned too fast. I definitely recommend this recipe! great recipe Excellent recipe.  I don't use the five-spice, but add fish sauce instead.  My family loves it dipped in sweet chili sauce. so yummy Just made this for supper and my finicky hubby polished off his portion and more, in record time, with glowing compliments! The only changes I made were: to use 2 large chicken breasts, cut into bite-sized pieces; and to reduce salt to a pinch, as soya sauce and vinegar did the trick for our taste. Really enjoyed these crispy , flavourful morsels.  Will use this dredging method,  with tempura batter mix and different flavourings again with chicken and think it would be great with fish or shrimp as well!!Soooo, I tried this recipe with fish [Banga Mary/Guyanese 'sea trout'] and prawns last weekend. WOW!!! Both batches were polished off before I could take photos to post on this site. Needless to say, rave reviews all round as well. these came out great
