Mom's Italian Beef Barley Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/26444/moms-italian-beef-barley-soup/
In a slow cooker, combine beef, water, bouillon, onion, tomato sauce, barley, salt and pepper. Cover, and cook on Low for 5 hours.
This recipe is YUMMY!!!! I made it on a Friday, but then my husband walked in with a pizza for supper. So we had the pizza instead. (I did sample the soup and it was good but a little thin and needed some additional spices. I added some thyme and garlic powder - much better.) Anyways, I put the soup away to eat the next day. On Saturday when I took it out, it was way thicker and was REALLY GOOD. Everybody loved it. There was one serving left over which I had for breakfast on Sunday, and I must say that Sunday was the best day for it yet. The tate and texture were outstanding. One thing I might do differently next time would be to use round steak cubes rather than chuck so the meat would be more tender. This was no fault of the recipe, I just like softer beef in my soups. I will definitely be making this again. I add celery, carrots, garlic, and thyme. But this is a good base to jump off from Made as written, except added celery. Very good! I've made it three times now. The first time was as written. The second time I added 3 carrots and 3 celeries, sliced. The third time, and this was the best, I ditched the chuck and used some tri-tip steak that was on sale. Superb! On the third version, I also threw in some fried garlic bits and some thyme. On numbers two and three I cooked the barley separately and froze one cup portions. That worked really well since the first version's barley expanded to two or three times the originally cooked size, soaking up a lot of the yummy broth. The carrots and celery help without detracting from the original. I love this recipe!!!! I added diced carrots to it for color!!! Great recipe!! Made it in my 3.5-quart crock pot and had plenty of room.  It was very easy to make!  I cut the beef cubes into bite-sized pieces before adding them to the pot and did not brown them.  Only thing I changed was omitting the onion due to dietary restrictions.  The barley did not absorb all of the broth like some reviewers said.  Mine didn't turn out as pretty looking as some of the pictures, but we liked it.  Didn't think that there was enough barley.  Next time I will double the amount of barley and add some red wine and a can of diced tomatoes. It was really great here in cold snowy northern Ohio. Made this with ground venison and quick barley and it was delicious! My daughter who is a super picky eater had 3 helpings!! I bought a whole chuck steak and cut it up into about half inch pieces by hand.  I followed the recipe exactly as written and it came out fabulous!  The meat did not dry out after being cooked for 5 hours.  I believe that the next time I will chop up and add a whole onion because I used a half of a sweet onion, and it was delicious and made my house smell really good while cooking in the crockpot! This was incredibly easy and so delicious!  I read reviews and made small changes, I used 1 container of low sodium beef broth and added 4 cups of water and 2 bouillon cubes.  I also added 2  carrots & 2 celery cut up small oh and garlic.   I've never made Beef Barley soup and my family LOVED IT!!!!    ABSOLUTELY delicious!
