Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/26460/quick-and-easy-chicken-noodle-soup/
Melt butter in a large pot over medium heat. Add onion and celery and cook until just tender, about 5 minutes. Add chicken broth, vegetable broth, chicken, egg noodles, carrots, basil, oregano, salt, and pepper. Stir to combine and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 20 minutes.
Vincenza...I could kiss you for this recipe. My 15 month old and I had a bad flu and she refused to eat any soup from the can. I was ill and at my wits end and found this recipe. I had all ingredients in the house (except for celery) and whipped this together. I didn't have the vegetable broth and had to improvise with some chicken broth granules to make all the necessary broth. I cubed raw chicken and boiled it in the soup to save time. I also added garlic. I made egg noodles on the side and added it as we ate it so the soup wouldn't get starchy. This soup was not only easy but AMAZING! Probably the best chicken soup I've eaten. UPDATE: I'm still eating this on a regular weekly basis. I make a batch almost weekly and it freezes excellent (if you don't add pasta to it until you're ready to serve). I now ALWAYS use vegetable broth as I really feel it adds to the flavor. I sautee the celery, onions and carrots along with garlic to soften them up. I also buy a rotisserie chicken and use the whole thing to make a huge batch of this soup. I triple all veggies and my 20 month old daughter eats the veggies out of the soup by the handful! This freezes REALLY well if you don't add pasta until you're ready to serve. This is a definite keeper and is still the best homemade chicken soup I've had. Simple weeknight soup! Used rotisserie chicken and this was ready for hungry teens in 30 minutes. Did not use basil or oregano & added 2 bouillon cubes to the broth for their taste. Paired with French bread grilled cheese and had two happy boys ❤️ Rave reviews from elderly clients and neighbors that I shared this soup with, telling me this was the best chicken soup they've ever had. I used the packaged white meat rotisserie chicken from Costco and my broth was Better Than Bullion (chicken) in the same liquid quantities in the recipe. This recipe is a keeper and I already have requests to make it again. Good. Do all of the above, but also add 1 or 2 skin-on, bone-in chicken thighs to cook along with it. Adds that hours-long flavor, but without the hours-long wait. Once cooked through, the meat can be added to the soup (along with the rest of the ingredients as per the recipe.) Takes this to 5 stars. This turned out to be a good recipe and a good base. I only changed the noodles to spaghetti because I had so much, and I did sauté the carrots with the onion and celery, along with 2 cloves of minced garlic. I also added several shakes of garlic powder at the end. Since I did not have any pre-cooked chicken on hand but wanted to make this, I followed the procedure in the video for the best chicken noodle soup ever on this site. (Placing the raw chicken in my pot and covering it with cold water until completely submerged, and boiling/simmering that with celery leaves for about 20-25 min. since I only had about a .75lb boneless skinless chicken breast. Next time I will probably add any combo of dried parsley, a bay leaf, dried thyme, peas, and green onion. Made chicken broth from a rotisserie chicken. Save the white meat and simmer the rest all day. Strain and go. Yum! Followed some suggestions from others - saute 2 cloves of garlic, saute the carrots with the onions and celery and cook the noodles seperate and mixed it all together at the end. Fabulous! Delicious! I did like other reviewers and added fresh chopped garlic. I also cubed uncooked chicken and just cooked it in the broth. Added the noodles at the very end for 10 min. With my slight modifications, I'm rating this a 5 star. I've never cooked chicken noodle soup in my life so I'm thankful for this recipe giving me a base to work with. I used 1 cup carrots, 1 cup onions, and 1 cup of celery. I followed other reviewer's advice and sauteed the veggies in garlic and butter. I added the broth. All chicken broth, cause that's all I had. I used 3 chicken breasts, cubed, and dumped that in the broth. Bring to a boil and then let it simmer for 30 minutes. Then I added the egg noodles for another 10 minutes at the end. Delicious!! A lot of the seasoning stuck to the chicken and gave it a lot of flavor. This soup definitely hit the spot. The entire family loved it! I really enjoyed this - of course, I altered it a little. I added garlic and doubled the vegetables and used fresh basil. I also added almost a whole can of cream of mushroom soup in the last 10 minutes or so. I didn't have veg broth so I used all chicken (some homemade, some in the carton). I didn't pre cook the chicken. I just cubed it and threw it in the pot with everything else and cooked it all together. Yummy. I just made this tonight and it was delish!!! It was just my husband and me so adjusted the recipe like this.... Sauteed about 1/2 cup chopped onion, 1 stalk celery chopped,1 thinly sliced carrot and 1 clove minced garlic. Then added 3 cans fat-free low sodium chicken broth, 1/4 tsp each of dried basil and oregano...brought to a boil and added a little over a half of bag of Reames egg noodles, cooked for 2o minutes and added about 1 1/2 cups cut up Costco rotisserie chicken left over from night before and heated it through....couldn't be easier and couldn't be better! Thanks allrecipes.com for such great recipes...LOVE this site!  This was easy and had great flavor.  I did add turnip and abit of onion.  It brought out a bit more  flavor for me.  I found the second day the soup was more intense in flavor.  My family loves this soup. I used the whole rotisserie chicken for seasoning.  The idea came from one of the reviewers and the soup turned out wonderful!! Added garlic, bay leaves & more veggies. Also didn't add the noodles until later & let the soup simmer for longer. Absolutely amazing, perfect for the sickos in the house. Will always recommend I bought a rotisserie chicken and used that. I also just eyeballed the ingredients and added about double the veggies and chicken and fewer noodles. This recipe is fantastic. Easy soup recipe’. I will definitely make it again! Absolutely delicious! I made it for my dear hubby suffering from a terrible cold. He couldn’t get enough of it. I made it twice in one week! Chef’s kiss Easy to make and hit the spot.
