Candied Yams
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/26482/candied-yams/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Place drained sweet potatoes in a medium baking dish. Distribute butter pieces evenly over the sweet potatoes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Sprinkle with brown sugar. Layer with miniature marshmallows. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until sweet potatoes are tender and marshmallows have melted, about 20 to 25 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
My first Thanksgiving in charge and this dish was wonderful! I prepared it ahead of time so I'll give the details in case it helps someone else. Four large fresh yams (microwaved 20 minutes per a previous reviewer) peeled and cubed (they were almost too soft to cube) fit in a 1 1/2 quart casserole. I added the butter, sugar and a cup of marshmallows and left it in the fridge. Nothing I had was cooking at 400, so I tossed it in for 20-30 minutes with some other things at 350, and for another 20-25 at 375. I left it covered that entire time as I wanted it to heat up, but not burn. The marshmallows melted in and it was all golden bubbly goodness. I covered the top with more marshmallows and popped it back in uncovered long enough for the marshmallows to merge and get toasty. (Just about the same time it takes to brown the french onions on the green bean casserole!) They held a soft cube form long enough to pick up with a fork, but dissolved the minute they hit your mouth. Scrumptious!Second time around, I peeled the yams first and cubed them and steamed them until tender. It seemed MUCH easier for me than microwaving first and the final texture came out better. I used too much butter, though, and it was very watery in the bottom. Or there may be something to using a higher heat to carmelize the sugar. Still tasted great! I make this recipe every Thanksgiving but I roast the yams. We made this for our Easter ham dinner and it went perfectly! So delicious. Love the sweet from the toasty marshmallows. I have always looked forward to the sweet potatoes and this recipe is one of the best I've ever had! Simple and easy.  The dish was perfect. Easy and delicious! Excellent recipe especially with cinnamon and nutmeg added to brown sugar!!! Just like my mom used to make. Delicious! I doubled the recipe for my 25 guests, and almost all of it was eaten. I'll definitely be making this every time I host. Easy and yummy!
