Pumpkin Dip
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/26498/pumpkin-dip/
Beat confectioners' sugar and cream cheese in a medium serving bowl with an electric mixer until smooth. Gradually blend in pumpkin. Mix in cinnamon, pumpkin pie spice, and juice concentrate until well blended. Chill in the refrigerator until serving.
I have a problem with the cream cheese being lumpy every time I make this. I finally solved my problem. I microwaved the cream cheese just to barely warm. I cut the sugar back to 1 cup and I didn't add the OJ. It was very good and not too sugary. The taste is wonderful! I bought soft cream cheese and thought I could just cream with the confectioners sugar. Cannot do. Have little lumps in dip. I beat for several minutes but did not help. Didn't have the pumpkin pie spice so did what others did - increased cinnamon, added dashes of ginger and all spice. Recipes makes at least 3 cups of dip. I reduced the sugar by half and it was much more balanced in flavor. Thanks for the recipes! I made this dip last year for our fall potluck at work and it was a huge hit. I made it again this year for a local cooking contest and won 1st place in the Miscellaneous category.  It's so easy to make and incredibly delicious! Very creamy I added a bit much cream cheese, however I was low on the pumpkin and sugar I did not like this at all. It was entirely too sweet for my liking and reminded me of raw pie batter in taste. Made it exactly the same as recipe Delicious! This turned out wonderful! Made it to accompany Grandma's gingersnap cookies (this site) and it was incredible. Thank you for sharing. We will be making this for the holiday season. Meh, maybe it was just my personal taste, but I didn't like the flavor of this, too much over powering pumpkin flavor. I followed another person's recommendation and used ground ginger, nutmeg and cloves in place of the pumpkin pie spice. Next time I'll use the pumpkin pie spice. There was too much clove for my taste. Wonderful and easy recipe. Still gave it 5 stars because I didn't follow the original recipe. This came out very runny and way too sweet as the recipe stands.  To tone it down and firm it up I added 1 1/2 cups of ricotta cheese and placed it in the fridge for a few hours.  Along with some Trader Joe’s triple ginger cookie this, it seemed to do the trick!
