Filipino Beef Giniling (Afritada Style)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/265040/filipino-beef-giniling-afritada-style/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add beef and 1/2 cup water; cook and stir until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Season with black pepper and add more water as needed; do not let beef dry out. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add potatoes, carrots, and 3 tablespoons soy sauce; cook for 4 minutes, adding more water if mixture is too dry. Add raisins and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, again adding water as needed. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour in one can tomato sauce. Fill the can with water and swirl to remove excess sauce; pour into the saucepan. Stir in remaining 1/2 can sauce until combined. Add more water as needed to create a saucy but not soupy consistency. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in bell pepper, sugar, and remaining 3 tablespoons soy sauce. Cook, stirring occasionally and adding water as needed so sauce does not dry out, until all vegetables are tender, about 3 to 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I made this because I was missing my mom’s Filipino home cooking. Easy to make and it is definitely a Filipino comfort food for me and my family. It's mouth-watering. Delicious and great. Tried it and loved it! Appreciate all the veggies in this recipe and its simple to do too! easy recipe to follow, thanks! This is my favorite food since when I was a kid,  I made this now and my American boyfriend likes it.  1 out of 10? Solid 8. Didn't use as much water, put less sugar, added peas and used ground chicken instead of ground beef. Pretty good :) i did a great job! better than when i made it last time! hmmmm Very good, but I think I needed to add more water to make a sauce. Great recipe to follow. I was craving this dish after returning from my trip to the Philippines and it came out just as I imagined it to be!! I used beef stock instead of water and just eyed how much I needed. Used one potato instead. Brown sugar 3 table spoons. One of my favorite childhood dishes. This recipe is really yummy, thank you! Also thank your excluding the peas. I agree with previous poster. I did not add all the water because I was afraid it was getting too soupy. Next time I'll start with 2 tbsp of sugar and work my way up. The 4 tbsp was a bit sweet for my personal preference so I added more soy sauce and salt to balance.
