Instant Pot Meatloaf
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/265169/instant-pot-meatloaf/
Make the meatloaf: Mix beef, bread crumbs, onion, apple, egg, garlic powder, salt, and pepper in a large bowl until evenly blended. otdash Meredith Food Studio Shape the beef mixture into a loaf and place on a large piece of aluminum foil. Fold the foil up and around the edges of the meatloaf, creating a makeshift loaf pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour 1/2 cup water into a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot) and place the steam rack inside with the handles up. Place the meatloaf on top of the rack. Close and lock the lid; seal the vent. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 25 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. otdash Meredith Food Studio Set an oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler. Release cooker pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to the manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Transfer meatloaf, still on the rack, to a baking sheet. Broil meatloaf in the oven until browned, about 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Meanwhile, make the topping: Combine ketchup, mustard, and brown sugar in a small bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Brush over meatloaf and broil again until caramelized, 1 to 2 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Made recipe exactly as called for but used a springform pan on a trivet . AMAZING! Kids loved it! (I would make extra sauce to serve with it next time)***I also cooked it with a bunch of halved potatoes and 1 cup chicken broth + 1/2 stick butter + 1/4 cup Parmesan in the bottom, which I then blended. So we got yummy mashed potatoes and meatloaf out of one 25 minute Instapot meal! (If you do this, skip the water in the pot called for in the recipe)*** Very good! I used habanero mustard because we like it spicy here AND- I didn’t have any yellow mustard. I also used ground turkey instead of beef. Delicious! I've made it twice now, this time without the apple and brown sugar. Whole family loved the regular recipe. They loved the second a little more, but it's now definitely in the rotation.Thanks for the great recipe! Easy to make and was very tender and juicy. The topping added that extra flavor of sweetness. My husband said it’s the best meatloaf he has ever had🤣 I love allrecipes! I typically read through reviews and adjust the recipe hear and there. This recipe had very few recommendations so I stuck pretty close.  I used panko because it's what I had and added about 1-2 TBS fresh chopped parsley because it needed to be used.  Doubled the sauce.  I used a bundt pan (with 1 C water in pot) instead of loaf shape in foil. Cooked for 25 minutes and NR.  Drained the grease off and flipped it out of bundt pan onto foil lined pan and broiled as directed. I put half the sauce on top and half the sauce heated in a pan on the stove for anyone who wanted.  Huge hit!!! Flavor great! But not sure I like it cooked in insta pot rather then oven. The only thing that I didn't like was the glaze, I will use a different one next time but otherwise it cooked great in the instapot and 4min on broil came out awesome. I used half ground beef and half Turkey. Yummy Yum. So delicious. My husband loved it. I love the sweet and sour taste combination so it’s a winner here. I did it according to the recipe.
