Birria de Res Tacos (Beef Birria Tacos)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/265338/birria-de-res-tacos-beef-birria-tacos/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Fill a pot with water and bring to a boil. llRecipes / Ana Caden Start the sauce: Add guajillo, arbol, and ancho chile peppers to the boiling water; boil for 5 minutes. llRecipes / Ana Caden Remove pot from the heat and allow peppers to soak until cool. Drain, reserving 1/4 cup of the cooking water. llRecipes / Ana Caden Meanwhile, sear the meat: Rinse beef and pat dry with paper towels. Cut beef into chunks if desired, and season with salt and pepper. llRecipes / Ana Caden Heat oil in a Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add beef and cook until browned on all sides, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat. llRecipes / Ana Caden While the beef is searing, continue the sauce: Line a heavy cast-iron grill pan or griddle with aluminum foil and place over high heat. Arrange tomatoes in a single layer on top. Grill until tomato skin is burned on all sides and begins to peel, 3 to 5 minutes. llRecipes / Ana Caden Place cooled chile peppers into a blender. Add grilled tomatoes, vinegar, garlic, 2 teaspoons black pepper, cloves, cinnamon, cumin, thyme, marjoram, oregano, and salt in a blender. Pour in the reserved 1/4 cup of chile water and blend until smooth. llRecipes / Ana Caden Strain chile sauce through a mesh strainer and pour over browned meat in the Dutch oven, turning the roast so it is completely covered with sauce; cover with a lid. llRecipes / Ana Caden Bake in the preheated oven, basting meat every 45 minutes with sauce, until birria begins to fall apart, 3 to 4 hours. Remove the lid and bake, uncovered, until birria is crispy on top, about 20 minutes. Remove from oven, cover with 2 layers of aluminum foil, and allow to rest in a warm area for 10 minutes. llRecipes / Ana Caden Remove meat to a cutting board and strain off any fat from the sauce. Shred meat with two forks, then return meat to the pot and stir with the sauce to combine. llRecipes / Ana Caden Assemble and heat tacos: Fill each tortilla with birria and top with Mexican cheese, chopped onion, and cilantro. Warm tortillas on a griddle, flipping until both sides are crispy and cheese is melted. llRecipes / Ana Caden Serve with extra sauce on the side for dipping.
I prepared this in an instapot - the only thing i changed was the amount of time it cooked in the instapot. I used all ingredients and the flavors were DELICIOUS! My husband and kids loved it so much they're asking me to make it again. My husband said these were the best tacos he ever had Fabulous and no changes I enjoyed this as did my family. However, 1/4 cup of chile water is not enough. You really do need more to make it right. Otherwise, it all evaporates as you cook it down, leaving chile paste.  And the tomato's go in the blender with everything else. It does not give you that information in the directions.  As for straining, that's a personal preference. It's not "necessary" but if you don't want to get any chile skin pieces at all, then strain. Otherwise, mix and drop it all in the pot with extra chile water from the boil. Don't over cook the meat either or it'll dry out on you. Otherwise, it was tasty. I made this recipe twice.  First as published up to the point of making the tacos (I chose to make burritos instead of tacos using freshly made pico de gallo).  I liked it so much that I decided to make it as my offering to our sturgeon-fishing party during our trip to the Rainy River (three of us happen to love to cook).  Because one of was group was somewhat sensitive to spicy heat, I substituted pasilla peppers for the chili de arbol peppers and also used a leaner bottom round roast instead of the chuck roast.  It was not quite as flavorful as the first but still really good.  It was served with Mexican rice and Calabacitas con Elote (Zucchini with Corn).  I vacuum bagged it and made the sides fresh as the Birria was warming in a pot.  It travels well refrigerated (and probably frozen and thawed).  Great do-ahead meal.  I plan to make it regularly for burritos (one of my go-to lunch preparations.  Thanks for a great recipe. The flavor was fantastic! The only criticism I have is the same as other comments. No mention of what to do with the tomatoes after cooking, but the video shows what to do. Same with the 1/4 cup chile water, I added more and some beef broth to get sufficient dipping sauce.  Everything else was on point!! My wife and kids loved it! I do this in the instapot instead of the slow cooker.  Takes approximately 50 minutes in the instapot.   EVERYONE who has tried them has loved them. I followed this recipe as written, although not written very well.  For an experienced cook, things can be figured out, but for someone just learning to master things in the kitchen, it’s a bit confusing.  That being said, it was a lot of steps.  The recipe states that if it is cooked in a crockpot, it will lose flavor but I disagree now that I have cooked as written.  It was good enough to fix again but I will tweak it next time to give the meat more flavor.  The sauce is good, but without dipping the taco, it’s pretty bland.  I’ll use a slow cooker next time for simplicity and season the meat a bit more at the end of cooking, and might use canned fire roasted tomatoes (drained).  Note to newbies in the kitchen:  The tomatoes go in the blender after they are roasted, along with the peppers and spices.
