Maple and Brown Sugar Oatmeal
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/265505/maple-and-brown-sugar-oatmeal/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bring water to a boil in a small pot. Add oats and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove from heat and stir in brown sugar and maple syrup. Let sit until desired thickness is reached, 2 to 3 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio
6.16.18 The brown sugar and maple syrup give the oatmeal just enough sweetness, but doesn’t overpower. Next time I’ll cut back just a bit on the amount of the water, husband thought it was a little runny, but that's just personal taste. Scaled the recipe to two servings, and this does make a big bowl of oatmeal; in this house, it was more like three servings. Garnished with some sliced banana and a sprinkle of brown sugar. This is quick and easy for sure! I was about to make this with the idea in my head BEFORE taking a look at the recipe, and guess what? I was right! I didn't have the exact measurements, but I was going to go by taste, which I did anyway, and it came out just great! I ❤️ maple - brown sugar oatmeal! Too sweet and too runny I made one bowl as instructed and a modified bowl and prefer my modifications. The one as instructed had absorbed more water, so it was more mushy similar to mashed potatoes, and I like it less mushy. I feel like if it was boiled off while stirring, it could look like the recipe's picture, but mine wasn't cooperating.I loved:3/4c oats3/4c water, boiled from kettlepinch of kosher saltCombine above in a bowl, stirring frequently until most of the water has been absorbed, about 1 minute.2tps real Canadian maple syrup1 unpacked tsp brown sugarMix and enjoy! This recipe was great for me and my dad's breakfast! Although I believe it is better to use a little but less water, maybe about a quarter cup less per serving. Added more butter.. didn't have maple syrup...any suggestions please. I have oatmeal, brown sugar and butter, and that's all..can you help with these ingredients..I can't afford or physically shop.. I love oatmeal Did a little adjustment..1 1/3 cup of Milk1/2  cup of water4tsp of Brown Sugar1tsp of White Suger1tsp MapleSplash or almond extractSplash of vanilla extract5 pinches of salt (I thinks.. I kept pinching and tasting till it was balanced)Boiled till done and simmered to consistency.Then volia!!Delicious. The maple syrup gave it the taste I was looking for.Thanks 👍 Loved it So I saw the recipe and it's simple and to the point. I didn't have quick oats (not a fan, doesn't allow for more elaborte recipes), so I used old fashion Great Value (walmart brand). Still worked out great just have to adjust the time to the instructions on the box.The reviews seem to state it could use a bit more and that's probably true considering it's a very simple easy quick fix breakfast meal. So what I did was, after the water bubbled, then the water and oats bubbled, added about a teaspoon to a tablespoon of milk, a half tablespoon (stick variety) of butter per serving while the oatmeal boiled and stirred it in. After finishing the the oatmeal then I added the sweeteners. smoother but not overdone, the flavors of the maple brown sugar and honey blended well together without being overtly sweet; very satisfying. This really satisfied my craving for the “packet” stuff!  This is so much better!  Can’t wait to have it again!  I added a pinch of salt and a tiny splash of vanilla.  Definitely a new favorite!  Thank you!!!!
