Instant Pot® Pulled Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/265527/instant-pot-pulled-chicken/
Mix salt, paprika, garlic powder, onion powder, and pepper in a bowl. Cut chicken into 3- to 4-inch pieces and place in a large resealable plastic bag. Sprinkle salt mixture over chicken, seal the bag, and shake to coat chicken. Pour water into a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot®). Place the wire rack into the pot. Arrange chicken on the rack. Close and lock the lid. Select Meat/Poultry function. Set timer for 50 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 10 minutes. Transfer chicken to a bowl. Shred using 2 forks. Add 1/2 cup of liquid from the pot and liquid smoke to the bowl. Mix well. Serve on buns and top with barbeque sauce.
I haven't made this yet, but I just wanted to add to the method. I cook 16 to 18 breasts at once in my Instant Pot. Afterwards, I use a hand mixer to shred the chicken. Usually takes me about 3 minutes. Major time and wrist saver! Very tasty and easy to make. When I cooked the chicken I did it for 8 minutes manual(thought 50 minutes was too long)with a 10 minute natural release. Instead of using forks I used my electric mixer to shred the chicken. This is delicious, even without the Liquid smoke. I cooked for 16 min and then did a few min of pressure release before manually releasing. Such great flavor. I added more spice than called for. Makes more than you think it will. Excelent great tasting 5 stars for taste, simplicity and easy to make. WARNING! DO NOT PRESSURE COOK FOR 50 MINUTES! Heck, when I saw that I knew it would be quicker in the oven! Thanks to a comment that said MANUAL (High Pressure) and 8 minutes in Instant Pot. 50 minutes is way longer than needed for shredded chicken. Manual 10 minutes is enough time to easily shred the chicken for this recipe. I liked it and so Did my family. It was simple and we had the ingredients on hand. We are also going to freeze leftovers and bring them camping. This was easy to make, but not well received by the family. We felt it lacked flavor and tasted about the same as just making chicken and then throwing a ton of bbq sauce over it. If you have about 2 bottles of bbq to put on it, it'll probably taste pretty good. I used 4 lb. chicken, doubled the spices and manualy pressure cooked only 10 minutes.  Was perfect at that cooking time.
