Vegan Pumpkin Spice Cake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/265864/vegan-pumpkin-spice-cake/
Boil 1 cup water and mix with instant coffee in a measuring cup or mug. Set aside to cool. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a rectangular 9x13-inch baking pan. Combine flour, sugar, mixed spice, baking powder, salt, cinnamon, nutmeg, and ginger in a bowl and mix well. Add cooled coffee, oil, and 3/4 cup water and mix until well combined. Fold in pumpkin puree and vanilla extract; mix well. Pour batter evenly into the prepared baking pan. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean or almost clean, as this cake can be quite sticky, about 30 minutes. Cool on a wire rack for 5 minutes. Run a table knife around the edges to loosen. Invert cake carefully onto a serving plate or cooling rack. Cool at least 15 minutes more before cutting.
I'm not vegan but I love this cake! It is so delicious and moist and stays that way for days. Perfect with coffee for breakfast. I followed to a T except I did reduce the sugar to 1 cup and it was still plenty sweet. I also used olive oil for the vegetable oil. Give this recipe a try, you won't be disappointed! I made this for Christmas as my SIL is vegan. The batter tasted delicious so I was hopeful. I tried the option suggested in one of the comments using less oil and more pumpkin. When I pulled it out of the oven it was flat as a pancake and hadn’t risen at all. The only thing I can figure out is that my baking powder was too old (I checked the date later and it was expired), I needed to increase the amount of baking powder to deal with the increased amount of pumpkin, OR I somehow forgot to add it to the dry ingredients. It had the consistency of rubber, literally. A couple of us tried to eat a small piece, but in the end, it was thrown out. I gave it two stars because the batter tasted good; otherwise it would have only received one star. At some time in the future I MAY try it with the new baking powder I just bought. Used 1/4 tsp cloves, 1 tsp allspice, 3/4 tsp cinnamon, and 1/2 tsp ginger  for the "mixed spice." I was worried that 4 tsp total of spices would be too much, but it just right. Reduce the oil to 1/2 c and increased the pumpkin to 1 c. I have a family member is can't eat dairy, so this was perfect. The whole family really enjoyed it. Topped each piece with either coconut whipped cream or dairy whipped cream. The coffee added a wonderful undertone to the flavors. Made this for a kids birthday party and everyone loved it - I used decaf coffee and sunflower oil I'm not vegan but I love this cake! It is so delicious and moist and stays that way for days. Perfect with coffee for breakfast. I followed to a T except I did reduce the sugar to 1 cup and it was still plenty sweet. I also used olive oil for the vegetable oil. Give this recipe a try, you won't be disappointed!
