Sheet Pan Ground Beef, Potato, and Carrot Dinner
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/26611/sheet-pan-ground-beef-potato-and-carrot-dinner/
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a sheet pan with aluminum foil. Shape the ground beef into patties and place in pan. Layer the vegetables on top of the beef patties, starting with the potatoes, then carrots and finally onions. Season with salt, pepper and garlic salt to taste. Cover with aluminum foil and seal edges. Bake in the preheated oven until beef is no longer pink and vegetables are tender, about 1 hour.
My whole family loved it! Easy clean up too! The only change I made from the original recipe was to follow another reviewers advice & add beefy onion soup mix to the ground beef before making the patties. We will definitely eat this again! It reminds me of pot roast flavors, but a lot quicker to make.  My husband loved it, and so did I. Anything with beef and potatoes is gonna be great! Absolutely yummy. Super quick and easy to make For those complaining of it being bland— add some Moore’s or Dale’s steak sauce into the meat! Makes it so much better. Garlic and Tarragon were added to the patties for an added kick of flavor. I also added an egg to bind the patties together. I used some beef broth and Worcestershire sauce for a simple gravy. I added Worcestershire, onion powder, butter, and mushrooms. I seasoned both sides of the patties as well as adding the seasoning to the top of the veggies. It was really good, my husband loved it. I love these and make them frequently. My family adds squash and zucchini. It’s amazing. Was so happy to see that others have been making this. I have made them for many years, but as individual portions. I do season the ground beef with garlic powder, chives, and finely dices green peppers. I also add worcestershire sauce and hamburger seasoning to the patties. I thinly slice my potatoes, carrots and onions and place the patty on top. I've baked them in the oven and also grilled them outdoors. Once cooked, I top the patties with some shredded colby-jack cheese and allow a few extra minutes to melt on top. Clean up is easy and the reviews from the family says dinner is one happy success!
