Sheet Pan Chicken with Mozzarella, Pesto, and Broccoli
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/266136/sheet-pan-chicken-with-mozzarella-pesto-and-broccoli/
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Lightly grease a large sheet pan. Season chicken with garlic salt and pepper; place onto the prepared sheet pan. Spread pesto over chicken, then top with tomatoes and mozzarella. Toss broccoli and oil together in a bowl; season with salt and pepper. Scatter around chicken on the baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until broccoli is tender and chicken is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, 15 to 20 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Good, simple recipe if you go with a solid store-bought pesto. Would be even better with homemade in summer with garden tomatoes. Be careful with the seasoning on the broccoli, as the pesto saltiness bleeds down into it. Kid-friendly and a nice way to sneak in a tasty low-carb, nutrient-heavy satisfying meal. The chicken was tasty and tender. The broccoli was overcooked for us at 15 minutes so would suggest cooking it less. I put the chicken back in for a total of 20 minutes and it was perfect but I cut into smaller pieces. Easy and quick! I also used small grape tomatoes as I didn’t have any romas. I’ve had this recipe saved for years and finally tried it last night. I’m sorry I waited so long! This is the kind of recipe that makes me ask why more people don’t cook from scratch because it’s super easy. I only made two changes because I didn’t have things on hand: fresh, chunky tomato sauce instead of Roma tomatoes and zucchini instead of broccoli. I also used chicken thighs instead of breasts since we like those better. Great and easy dish that can be used for company, too! This was simply delicious!  My hubby can't have nuts, so I omit them from the pesto.  This is huge hit in my house!! This is sooo good. My family and I get together for dinner on Wednesday; according to my mom, it is the best Wednesday dinner so far! This was fantastic & flavorful! No modifications made, other than I probably used a touch more mozzarella. Delicious and easy. You can pile in the broccoli, as it really condenses down upon cooking. Will make again, maybe trying fresh mozzarella next time. This was very good.  I used 6 chicken breasts and 3 1/2 cups of broccoli florets using 2 cookie sheets.  Next time I will cut back on the  salt.  (The cheese contributes quite a bit of salt.) This is absolutely one of our favorite meals!  I have recommended it to several friends. Delicious as is.  Super easy and quick.  Will be a regular dish  in our household.
