Red Curry Coconut Squash Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/267054/red-curry-coconut-squash-soup/
Peel butternut squash. Cut in half lengthwise and scoop out seeds. Cut flesh into cubes. Melt 2 tablespoons butter and coconut oil in a soup pot over medium-high heat. Add onion and cook until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add squash, red peppers, red curry paste, ginger, and garlic. Mix thoroughly and cook for 5 to 7 minutes. Add extra butter if the pot dries out, to avoid burning onion or squash. Pour coconut milk and skim milk into the pot; bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer soup, stirring often, until squash is soft, about 25 minutes. Pour 1/3 of the soup into a blender. Cover and hold lid down with a potholder; pulse a few times before leaving on to blend. Pour into a large bowl. Repeat twice more.
This was a nice flavor, but a little too thick of a consistency for me to want to eat it as a soup. I realize the size of my squash may have been a factor, but it was medium sized for the options I had. Would be wonderful as a sauce with rice, veggies & chicken. I will add some broth before I eat it again. I liked the flavor though...nice to have a different take on butternut squash soup! Very good recipe...I didn't have the red peppers,-- they would have been an excellent addition! I might have added some cayenne pepper for a little flavor spike...all around delicious curry flavor! Should have added chicken and poured it over rice. MMmmmmmm! good! Didn't have red curry,so I used regular curry . 1 tbsp. It was DELISH Excellent flavor. I added 1\2 cup chicken broth to thin the soup out a little. Will only use one tablespoon of red curry paste the next time I make this so my daughter will be able to eat it as well. First off, I deplore! measurements like, "1 squash" or 1/2 onion.  WHAT SIZE?  Is it so hard to be specific as in cups, teaspoons, etc?  AARGH!  In any event, I made a half recipe, as is my standard procedure for new recipes.  This sounded like it would be good.  I love red curry, and had high hopes.  Actually, the recipe was quite good, even though my husband did not like it.  However, a few cautions:  I used one green pepper because I did not have any red peppers.  The overwhelming flavor of the soup was green pepper.  I would definitely cut back.  I used half a can of coconut milk, and ended up adding the rest because the soup was so thick it could almost not be stirred.  All said and done, this tasted like red curry sauce overwhelmed with green pepper, with a hint of squash.  IF I make it again, I will definitely cut down on the pepper and have extra coconut milk on hand! First off, I deplore! measurements like, "1 squash" or 1/2 onion.  WHAT SIZE?  Is it so hard to be specific as in cups, teaspoons, etc?  AARGH!  In any event, I made a half recipe, as is my standard procedure for new recipes.  This sounded like it would be good.  I love red curry, and had high hopes.  Actually, the recipe was quite good, even though my husband did not like it.  However, a few cautions:  I used one green pepper because I did not have any red peppers.  The overwhelming flavor of the soup was green pepper.  I would definitely cut back.  I used half a can of coconut milk, and ended up adding the rest because the soup was so thick it could almost not be stirred.  All said and done, this tasted like red curry sauce overwhelmed with green pepper, with a hint of squash.  IF I make it again, I will definitely cut down on the pepper and have extra coconut milk on hand! This was a nice flavor, but a little too thick of a consistency for me to want to eat it as a soup. I realize the size of my squash may have been a factor, but it was medium sized for the options I had. Would be wonderful as a sauce with rice, veggies & chicken.  I will add some broth before I eat it again.  I liked the flavor though...nice to have a different take on butternut squash soup! I feel confident giving this 5 stars it is cooking now and smells delish! I have tasted it,(tastes even better than it smells) but it has not gone in the blender yet. Excited to serve this!!
