Ghoulishly Good Halloween Snack Mix
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/267537/ghoulishly-good-halloween-snack-mix/
Preheat the oven to 255 degrees F (124 degrees C). Combine corn snacks, cheese crackers, popcorn, and pretzel sticks in a large roasting pan. Bring brown sugar, corn syrup, butter, and salt to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally. Cook, stirring frequently, for 5 minutes. Remove from heat; stir in vanilla extract and baking soda. Pour the syrup over the snack mixture in the roasting pan; stir to coat. Bake in the preheated oven for 1 hour, stirring to coat every 15 minutes. Line a countertop with waxed paper. Spread snack mix into a single layer on top. Place candy coating in a microwave-safe bowl and heat for 1 minute. Stir until smooth and place a dot of the melted candy on the back of a candy eyeball; attach to a corn snack. Repeat with remaining eyeballs. Transfer snack mix to a large bowl. Stir in candy corn and peanut butter candy pieces.
I failed to buy the candy caoting and thought the sticky sauce would hold it all together. I was way wrong! Don't leave that part out! The eyeballs were left sitting in the bottom of the bowl in the end. I also left out the candy corn because I'm not a fan and that was not missed :)I gave it 5 stars because I have been asked to share the recipe! People seemed to like it, but I didn't care for the Cheez-Its. Store was out of eyeballs,  so I skipped that part. Labor intensive but a big hit! I failed to buy the candy caoting and thought the sticky sauce would hold it all together.  I was way wrong!  Don't leave that part out!  The eyeballs were left sitting in the bottom of the bowl in the end.  I also left out the candy corn because I'm not a fan and that was not missed :)I gave it 5 stars because I have been asked to share the recipe! Delicious snack. I left out the cheezits as I was doubtful of how the cheese snacks would go with the caramel coating. Tasty and festive treat! Easy to make...I was going to double the batch, but the recipe alone was PLENTY!
