Grilled German Potato Salad
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/267828/grilled-german-potato-salad/
Preheat an outdoor grill to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) and lightly oil the grate. Arrange potatoes on grill grate; grill, flipping occasionally, until barely just tender when poked with a skewer, about 15 minutes. Let sit until cool enough to handle. Cook bacon in a skillet over medium heat until grease becomes foamy, about 5 minutes. Remove half the bacon with a slotted spoon; drain on paper towels and reserve for topping. Add onion to remaining bacon in the skillet; cook until translucent, about 5 minutes more. Meanwhile, peel potatoes. Cut into quarters, then into 1/2-inch slices. Place in a bowl. Stir vinegar, sugar, salt, black pepper, and cayenne into bacon-onion mixture. Increase heat to medium-high; bring to a boil. Stir and remove dressing from heat. Pour dressing over potatoes; toss to combine. Let sit for 5 minutes. Stir again; add parsley and top with reserved bacon. Enjoy warm.
I boiled the potatoes whole instead of grilling them. Too hot for the grill today. My husband loved it. He knows his German potato salad. Wow, my guest and I ruined our appetites because this was served first. Simply yummy. Boiled potatoes do not have a grill. But followed the recipe exactly.This is the best potato salad I've ever had!! I have been making this for years and my grandson said it was better than his other grandmothers (who is a professional cook) and he ask for me to make this several times a month.  He doesn't often times praise my cooking but when he does, I know it is high quality coming from him! We loved it! Reminded us of the potato salad at Ted Peter's near St. Pete, Florida. The recipe is a keeper! I did not care for it. However, i grew up eating a specific German potato salad at a specific BBQ place in Athens, Texas. I did modify the recipe, though. Small golden potatoes and half the sugar. My wife liked it. Another great recipe Chef John! I've made this over a dozen times and it's always a hit.  Wonderful served with pulled pork or burgers. This reminds  me of the German potato  salad my  mother made when I was a  kid. It was not overpowered by the vinegar like another recipe  I tried. I did  not have Yukon Gold potatoes, so I used  the red  potatoes that I had. I boiled them and  left the skins on. My husband asked me to make it again. Delicious. I decided to smoke the potatoes using mesquite wood and kept the skins on instead of peeling. Amazing flavor. Used about half of the Italian Parsley than what the recipe called for and added a bit more bacon...because it's bacon. This recipe was awesome. Brought me back to my  childhood and a plate of sausage, sauerkraut, and potato salad. Definitely keeping this recipe.
