Zombie Eyes (Halloween Meatballs)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/267912/zombie-eyes-halloween-meatballs/
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook spaghetti in the boiling water, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 12 minutes. Drain and set aside. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Whisk Parmesan cheese, bread crumbs, egg, garlic, parsley, basil, and oregano together in a large mixing bowl. Fold in ground beef and mix with your hands until blended. Form 16 equal-sized meatballs using a cookie scoop. Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Brown meatballs for 3 minutes on each side. Transfer cooked meatballs to a baking sheet using tongs. Bake browned meatballs in the oven for 8 minutes. While meatballs bake, use a plastic straw to punch a hole through each olive half to create a circular "pupil." Use the same straw to punch a hole through the center of each string cheese slice. Insert the round olive piece inside the hole in the string cheese slice to create "eyes." Remove meatballs from the oven; set aside until cool enough to handle. Assemble zombie eyes by twirling a few strands of cooked spaghetti around each of 16 forks. Spear a meatball onto each fork and arrange forks on a serving platter. Spoon a dot of spaghetti sauce onto each meatball where you want to place the "eyes." Apply the olive-cheese "eye" over the sauce. Spoon remaining spaghetti sauce over the twirled spaghetti on the forks.
I used the meatball recipe, added a little ground pork, but did not make the eyeballs. Made a huge batch and froze them. Did not measure the ingredients, but pretty foolproof, and probably used more cheese than called for. :) Very tasty. Great for a quick appetizer, pop them into homemade spaghetti sauce, brown gravy and rice. Have made several times. A winner. good food Tripled.  Baked 35-40 minutes at 350 on two trays.  Used large ice cream scoop to make about 27.  Places on white tray, topped with a little spaghetti sauce and a candy eye. I used the meatball recipe, added a little ground pork, but did not make the eyeballs. Made a huge batch and froze them. Did not measure the ingredients, but pretty foolproof, and probably used more cheese than called for.  :) Very tasty. Great for a quick appetizer, pop them into homemade spaghetti sauce, brown gravy and rice. Have made several times. A winner.
