Best Slow Cooker White Chicken Chili
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/267914/best-slow-cooker-white-chicken-chili/
Place tomatillos, onion, serrano pepper, and garlic in a hot cast iron skillet and cook until blackened, turning frequently, 7 to 10 minutes. Peel garlic cloves and transfer to a blender. Add the blackened vegetables, cilantro, and salt; blend until smooth. Place chicken broth, beans, chicken, cumin, and salt in a slow cooker. Pour in blended salsa. Cook on High until chicken is tender, 3 to 3 1/2 hours. Set oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil. Place Hatch peppers with cut sides down onto the prepared baking sheet. Cook under the preheated broiler until the skin of the peppers has blackened and blistered, 5 to 8 minutes. Place blackened peppers into a bowl and cover tightly with plastic wrap. Allow peppers to steam as they cool, about 10 minutes. Remove 1 cup beans from the slow cooker; mash and stir back in. Remove chicken breasts and shred using 2 forks. Stir into the slow cooker. Peel broiled peppers and dice flesh into 1-inch pieces; add to the slow cooker. Sprinkle in Jack cheese. Cook until chili is warmed through, about 30 minutes more.
I took OP's advice and used a jar of salsa verde since I had one in the cupboard. This was outstanding soup. This will be my go to now. It think it will make an excellent base for chicken tortilla soup (without the beans) also. I use the jarred salsa verde, but this is excellent soup! Great recipe I used a rotisserie chicken added even more flavor and red chili flakes I had a leftover rotisary chicken from Costco that I shreded for this soup. I found a jar of hatch chile tomatillo saslsa also at Costco. Instead of cooking it in the slow cooker I made it on the stove top. I put all the ingredients except the chicken and simmered for 20 minutes then I added the chicken and simmered an additional 10 minutes. I added the cheese last which I doubled. Amazing soup. I took OP's advice and used a jar of salsa verde since I had one in the cupboard. This was outstanding soup. This will be my go to now. It think it will make an excellent base for chicken tortilla soup (without the beans) also.
