Instant Pot Corned Beef
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/268026/instant-pot-corned-beef/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine water, beer, and garlic in a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot). otdash Meredith Food Studio Place trivet inside. Place brisket on the trivet and sprinkle spice packet on top. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 90 minutes. Allow 10 minutes for pressure to build. otdash Meredith Food Studio Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Transfer brisket to a baking sheet, cover with aluminum foil, and let rest for 10 to 15 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
This is my recipe and if f you'd like to do a complete Irish feast, remove the trivet while your brisket is resting and place baby carrots, quartered red potatoes, and cabbage wedges in the bottom of the Instant Pot. Secure the lid, lock, seal, and select the manual setting. Set for 5 minutes. Do a quick release. The rested brisket and vegetables are ready at the same time. I followed the corned beef recipe as written. The brisket I had was a tad bit smaller than called for, but I cooked it as directed and it turned out great. I opted to oven roast carrots and baby potatoes with a small onion. We enjoyed the beef and vegetables with brown bread and a wee bit o' coleslaw. Delish! This is the BEST corned beef recipe ever! I only made two changes: light beer because we did not have dark, and, I happened to have clear chicken soup broth in the fridge so I threw it in instead of water. The smell absolutely drove me crazy it was so good and the taste was pure heaven. Oh, and also the kids don't like to see the seasonings from the package so I tossed them into a little muslin bag and infused...leaving the bag in till removing the meat was done. Thank you, soup loving nicole! Too much liquid and 90 minutes was too long for 3.1 lb brisket. After adding the 2 cups of water with a 12oz. IPA the brisket was nearly submerged. Next time will only use about 4 oz of water if any. I will also place it on a (egg) tray to keep it from boiling in the liquid. While the meat was resting I did add diced red potatoes and a half head of cabbage and set the instant pot for 4 minutes. That came out good, the taters were soft and the cabbage still had a little crunch Excellent recipe. I adjusted a bit as we did not use beer and I only had 2 lb brisket. I cooked for 45m and added the cabbage last. Perfect flavor & temp. This was great, fast and easy! I don't drink alcohol so I used 2 Cups apple juice and a cup of water. I used about 5 lbs of corned beef and cook for 90 minutes. I followed the directions exactly with the exception of no beer and using apple juice. This came out perfect and flavorful. I did use the suggestion of another reviewer that said he put the fat side up to keep the meat moist. That worked really well. Also there was very little shrinkage if any at all. This was perfect and I am definitely saving this recipe for future use! I cooked it for 75 minutes after reading the reviews and it was perfect. I also cooked the vegetables in the liquid while the corned beef as suggested. The timing was perfect. So moist, tasty & easy. I had a 2 pound flat thick corned beef so I cooked it for 20 minutes a pound/ 40 minutes. I used the full amounts of water, Guinness & garlic & couldn’t be happier with this recipe. I did cook the cabbage, baby carrots & potatoes 5 minutes afterwards in that delicious broth (w/ quick release) while the corned beef was resting. It’s now my “go to” St Pat’s recipe!!! This is fantastic! I didn’t have beer. Substituted a Cabernet olive brine. I did a Dijon mustard coating, as another reviewer suggested, so seasoning packet would stick. I had a 2.5lb point cut corned beef and cooked for 60mins...it was perfect!!! I used a 24 ounce can of beer blue moon Belgian white extra water and cabbage meat was very tender and full of flavor This was delicious!! The whole family gave it rave reviews. I followed a suggestion of cooking cabbage and potatoes and carrots while the meat rested. Perfect accompaniment. The only problem was I should have bought a larger brisket! The broth was so delicious I used it to make vegetable sup with the leftover veggies. I added a can of diced tomatoes and drained white beans, a bit of Italian seasoning and fresh ground pepper. This will become a St. Patrick’s Day traditional meal! Very good. So simple I used the corned beef from Costco (Bill Bailey’s) 3lbs ….with Guinness Extra Stout. It turned out perfect!! Excellent!  I used Guinness Draught and substituted beef broth for the water.    Easy and delish!! Loved this recipe!  The only change I'll make next time is to cut my cabbage into smaller wedges. So tasty! Loved it! Added celery to pot and stout beer. I liked how easy it was. I've had an instant for years now and never use it. I like the different  ways you explain on how you can cook this. Wonderful job Thank you
