Basic Air Fryer Hot Dogs
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/268494/basic-air-fryer-hot-dogs/
Preheat an air fryer to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Place buns in a single layer in the air fryer basket; cook in the preheated air fryer until crisp, about 2 minutes. Remove buns to a plate. Place hot dogs in a single layer in the air fryer basket; cook for 3 minutes. Serve hot dogs in toasted buns. UCKWHEAT QUEE
Got a new air fryer and had to try it out. Figured before I tried something more substantial, I couldn't possibly ruin a hot dog. I was right. The hotdogs tasted just like we had grilled them outside and the toasted buns were wonderful. Great first outing with the air fryer. Now I have some confidence that I can make something more expensive and not ruin it. Thanks for all the reviews that gave me the angst to try it myself.Kathy Acord Excellent....8 minutes for buns....10 minutes for hot dogs...both buns and hot dogs at 400 degrees for 4 buns and 4 hot dogs...enjoy I roll the dogs in oil or melted butter first and then cook. This makes them taste even more like they were grilled. I also added bacon to this meal. Just wrap each frank with a strip.(Best cooked for @ 3-mins) Got this grand idea from the Maxx air oven commercial! Quick ,easy and tasty as I wrapped bacon around the hot dogs yum. Awesome !!! I put the buns in the basket and took the basket out after 2 minutes and placed the dogs in the bottom of the fryer for more “fry”. Added a minute for more crispness. 100% delicious. My oldest remarked that he loved the toasted bun. I just made my second meal with my small air fryer. I had 2 long all-beef wieners that were frozen. I put them in the microwave on defrost for 2 minutes, which thawed them just enough for easier cutting. I cut them in half and placed them in the air fryer at 400 degrees. I set the timer for 5 minutes. Then because I really like them really browned, I turned them and cooked them for another 3 minutes. They were perfect for me and my husband. It was easy to follow and the hot dogs and buns turned out great. Hot dogs came out perfect! I would have never considered air frying. Thank you for sharing No Changes Made! Came out great! Thanks 😊 For bigger dogs you’ll need a lot longer fry time. Try 3 minutes per side. Really great though These hot dogs, Sabrett bun size frankfurters, were as good as cooking them on the grill. I have an inexpensive air fryer that does not have a preheat feature. I cooked the hot dogs first, then the buns. I scored the hot dogs before cooking for 6 minutes, turning them after 3 minutes. I buttered Martin's Potato Rolls and cooked them for 4 minutes. I also used parchment liners so there was no mess! Wow! I have never saw anything else air frying Hot Dogs before but my wife has. She tried it with an another air fryer we had. But it broke, and we got this one. Never attempted one before but my grandson loves hot dogs cooked in it. I looked up this recipe and tried it. Fantastic! No changes! They tasted just like grilled. I did use beef hotdogs. I think that makes a difference. I cooked everything just like they said plus or minus a few minutes. We added our favorite condiments and enjoyed them.
