Instant Pot Chicken Paprikash with Egg Noodles
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/268774/instant-pot-chicken-paprikash-with-egg-noodles/
Pat chicken dry; season with salt and pepper. Turn on a multifunctional pressure cooker such as Instant Pot. Select the Sauté function. Heat olive oil. Add chicken in 2 batches and cook until browned, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove from pot and set aside. Add onion and garlic to the pot. Sauté, frequently stirring until onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Add chicken stock, paprika, salt, pepper, and bay leaf. Mix with a wooden spoon. Return chicken to the pot. Close and lock the lid. Set the steam release valve to the sealing position and press Manual and high pressure. Set the timer for 10 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to the manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Stir in egg noodles. Close and lock lid; select High pressure and set the timer for 3 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Immediately release the pressure manually, about 5 minutes. Select the Sauté function. Mix cornstarch with water in a bowl and pour into the pot. Add heavy cream and sour cream. Mix thoroughly and turn off the heat.
This was yummy!! I made a few substitutions. I browned 4 chicken breasts and added 3 Cups of stock., because I’ve run into my IP getting the burn function without more than 2C of liquid. I kept the times as written and when I opened the pot some of the noodles were hard but once I added the heavy cream and sour cream they softened up. I did not have enough liquid to use the cornstarch so next time I’ll add 4C of stock and then use the cornstarch. The sauce was delicious. I’ll make this again! I made this nearly as written, my only sub was to use gluten free rotini instead of egg noodles to make the meal gluten free. I did not have any issues using only 2 cups of chicken stock (no issues with scorching).While there are a couple steps it is an easy recipe to put together. My family was not the biggest fan of the recipe, they thought it was okay, but complained it was on the bland side. TASTY!!!! Used a can of cream of chicken (instead of heavy cream) and sour cream, seasoned salt, all purpose seasoning, garlic powder (and fresh minced garlic) 1 shallot (was out of onions) dried basil,  a few dashes of hot pepper seeds (gave it a little pop) Oohhhh and the secret ingredient that took it over the top…a can of fire roasted diced tomatoes ( TRUST ME!!) definitely had to add about 2-3 additional cups more water and cooked the noodles 6 minutes more like suggested in the comment. VERY TASTY!!!! Kids loved it and next time I’m making garlic bread with it. Read other cooking notes: Used chicken breasts, added 3 cups of broth to noodle cook time, used Greek yogurt instead of sour cream,  added mushrooms, cream of mushroom soup, (instead of heavy cream,) peas and pimentoes for color and vitamins. Yummy....hubby-do loved it. My son and husband loved it - I didn't care for it but that's probably because I when I made it another time, I used a more laborious, authentic stovetop recipe and it spoiled me. My family and I enjoyed this very much.  I would definitely make this again.  I love finding quick dump and walk away recipes that can be made with ingredients I usually always have on hand. (I substituted heavy cream with half and half since that is what I had, and it worked out fine). Tasty - very much like my original baked recipe.  Made following changes:1)  Cooked noodles 6 minutes - they were not done at 3.2)  I had no cream or milk - so I used 1 c. sour cream and 4 oz. cream cheese.  No need for corn starch.  I will make again my way! So tender and creamy. I used half and half instead of heavy cream and Greek yogurt instead of sour cream because that what I had, and health considerations. Next time I'll add mushrooms too. Reduced to 4 portions. To avoid the scorch warning I used 2 cups chicken broth, and for the sauce two tablespoons of corn starch mixed with 2 tablespoons of water, a cup of heavy cream and 2 tablespoons sour cream.Also added a 4oz can of mushrooms (drained) with the noodles. Easy and delicious.  It's my kind of meal.  I added some red peppers but you don't need to.  I just wanted to jazz it up a bit.  I really like onions so I may add a second one when I make it again.  I will be making this again.  It's a perfect weeknight meal.
