Instant Pot Simple Steamed Crab Legs
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/268805/instant-pot-simple-steamed-crab-legs/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place a trivet in a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot) and add water. Place crab legs on top of the trivet; you may need to let them thaw for a few minutes so they will fit. otdash Meredith Food Studio Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set the timer for 3 minutes. Allow 10 minutes for pressure to build. Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Use tongs to transfer crab legs to a serving dish. otdash Meredith Food Studio Squeeze lemon juice on top and serve with melted butter.
I made it with snow crabs. I followed the recipe but added a generous sprinkling of Old Bay seasoning. They were wonderful!It should be noted that this recipe is probably for a 6 qt Instant Pot. I used 2 cups of water with my 8 qt Instant Pot Made with snow crabs and did exactly as written. While I think seasoning - like Old Bay - would be a nice touch, this method cooks the crab perfectly and allows the wonderful, sweet flavor of this crustacean to shine! Squeezed a half lemon overall before serving. Fantastic SLN! Will follow this method for future! Super delicious! My husband loved it! Thank you! I bought these at a local supermarket that has fresh and live seafood. Was very good I added Old Bay to my crabs. Steamed perfectly in my Instant Pot. I used a little more seasoning to the pot and pressure cooked 3 red new potatoes skin on but took the skin off just the ends and cooked 4 min under high pressure, then quick released, removed potatoes, added 1 top more seasoning to 1/2 cup water ,placed crablegs and potatoes squeezed 1/2 lemon juice over top and cooked additional 3 minutes on high pressure. oh perfect timing no more or no less time needed. i cooked just under 2 pounds Alaskan king Super easy to make and the guys loved them! Turned out perfect!! Great, easy recipe! Will def use it again. We did what a few other reviews suggested and added a little seasoning on them while they cooked. Family all enjoyed it, plus easy clean up! Thanks! Super easy to make, for extra flavor a sprinkled a generous portion of Old Bay on the Crab Legs before starting the steam and they came out amazing....
