Sheet Pan Shrimp and Sausage Bake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/268843/sheet-pan-shrimp-and-sausage-bake/
Gather all ingredients.Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Spray a large sheet pan with cooking spray. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, 10 to 12 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add corn and boil for an additional 5 minutes. Drain. Cut corn into thirds. otdash Meredith Food Studio Meanwhile, combine 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons Creole seasoning, juice from 1 lemon, garlic, Italian seasoning, 1/2 teaspoon paprika, red pepper flakes, salt, and pepper in a small bowl. Mix well to combine and set seasoning mixture aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine boiled potatoes and corn, all the bell peppers, cherry tomatoes, onion, and sausage slices in a large bowl. Add seasoning mixture and mix evenly. otdash Meredith Food Studio Spread potato mixture onto a sheet pan in a single layer. Place lemon wedges evenly on all sides of the sheet pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven for 8 minutes. Meanwhile, combine shrimp, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1/2 teaspoon paprika, and 1/2 teaspoon Creole seasoning in a bowl. Marinate for a few minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add shrimp to the sheet pan with the potato mixture after 8 minutes of baking and mix to combine. otdash Meredith Food Studio Return sheet pan to the oven and cook until shrimp are opaque, 6 to 8 minutes. Remove lemon wedges and garnish with parsley and green onions. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Sooo good! A bit spicy, so if you don’t care for heat, move along. This is not the recipe you’re looking for. My creole seasoning (Tony Cachere’s) is nicely spicy and salty, so omitted the red pepper and salt. Potatoes only needed 8 minutes on boil before adding the corn. At the end, set the raw shrimp on top of hot veggies so I could see that they were done. Will definitely make this again since my hubby loved it as much as I did. May add more shrimp. Would go well with a good bread and a salad with oranges, red onions and avocado. Thanks Ashley! I planned it around some leftovers (potatoes and corn) and extra peppers from the garden.  It was good! I followed the recipe; if anything, I added more shrimp and potatoes.  It came out good! This is fantastic! Added hot dogs, chourico or linguica, sausage, sweet potatoes, & some clams on occasion. Almost a whole clam boil !! I had most of the ingredients, but was missing the creole & never used it before, so I had no idea what it was. Made a few mistakes, like forgetting to marinate the shrimp in seasoning & adding the cooked potatoes to them, and I improvised here and there. I also had only a little Olive oil, but mixed some canola oil. Still, it came out delicious! I honestly think that the amount of ingredients it had without the creole was sufficient. I brought some over to my neighbor & she called & said it was SO GOOD. I loved it! This was really delicious!  It made a LOT of food!  Next time I will only make 1/2 the recipe, but other than that, not change a thing!!  Thank you for this recipe, my family loved it!!! Decided to surprise my wife by doing this recipe for her when she returned from out of town. I didn't follow the recipe 100% because I felt there were a lot of vegetables. I used more shrimp, two peppers and not quite as many tomatoes. I used everything else I was supposed to and this turned out insane! She kept going back for more! LOL. This is early June as I write this. I'll be doing this for July 4th cookout and I'm quite sure everyone will be asking for the recipe. LOL It had a great taste.. Love the veggies but i think there were too many. Next time i make this dish, I will shorten the amount of veggies by a tad. Absolutely great recipe.  Full of flavor.  I did a lot of the prep earlier in the day as there is a lot of chopping, etc.  But great company dish.
