Mediterranean Chicken Sheet Pan Dinner
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/268999/mediterranean-chicken-sheet-pan-dinner/
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line a large rimmed baking sheet with aluminum foil. Whisk olive oil, juice of 1 lemon, vinegar, tarragon, oregano, paprika, salt, and pepper together in a large bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add chicken thighs, onion, baby bell peppers, and potatoes. Stir until everything is evenly coated. otdash Meredith Food Studio Transfer vegetable-chicken mixture to the prepared baking sheet and spread in an even layer. Scatter lemon slices over the vegetables, making sure to leave the chicken uncovered so that the skin will brown. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in preheated oven for about 40 minutes. Remove from oven and top with feta, parsley, and olives. otdash Meredith Food Studio
This is so easy and flavorful! I added more types of vegetables such as asparagus, carrots, and mushrooms. I also tried it with a bottled Balsamic Vinaigrette marinade/dressing for added ease. I will definitely make this again and suggest you try it too! So good!! Love this recipe! Household favorite. I omit the tarragon and make double the sauce, then use half to marinate the chicken and half to coat the veggies I added veggies - doubled sauce, cooked veggies 20 minutes prior to adding chicken - then add chicken in for 40 minutes.  AI topped it with drizzled  truffle oil, onion powder, and truffle garlic seasoning after I added the chicken.  I felt it improved the flavors. This is an easy weekday meal that my family asks for at least once a week! I have made it exactly as stated and varied the vegetables, used different vinegars. The result is always the same - rave reviews and no leftovers. Two things that work for me: 1) I use a baking dish, so I can add more vegetables; and, 2) I put thick slices of red onion on the bottom of a baking dish, then the vegetables, with the chicken on the top. This makes certain the chicken skin is crisp, the vegetables are done w/out being soggy, and the liquid at the bottom keeps the chicken moist. You can use boneless skinless chicken thighs and it turns out real good Wine pairing? Fabulous.marinated my chicken in Italian dressing overnight,super tender.Added sliced zucchini and cauliflower.Second best recipe behind fave of chicken Marbella. Used diced boneless skinless chicken breasts marinated in EVOO and lemon juice. Added red potatoes, green snap peas and diced carrots. Sprinkled citrus spice on top then roasted for 30 minutes at 350. Grated Parmesan zested on top. This was really nice, and can be very versatile in terms of what veg to add into it. My family LOVED IT!I followed the recipe minus the olives. I did make extra merinade. I have already been asked to make this again!
