Vegetarian Sheet Pan Dinner with Chickpeas and Veggies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/268995/vegetarian-sheet-pan-dinner-with-chickpeas-and-veggies/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a large sheet pan. Place russet potatoes, chickpeas, butternut squash, sweet potato, onion, and carrots on the prepared sheet pan. Drizzle with oil and toss to coat. Combine salt, onion powder, garlic powder, fennel seeds, sage, and black pepper in a small bowl. Sprinkle over vegetables and toss to coat. Bake in the preheated oven for 25 minutes. Stir and continue baking until vegetables are soft and lightly browned and chickpeas are slightly crisp, 20 to 25 minutes more. Season with more salt and black pepper to taste. Top with green onions to serve.
I suggest mixing the spices into the oil, then pouring it over the vegetables. That way the spices and the oil is evenly distributed.For a variation, add crumbled feta cheese. It was a lot of work to cut up all of the vegetables, but we really enjoyed this recipe. This is SO delicious. Great recipe! Healthy, easy, and delicious! I used rehydrated, boxed hash browns instead of the russet potatoes, and I admit to making it a little less healthy by sprinkling shredded cheddar on top. I adjusted the amounts to make 2 servings, mixed it all together on nonstick foil, on the heavy sheet pan that goes on the lower rack of my Ninja Air Fryer, and baked for 25 minutes at 425F. After baking, I sprinkled with shredded cheddar and broiled on high for 5 minutes. It came out perfect and delicious! I really liked this. I added a little more oil and several crushed garlic cloves.  I had so much it took 1hr 15min. It never got brown.  If I make it again I'll use two sheet pans. It was delicious though. Was pleasantly surprised by how tasty this recipe was! Omitted the butternut squash because it felt like enough vegetables already. Excited to add it to the rotation! Loved it - fennel seeds gave it a lovely taste.I put the ingredients in a bowl, including oil and seasoning, to mix them before transferring to a baking pan. If I make this again since it does have possibilities, I will leave out the chickpeas, they just didn't belong in this dish.Instead of 1 tsp of the spices I added about 1 1/2 and a little more oil and I could not even taste it when the dish was done! Next time I will double the spices and use different ones then what was called for in this recipe. They just did nothing.Also, there was no way mine was done in the amount of time listed.  They were probably done in an hour. And, this makes a lot! I couldn't even fit mine all on the pan so I have  a bowl left I didn't bake. I am going to add the different spices to that and see how it is. This is SO delicious. I will make it throughout the winter. It was really easy to make (except for cutting through the squash) Made this dish last week and hubby and son both loved it. Certainly make again.
