Spiced Maple Banana Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/268920/spiced-maple-banana-bread/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a loaf pan with nonstick spray. Combine flour, baking soda, cinnamon, salt, and nutmeg in a bowl. Set aside. Mash bananas until mostly smooth but some chunks remain. Add eggs, oil, maple syrup, sugar, and vanilla extract; mix with a wooden spoon. Add flour mixture and walnuts. Mix just until flour is moistened. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven, rotating pan halfway through, until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 55 to 60 minutes. Cool on a wire rack for 10 minutes. Invert bread onto the wire rack to cool completely.
This bread is sooooo good! Perfect for a rainy fall New England morning. Bonus points for my 8 yo eating it with no complaints! Thank you!! I've made this several times, It's so good with the maple syrup added!  I substitute the  Krusteaz banana walnut bread mix for the flour and baking soda and it really adds incredible flavor! I’ve made it multiple times, and everyone I’ve shared it with loves it! It might be my favorite banana bread recipe! It was great. 2 loaves disappeared overnight. I put some cream cheese frosting on them . Yummy! I cut the sugar in half like I do with every recipe and it was perfect. It’s awesome and dairy free, change out the flour and it’s great Gluten Free too! Trade out the nuts for chocolate chips and craisins and it’s the perfect blend of flavors! I’ve made this many times. This is a very dense bread with good flavor. Loved it.  I took previously reviews and added blueberries and made muffins.  Very tasty and moist. My first banana bread and it came out perfect moist and very good not too sweet just right. Thanks. I’m not one to complain but this recipe is bland...it had very little taste..couldn’t taste the maple in it at all...loved the density of the bread and it was very moist but it was lacking in taste..I had all of the ingredients except cinnamon..but I had allspice and used it but it just didn’t have any flavor..going back to my old recipe!
