Chewy Coconut Bibingka (Filipino Rice Cake)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269034/chewy-coconut-bibingka-filipino-rice-cake/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Butter a 12x17-inch rimmed baking sheet. Beat condensed milk, coconut milk, and melted butter together in a large mixing bowl until combined. Add eggs, 1 at a time, and beat until combined. Add macapuno, 1 jar at a time, and beat until combined. Gradually beat in mochiko flour. Beat in brown sugar; beat in vanilla extract. Pour batter onto the prepared baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until top is golden brown and sides are slightly dark brown, 45 to 50 minutes. Allow to cool, about 20 minutes, before loosening the sides and cutting into squares.
This was very good and texture came out perfect. I followed the recipe as written except reduced the sugar to about 1/2 cup because I was worried it was going to be too sweet with the macapuno strings. Also lined the pan for easy clean up. Thanks for sharing! I was really surprised by these--they are quite tasty, albeit a bit rich. I was super worried about them being too sweet; so I used just a scant 1/3 cup loosely packed brown sugar, drained a good 1 cup (at least) of the heavy syrup off the macapuno, and added 1 teaspoon of salt. With these changes, the bars were sweet, but not overly so. I also baked them in a 9x13" pan, and it baked up beautifully in 55 minutes. I cut them into about 32 pieces, since they are so rich, it's better to have smaller servings. Thank you for sharing your recipe! My husband and I love this. Sweet and chewy.  Great gluten free treat Perfect snack or dessert, as mentioned.  I ate chewy rice flour and coconut confections as a child and this recipe fits the bill.Husband also developed a gluten sensitivity to this treat is a welcome addition to what he can enjoy.Instead of baking in a large pan, I halved the recipe and baked in three smaller square pans.  Baked in half the time and enjoyed them sooner! Decent recipe but disappointed after baking on a sheet pan as directed, as the bibingka turned out much too thin. Tried the recipe again in a 13 x 9 pan and it yielded a much better (and albeit more traditional) result. The first time I made this,  I only had one jar of macapuno.  It was good, but it came a tad dry.  For this 2nd attempt, I had 2 jars of macapuno.  It turned our perfect, but is a tad too sweet for my liking.  I will likely reduce the brown sugar by 1/2 next time. This was very good and texture came out perfect.  I followed the recipe as written except reduced the sugar to about 1/2 cup because I was worried it was going to be too sweet with the macapuno strings.  Also lined the pan for easy clean up.  Thanks for sharing!
