One-Pot Spaghetti with Meat Sauce
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269004/one-pot-spaghetti-with-meat-sauce/
Combine ground sausage, onions, and garlic in a large pot or skillet with tall sides. Cook over medium heat until sausage is cooked through, 5 to 8 minutes. Drain and discard grease. Stir pasta sauce, water, and Italian seasoning into the pot; bring to a boil. Stir in spaghetti noodles, return to a boil, and cook, stirring occasionally, until noodles are cooked through and sauce has thickened, 17 to 20 minutes. Serve topped with grated Parmesan cheese.
I've loved this from the first time I tried this recipe, and will only make it this way, ever since. It's much too delicious to go back to the old way, where it was simply, " eh, ok." I use whatever ground meat I have on hand, whether it's turkey, beef, chicken, or pork, and they're all great, and whichever spices I have,and feel like adding to the pot, have all worked out well, also!Especially loved it with beef bouillon added, too, while cooking. Absolutely a family favorite, and not only is it incredibly delicious, but it's quick and simple to make, very filling, and easy to clean up afterwards, as well, since it's all in one pot! I make pasta much more often, now that I use this recipe, and I am so grateful to allrecipe for sharing it, so that I am able to enjoy it whenever I want! Thank you!! loved it My son came for a surprise visit and I needed something quick and easy  to make.  He ate it for three meals and loved it.  Thanks for the great easy recipe. Very tasty. Definitely a repeat. We doubled the recipe and used one package of hot and one package of mild Italian sausage Yeah.. This is the way to go!  So easy and so good! yum While I did make some tweaks, this is a great base recipe!  I had never tried one pot spaghetti and now I wonder where it has been all of my life! I made this recipe not having enough pasta sauce. So, I used ready-made gravy in a bottle to replace the missing pasta sauceI also didn't have fresh garlic, so I used minced garlic sold in a bottle.
