Instant Pot Beef Bone Broth
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269284/instant-pot-beef-bone-broth/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and spray with cooking spray. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place beef bones, carrots, celery, onion, and garlic on the prepared baking sheet. otdash Meredith Food Studio Roast in the preheated oven until browned, about 45 minutes. Scrape roasted bones and vegetables into a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot). Add boiling water, bay leaves, vinegar, sea salt, and peppercorns. Close and lock the lid. Select Manual function according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 120 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. otdash Meredith Food Studio Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, 10 to 40 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Remove bones and vegetables and discard. Line a strainer with cheesecloth and set over a large bowl. Pour broth through the strainer and discard solids. otdash Meredith Food Studio Allow broth to cool. Remove and discard the fat layer.
No need to use my slow cooker anymore for bone broth - using the IP is much quicker and easier! This is a great base recipe that can be customized to your preferences. I used marrow bones I bought from the butcher. I took them out of the oven at 30 mins as the vegetables were starting to burn, so maybe a slightly lower cook temp would be better. The broth didn't gel up like it normally does when I make it, but the flavor was still great! I used this for a template for a meaty soup bone I had and I used by good old-fashioned Presto Pressure Cooker. I adapted the recipe to the instrument.  Therefore I had a smaller amount of broth and a smaller amount of ingredients.  I also roasted the veggies and the bone in my convection oven.  But for all of that, if you know your particular pressure pot/pressure cooker, this is a very good recipe and my husband said the broth was very good indeed.  For the frustrated, take the time to get to know your instrument and its limitations. I don’t know what I did wrong but I followed the recipe with 6 cups of boiling water in the Instant Pot for 120 minutes and when I opened it, there was no liquid left and it was all burnt. Disappointing… Don’t even look for another recipe.  This is the bee’s knee’s.For real, it changed my life. This is an amazing bone broth!!!! This was my first experience making homemade bone broth and it couldn’t have gone better! My only change was tossing a handful of fresh parsley into the Instant Pot—I had some I needed to use up anyway. Once cooled the broth gelled up beautifully and the top layer of fat was easy to remove. For cooking the broth is perfect but for sipping it needed a little help. I recommend stirring 1/2 teaspoon of Maggi seasoning into 8-10 ounces of hot broth. Granted that ups the salt content significantly but the end result still has lower sodium than store bought, and talk about a delicious beverage! 100% will make again, and soon. Easy, classic. *Good*  *solid*  *broth*Used leftover rib roast bones.  15 Szechuan peppercorns.  8 garlic (I like garlic).  Vegetables:  put them in a bowl, spray the vegetables (cooking spray) mix/toss around, spray again.  Also spray the oven pan.  Pour veg's into pan spread evenly. (par 15 min) Use spatula to gently mix veg's around ... they don't stick (i.e. skip the foil) ... even without the changes - still good solid broth!(extra) When recipes ask for water - ask yourself how a broth might benefit the meal.  Example:  Homemade sausage recipes can ask for water.  Broth elevates the flavor.  Minimalist?  Parlay the solids into a stew - they are already seasoned! (Be watchful for the bay leaf and undissolved pepper corn!) Couldn't have been easier to make with IP.  I had some frozen large soup bones from a beef we had bought, and I'm waiting on my new pressure canner to eventually can it, but I'm freezing the broth until then.  Can't wait to try it! This is the first time I have tried this recipe. I may tweak it next time, but I may not need to. It sounds scrumptious!
