Sheet Pan Smoked Sausage, Apple, and Root Veggie Dinner
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269230/sheet-pan-smoked-sausage-apple-and-root-veggie-dinner/
Place a large baking pan in the oven. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (232 degrees C). Toss together carrots, Brussels sprouts, onion, olive oil, rosemary, salt, and pepper in a large bowl until combined. Arrange vegetable mixture and sausage in a single layer on the preheated pan. Bake in the preheated oven until just tender, about 20 minutes. Remove from the oven. Turn the broiler to high. Add apple to the pan; broil until apple is tender and vegetables are slightly caramelized, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove from the oven, squeeze lemon over vegetable mixture in the pan, and sprinkle with parsley.
This is a great recipe. I doctored it up a little bit, not much, but it was truly amazing. I used green chile olive oil, which gave it a bit of a kick, and used 12 oz carrots and 12 oz Brussels sprouts. I also spread whole rosemary stalks around the pan instead of chopping it. And instead of parsley I sprinkled chopped fresh chives and drizzled half of a lemon over everything. 450 degrees was a little high and a couple of the onions burned, but overall it was delish! I'll use 425 next time, I think. The sweetness of the apple really complemented the sausage and the veggies. My man loved it! It's definitely a keeper. I think the green chile oil made a big difference, and all the flavors really blended well. It's a nice recipe to experiment with as well, maybe adding potatoes and other root vegetables, and different oils and seasonings. I made it as is, exactly except turned the oven temp to 435 instead of 450 since many reviews said it needed a lower temp. It was a huge hit in my house. I made some cornbread to go with. Great smells, tastes, and feeling full! My oven runs hot so things got well done, will lower temp and watch next time! My favorite new recipe!  Easy and delicious... I made this with sweet onions, local smoked sausage, mixed baby potatoes, and parsnips. Oh buddy. I doubled the recipe and we ate on it for a week! Soooooo good! I'm making it again this week! It was a great way to get in all those veggies for someone trying to eat healthier, and the lemon and rosemary added SO much flavor without any fat. Delicioso! My family found the lemon juice and apple slices a bit odd in the recipe.  Also, you cannot substitute dried herbs for the fresh ones like most recipes. There's not enough cooking time for the rosemary to no longer be tiny shards. Everything else was really good together and good tasting; I would just skip the apples and lemons and only make this if you happen to have fresh herbs. Easy, pretty good.  Be creative. I added tiny potatoes and finished with grated Parmesan cheese under the broiler.  No lemon.  Will cut back on salt next time and add a little more apple.  The apple is a nice surprise taste.  Smoke alarm went off twice due to low smoke point of olive oil.  Switching to high heat peanut oil next time! I didn't have apples but I will next time. This is going in my recipe box for sure. This was quick and easy.. I used chicken sausage and beef sausage.
