Last-Minute Lemon Shrimp Pasta
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269257/last-minute-lemon-spaghetti-and-shrimp/
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook spaghetti in boiling water, stirring occasionally, for 9 minutes. Add shrimp and cook for 3 more minutes. Drain. Whisk Parmesan cheese, olive oil, lemon juice, pepper, and salt in a large bowl. Add spaghetti, shrimp, and peas to sauce. Sprinkle with basil and lemon zest; toss to coat.
This recipe was so quick to put together and we loved the flavor! The lemon and basil worked perfectly with the shrimp and pasta. I would have given it five stars, but, I think the ingredient ratio was off for the amount of pasta used. I used 1 lb. of shrimp instead of half pound and a full cup of peas. I honestly think I could have used another half cup to cup of peas. I also cooked my shrimp in a frying pan with olive oil salt and pepper while the pasta was boiling just because it gives the shrimp more flavor than boiling. Thanks for the recipe! A 4 forker. I let the oil, lemon, chilie flakes and some garlic powder fuse 1/2+ hour or so. Cooked the shrimp a bit in butter and olive oil. I cut recipe roughly in half for one (with leftovers) . My measurements are never exact but that's pasta - isn't it? I thought this was okay but not as flavorful as expected This is our new favorite pasta dinner! Kids love the lemon flavor and peas. Very light, quick and simple, good portion size.Great with any seafood, not just shrimp. Best quality ingredients are a must here. Very fresh and light . Perfect for a summer evening. I used lobster instead of shrimp and some extra lemon zest and rind. Will definitely make again. So fast and easy, and my 20-something boys LOVED it!!! This will definitely be a go-to recipe for last minute meals. Loved this recipe.  I did make changes after reading all reviews.  I doubled the shrimp and parmesan cheese but left the rest of the measurements the same.  I sauteed the shrimp in 2 tbsps of butter and 2 tbsps of olive oil with chopped garlic, a tbsp of fresh parsley about a 1/2 cup of white wine which I cooked down a little. When the spaghetti was done, I added it to the shrimp along with the sauce and a package of spinach. Saving this one for sure. I added in spinach too. A quick saute with chili flakes to get the hint of spiciness. This was good, and definitely easy to make. My only complaint is that the quantities were way off. I would reduce the amount of spaghetti to 1/2 pound and increase the amount of shrimp to one pound. Also, I would add more peas. Will certainly make this dish again, with my edits.
