Sheet Pan Roasted Mediterranean Vegetables
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269330/sheet-pan-roasted-mediterranean-vegetables/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place cherry tomatoes, bell peppers, zucchini, red onions, and garlic on a large, rimmed baking sheet. Drizzle and toss with olive oil. Season with basil and pepper. Bake in the preheated oven until vegetables are lightly browned and easily pierced with a fork, 35 to 40 minutes.
A good basic roasted veggie recipe. I ended up using only 1 red onion and 1 zucchini since both were on the large size and I was trying to keep the ratio to other veggies even. This definitely needs salt to bring out the flavors. I added 1 tsp when I tossed everything in a bowl with the oil, before placing on the sheet pan. I also did not halve the tomatoes - they would have been mush. Next time I'd probably add them in halfway through cooking to keep them plump. The tiny amount of basil, combined with the recipe submitter's original (unpublished version) of this recipe leads me to believe he meant DRIED basil. I used fresh, because that's what I prefer, and I used about 1 tablespoon which I tossed in at the end after the veggies were cooked. Adding it at the beginning, it would have burned. I normally prefer my veggies roasted at a higher temp to get nice caramelization, however I stuck with the 350F. Even then, the veggies were more than done after 20 minutes. Thanks for the recipe BigDaddy! Simple but tasty. Was good with white rice. I LOVED this - and so did everyone in my family!  I made it as suggested and it was amazingly flavorful and delicious.  A real winner, I'll be making it again and again! Absolutely delicious! One of my favorites It needs to be cooked at a higher temperature. The vegetables don't roast. excellent  and I will try it over weekend thanks... Yummy! No changes. This is the second time I have made this. It was a hit last time. I just shoved it in the oven.  I can't wait to eat it! The only changes I made was I used a tsp. of Lawry's Seasoned Salt, Mediterranean Herb Blend instead of fresh basil and cracked black pepper.  I also added 8 ounces of a beef round roast that I cut in 1 inch cubes and cooked for 12 minutes before adding the veggies. I used a 1/2 Tbs. of olive oil and a 1/2 tsp. of the Lawry's mixed in to season the beef.  Temperature, length of time to cook the veggies once they're added to the beef, etc. all remain the same. It was super delicious and so easy! I'll be making this again soon and many times after. This will be a go to recipe It was excellent and the vegetables are interchangeable so it is extremely easy to make
