Eggnog Waffles
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269426/eggnog-waffles/
Mix flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt together in a bowl. Add eggnog, eggs, and butter; mix well. Preheat a waffle iron according to manufacturer's instructions. Pour 1/4 of the batter into the preheated iron and cook until waffle is crisp and golden, about 5 minutes. Repeat with remaining batter.
The eggnog flavor stands out in these waffles. I could see this recipe as a great way to use up leftover eggnog or just to have that holiday flavored meal. No changes made! Absolutely delicious! These were excellent.  Didn’t change a thing.  They came out just the right crispness and yet fluffy.  Eggnog taste not overpowering - just a hint.  For people that want more festive spice you could add cinnamon and nutmeg and it wouldn’t detract but for us they were perfect!  Used a cuisinart 4 square waffle maker and yield was 9 waffles. Very thick batter that rose beautifully and produced tender waffles with a hint of eggnog.  So glad that the eggnog didn’t dominate. I have a square waffle maker, and this recipe made 8 waffles, and some are heading to the freezer.   Just a warm, comforting and flavorful breakfast today.  Would make again. Made the recipe as written. These were tasty and had a nice fluffy texture. Only change I would make next time would be to reduce the nutmeg amount slightly but that is just personal taste. I added a bit of nutmeg and 1 tablespoon of salted caramel whiskey. Topped with salted caramel whiskey maple syrup. Delicious!!!!! Quick and delicious way to use leftover eggnog!  I could taste the salt so cut the amount in half next time. I made this as written and then divided the batter. The first batch was just like it says, topped with a little organic maple syrup and chopped pecans. The second bath I added crispy apple wood  smoked bacon. The final batch I added a pinch of cinnamon and dried orange rind. All were wonderful and the last two variations really brought out the eggnog flavor. I would caution new cooks, if you heat your butter in the microwave to melt, do not take it straight out and pour into your egg or you will cook the egg. I blended a little of the butter with the eggnog to cool the butter prior to adding. Delish! This will be a great holiday breakfast offering for a carb hungry family. The eggnog flavor stands out in these waffles. I could see this recipe as a great way to use up leftover eggnog or just to have that holiday flavored meal. No changes made!
