Roasted Garlic-Parmesan Fingerling Potatoes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269519/roasted-garlic-parmesan-fingerling-potatoes/
Gather the ingredients. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Toss potatoes, garlic, Parmesan cheese, lemon zest, salt, and black pepper together in a bowl. Drizzle with olive oil and toss again until evenly combined. Heat a cast-iron skillet over medium-high heat. Add butter and heat until melted. Add potatoes; cook and toss until evenly coated with butter, about 2 minutes. Move the skillet to the preheated oven. Roast in the preheated oven until soft, 15 to 20 minutes, tossing halfway through. Remove from oven and top with parsley.
I used three cloves of garlic instead of two and skipped the butter. I skipped the lemon and put a tiny bit of lemon pepper instead. I skipped the stove-top cooking. Instead, I put them straight in the oven at 400 degrees F for 20 minutes. I added a little garlic powder and granulated onion. They came out perfect! I'm caring for my 90 year old grandparents right now, and they're overstocked with potatoes and I'm trying a bunch of new recipes so they don't get bored.This was a HUGE hit for my grandpa, he had seconds and didn't add anything to them(he likes to add salt to everything)safe to say I'll be making these again. This was our contribution for a large, family Easter dinner which included many other fine vegetable and meat dishes (including 2 kinds of baked and smoked hams), and this was by far my favorite dish that day.  That kind of means a lot as I’m very critical of my own cooking.  My only deviation was that I’d doubled or tripled the recipe and combined the cooked potatoes into a large Dutch oven to hold and serve them from.  This is a really good dish, like main course good. Lovely side dish to pork tenderloin or roast lamb! I didn’t use the butter but honestly didn’t need it. Highly recommend I added some mrs dash and cayenne to the spice mix. Husband loved the crunchy outside and fluffy creaminess of the inside. It’s definitely a “do-over” in our house cooked it for longer than suggested as I like my potatoes crunchy on the outside. wonderful taste Best roasted potatoes I’ve ever had! This recipe was fantastic. Made it as is and yielded perfectly crispy potatoes. I will try them with yukon gold using the same method but honestly they are totally worth it! Beware of the salt. If your parmesan is on the saltier than usual side, reduce the amount of salt a bit.
