Chicken with Creamy Sun-Dried Tomato Sauce
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269649/skillet-chicken-with-sun-dried-tomato-sauce/
Place chicken breasts in a resealable plastic bag and pound to an even thickness. If breasts are very large, cut them in half. Season lightly with salt and pepper. Melt 4 tablespoons butter in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat and cook 1/2 of the chicken breasts until they are no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, 5 to 10 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Remove from skillet and set aside. Melt another 4 tablespoons butter and repeat with the remaining chicken breasts. Set aside. Melt remaining 2 tablespoons butter in the same skillet and add garlic, Italian seasoning, and red pepper flakes. Cook, stirring constantly, for 1 minute. Pour in wine and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 2 minutes. Pour in chicken broth, return to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer for 5 minutes. Stir in cream and sun-dried tomatoes. Simmer for 5 minutes. Stir in basil and return chicken to the skillet. Cook until chicken is thoroughly heated and sauce has thickened, about 5 minutes.
The Chicken with Creamy Sun-Dried Tomato Sauce was a quick and easy recipe perfect for a quick weekend dinner. The rich, velvety sauce was very flavorful. The sun-dried tomatoes added a burst of tangy sweetness that elevated the dish. I made a few modifications to the recipe. I added extra garlic, I added zucchini and onions to round out the dish along with putting it over a bed of rice. I think next time I will use some type of pasta. One last thing I thickened the sauce with a little corn starch slurry. I will definitely make it again. Added a few extras more garlic, onions, and a few extra sun dried tomatoes. My husband loved it.  Will make again. And made with pasta tates real good I made this and it was tasty but it did not thicken up. It would have been much better if it did. I would recommend serving this with some type of pasta.  I might make this again but I will add some thickening agent like flour or corn starch. Yummy and easy! Even my sister who does not know her way around the kitchen could make it. I cut my chicken up and added fresh garlic This has great flavor! I added onions and broccoli to it and served over mashed potatoes.A complete tasty meal. We loved this dish!! I served it with Twice Baked Potato's, I will def make this dish again.  I was looking for something different to cook with Chicken Cutlets & I found it. I wanted to make this but there are only two of us. Why can't I change the number of servings? It looks delicious. This was absolutely delicious and very easy to make. Husband loved it too. It’s a keeper. The Chicken with Creamy Sun-Dried Tomato Sauce was a quick and easy recipe perfect for a quick weekend dinner. The rich, velvety sauce was very flavorful. The sun-dried tomatoes added a burst of tangy sweetness that elevated the dish.  I made a few modifications to the recipe. I added extra garlic, I added zucchini and onions to round out the dish along with putting it over a bed of rice. I think next time I will use some type of pasta. One last thing I thickened the sauce with a little corn starch slurry. I will definitely make it again.
