Autumn Ratatouille with Hillshire Farm Smoked Sausage
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269940/autumn-ratatouille-with-hilshire-farm-smoked-sausage/
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large oven-safe skillet over medium-high heat. Add sausage and cook 2-3 minutes until beginning to brown; remove from pan using a slotted spoon. Add sweet potato to pan; cook 5-6 minutes, stirring frequently, until lightly browned. Add remaining 2 tablespoons oil, eggplant, and shallots; cook 4-5 minutes, stirring frequently until slightly softened. Stir in zucchini, tomatoes, salt, pepper, and browned sausage. Transfer skillet to preheated oven and roast until tomatoes burst and vegetables are tender, 18 to 20 minutes.
Oh my goodness!!!! I have never made ratatouille before but this was the best dish I have ever made. Besides, cornbread waffles.... I have made this recipe with items straight from my garden and everyone loves it. The sausage definitely makes it a complete dinner. “Delicious” said our 8 year old. He loves the sausage. I pre cooked the potatoes in the microwave. Substituted peppers for the eggplant. And used a different sausage. The technic stood up to all the changes. The dish got nicely carmalized and the flavors blended really well. simple meal to make.  the flavors taste delicious. Really good!!! I didn't have shallots so I used white onion. I added a clove of garlic which worked pretty well with this recipe. The whole family loved it specially during this cold and cloudy day. This was a great Ratatouille, the smoked sausage really added a nice flavor component (this is the first ratatouille that I made with meat).  I served it over spaghetti because that's what I do with Ratatouille, we all loved it!!! This was really tasty! Fantastic! I made this exactly as written and the flavors are perfect! I ended up removing from the oven after 15 minutes as most of the vegetables were starting to get overcooked, while the sweet potatoes could have used a couple extra minutes. Next time I would just cook the sweet potatoes a few minutes longer in the skillet before putting everything in the oven. I made this NEVER having it in my life.. I won’t lie I have not ever liked sweet potatoes but made this exactly as recipe called for figuring I would give something new a try... It was FANTASTIC.. very light  but very good. The flavors all melded together are truly perfect. The only reason I gave it four stars is because my husband said it is too light.. will certainly be making again. Added  herbs de provence and   roasted garlic and garlic oil just prior to roasting.
