Air Fryer Pumpkin Seeds
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269968/air-fryer-pumpkin-seeds/
Place pumpkin seeds in a colander and rinse well. Cover a plate with two paper towels. Spread pumpkin seeds over top and cover with two more paper towels. Gently press to remove most of the water. Let sit until thoroughly dried, at least 15 minutes. Preheat an air fryer to 350 degrees F (180 degrees C). Transfer dried seeds to a medium bowl. Add avocado oil, paprika, and salt and mix until seeds are well coated. Transfer to the air fryer basket. Cook in the preheated air fryer for 35 minutes, shaking the basket frequently. Watch carefully during the last 5 minutes; the pumpkin seeds can go from perfectly cooked to burned very quickly.
I skipped step 1 & 2 , I don't think it was necessary. I did find the pumpkin seeds a bit on the salty side. Next time I will cut the salt back to 1/2 tsp. I had to line my air fryer basket with parchment paper to prevent the seeds from falling out. Other than that, it was quick and easy. Ingredients are good. I did this recipie & added 5 min in the air fryer at 300° F for extra crispy and browned look. Excellent. Thank You!  I knew it wasn’t hard and I’ve done it times before, but this way I was able to look up details quickly and get it done! No way I could wait until they’re cold. They’re so delicious easy recipe in my fryer. I only cook them 20 minutes and they were brown almost going to burn.  I didn’t use as much salt and I prefer it that way, but this is a really great My family loved these!  I used peanut oil because that is what I had on hand.  I did add in some garlic powder and a pinch of cayenne pepper as other reviewers suggested. I love pumpkin seeds, and have never thought of preparing them in the air fryer! I dried them overnight and they came out beautifully! I’ll season them with other seasonings, but this is a fabulous  method to make sure they are good and toasty. What a clever recipe! They cooked perfectly without burning and having to watch them all the time. These are so good. I used garlic powder and a very small amount of cayenne and cut the salt by about half. They were done and very crispy at 15 minutes, next time I might shorten the time a minute or two. I can't imagine what would have happened if I had left them in for 35 minutes! Thanks for an excellent, super-quick recipe for pumpkin seeds! This is a great way to cook pumpkin seeds. I doubt I’ll ever cook them in the oven again. They cook evenly with just a shake or two. However, the temperature here was a bit high for my air fryer. But turning it down a few degrees helped cook without burning. Thank you for the recipe. I skipped step 1 & 2 , I don't think it was necessary. I did find the pumpkin seeds a bit on the salty side. Next time I will cut the salt back to 1/2 tsp. I had to line my air fryer basket with parchment paper to prevent the seeds from falling out. Other than that, it was quick and easy.
