Instant Pot Pork Chops
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269979/instant-pot-pork-chops/
Place pork chops into a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot). Dot butter over chops, then sprinkle with onion soup mix. Pour in apple juice. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to the manufacturer's instructions; set the timer for 5 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for the pressure to build. Release the pressure using the natural-release method according to the manufacturer's instructions, 10 to 40 minutes.
3.30.19 I just knew this was going to be good, and I wasn't wrong. By all means, remove the chops from the pot after cooking is complete, and thicken the juices for an an awesome gravy/sauce. Apple juice and dry onion soup mix, what's not to like here, just knew it would be outstanding? I used boneless chops that were about 3/4" thick and threw in a few chunked gold yukon potatoes that cooked up beautifully. The only deviation from the recipe was that I seared the chops right at the beginning using the Sauté function for about 2 minutes per side just to get some color (for better eye appeal/presentation) and certainly would do that again. Very nice, tasty, and very easy dinner. Great recipe.  I did make in instant pot because of hubby's golfing.  It was great!°  And easy!!!  Thanks! My kids loved it! Delicious!  I added onions and an apple, sauteed those and the chops for color, then followed as written, lovely!  New fave way to do pork chops, thank you!  I thickened the sauce with a tablespoon of cornstarch and a 1/4 cup apple juice.  Really good. Next time I make this, I’ll brown the pork chops first. I made “Dry Onion Soup Mix” from this site since I didn’t have any and it turned out great. Like others, I too made a gravy from the juices in the pot. It was really good served on rice. I was unsure about the combination but it was so delicious!! The smell while cooking was a bit strange but the taste is worth the repeat!!!! Wow!!  What a Great Quick Dinner.  I would have given it 5 stars but I sauteed an onion first and placed the chops on top of the onion,,,  because we really like onions.  And I threw in some red potatoes on top of the chops as was suggested.  DELICIOUS!!! Quick and easy. No changes. Served with noodles and brusell sprouts and thickened juice to make a gravy. We loved the apple flavor! Thanks! The only thing I did differently was to add some chopped onion.  I used golden onion Lipton soup. It is an easy delicious meal. Will definitely make again. It is especially going into my fall cooking menu because of the hint of apple flavoring. Loved the gravy over mashed potatoes ! Thank you for a delicious easy meal.
