Instant Pot Lasagna Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269946/instant-pot-lasagna-soup/
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot) and select Sauté function. Add sausage and ground beef to the pot and until browned, about 5 minutes. Drain and discard grease and set meat aside. Add olive oil and swirl to insure the bottom of the pot is evenly coated. Add onion and cook until just soft, but not brown, about 5 minutes. Stir in garlic and cook until just fragrant, about 1 minute. Pour in chicken broth and deglaze the pot, scraping up the brown bits from the bottom. Pour in marinara sauce. Add meat mixture and season with salt and pepper. Stir to combine. Add lasagna noodles, making sure that they are completely submerged in sauce. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 3 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Taste and adjust salt, if necessary. Ladle into bowls and top each with 1 teaspoon Parmesan cheese.
Oh... My ...Gosh!! I wish there were more then 5 stars to give because I could easily rate this at 10 stars! I made it exactly as directed and it was totally awesome! The flavor was fantastic, and tasted just like a fresh lasagna, minus the cottage cheese. I'm new to cooking with the Instant Pot, and I love how even the prep is done in the pot prior to setting the pressure cooking feature. Definitely making this again but I can't think of a single thing I would want to add/change. Thank you so much for sharing this! I made mine with faux soy ground "beef" and "chorizo" bc I am always looking for ways to wow my vegetarian friends. I also added mushrooms and used veg broth. It came out really well. I wish I had looked at the comment beforehand bc I think that the oven ready noodles and scoop of ricotta is exactly what will elevate this to a 5 star recipe. I will definitely be making  this again!! Very tasty!  I think we will be making it with a different type of pasta though as we found the lasagna noodles a little annoying.  We will probably use Penne or Rotini next time. Delicious.  1 lbs mild IT sausage 1/2 lbs ground sirloin.  Beef broth instead of chicken. Added a dollop of ricotta and a sprinkle of Mozzarella cheese.  Will make again. This soup is AMAZING!  Easy to make and the flavor is spot on.  Definitely going to make this again for sure!Terri Noodles were too soft Very good and easy in the Instant Pot. I flipped the ratio of meats with a pound of Italian sausage and half pound of ground beef. Agree with others that adding cheese after the pressure cooking … mozzarella and ricotta …  makes the flavor profile closer to classic lasagna. Also added baby spinach. Awful. Just awful. Very nice lasagna soup. I found adding a bit more garlic along with some oregano really helped bring out even more flavor.
