Turkey Salad
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/27005/turkey-salad/
Place cooked turkey meat, celery, green onions, and red bell pepper in a blender or food processor. Pulse until finely chopped. Transfer turkey mixture to a medium bowl. Mix in mayonnaise, prepared Dijon-style mustard, cider vinegar, white sugar, and salt until well combined. Cover and refrigerate, 8 hours to overnight, before serving.
This was excellent - the flavors blended very well. I coursely chopped the turkey so it was a bit chunkier and used as filling in sandwiches. I love this.  FYI I sauté all onions, bell pepper, etc before I put in a salad . Used recipe as a basic because my leftover turkey was a bit tough and chewy.  I forgot to add the onion so I used onion powder instead.  It's going to be a good recipe no matter what I use as the protein. I'd be fine with leftover ham too. This was a good turkey salad! I did make some changes to the recipe, which may have contributed to some of my issues with the final result, so bear these in mind if you plan to make similar changes.First, I did not put the ingredients in a blender or food processor; I simply chopped everything by hand. As a result, my chunks were probably larger than those used by the recipe developer.Second, my husband cannot eat raw bell pepper, so I subbed half a Gala apple instead. Obviously, this is a substantial change in the flavor profile of the dish, but it worked well, I thought.So what were the issues? First, I found the salad a bit dry and crumbly. I thought it needed about twice the amount of dressing for the given amounts of turkey and vegetables, and I even added an extra tablespoon of mayo. Of course, this may have been due to my hand-chopping of the ingredients: had I used an appliance, the smaller size pieces might have incorporated into the dressing better and produced more of a spread.Second, cutting the bell pepper left the salad feeling like it was missing something. I think that if I had used the pepper instead of the apple, it would have had a better balance of flavors. Without the pepper, it fell a little flat.Why am I sharing all this about how my changes affected the salad? Because I want those considering making similar changes and substitutions to be aware of how they might affect the dish. My guess is that I would have liked the flavor and texture of the dish better had I followed the recipe exactly as written, though I likely won't ever get the chance to do that given my husband's issues with raw bell pepper and the very large quantity of salad that this recipe produces (far too much for me to eat by myself!). Delicious Great use of leftover turkey!The combination of flavors was refreshing and healthy.  This salad is a wonderful alternative to tuna salad.It blended perfectly in the food processor and the red bell pepper gave the salad a lovely pink tint.We wanted a bit more moisture in the salad.  Therefore, tried three different additions of more mayo, sour cream and plain Greek yogurt.  We couldn’t decide so we added more mayo and yogurt for leftover salad. This is an okay sandwich spread. I liked the red pepper for color. I only pulsed some of the mixture and left the rest chunky. I left out the sugar. There was too much mustard and vinegar for me. Turkey salad ingredients were the perfect blend of flavors. The only thing I did change, was not using a food processor or blender.  Instead, I chose to hand cut the assorted ingredients to get the correct size and texture that I wanted.  (Hand cutting also allowed me to make sure that none of the tiny turkey bones & grizzle ended up in the salad).  This is definitely a keeper! Great basic recipe! I was out of cider vingar, so I used rice vinegar. I used horseradish mustard and added 1 teaspoon of thyme. My kids aren't into celery and onions, so I added some diced red grapes to theirs in a wrap. I ate mine with a tablespoon of monterey jack shredded cheese and a tablespoon of Ranch just in a bowl with a spoon. Delicious. I had no red peppers on hand, subbed a diced apple. I chopped the turkey and served the chunky salad on iceberg lettuce leaves. I did not use the blender or food processor. The flavors blended well and was a great way to use the last of the thanksgiving turkey!
