Instant Pot Italian Wedding Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/270310/instant-pot-italian-wedding-soup/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot) and select Sauté function. Pour in olive oil and heat until hot. Cook and stir carrots, celery, and onion in hot oil until tender, 4 to 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Season with parsley, basil, and pepper. Pour in chicken broth and add meatballs. Close and lock the lid. Close the valve and select the Soup function according to manufacturer's instructions; set the timer for 3 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. otdash Meredith Food Studio Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Stir in pasta. Replace the lid. Close the valve and select the Soup function according to manufacturer's instructions; set the timer for 3 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. otdash Meredith Food Studio Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Stir in spinach. Let soup sit until spinach is wilted and pasta is fully cooked, about 5 minutes. Season with salt. otdash Meredith Food Studio Ladle into bowls and top with Parmesan cheese. otdash Meredith Food Studio
This is really good, and quick to make, assuming your meatballs are made ahead of time. "20 meatballs" is kind of vague as it doesn't really indicate size - I ended up using 1 pound of ground turkey to make the meatballs. I do prefer smaller meatballs in my Italian Wedding Soup, so I ended up with about 50 meatballs. Not sure what size was intended? I used the "My Italian Turkey Meatballs" recipe from this site. The only change I made was to use regular broth (as opposed to low sodium) and it tasted perfect. The cook times were spot on. This makes 4 HUGE servings. You could easily get 6. Looking forward to leftovers! I added a lot more meatballs, but I would stick to the amount of pasta next time, instead of adding a bit more like I did. I also added half the spinach instead of all 6 oz, which is a bit much for my family. It was a huge hit with my family. The only thing I did was use frozen, premade Italian meatballs purchased from the freezer section of the store.  I would serve this to guests as well as take it as a meal, with a salad and rolls to someone recovering from surgery, having a baby, etc... Yummy!  A really great recipe!! It was delicious. I made it twice now. I made this with the new insta pot I got for christmas. really tasty good flavors. it was super easy to make and follow. my family came back for seconds and even thirds! I will be keeping this in my winter soup rotations Love this, added a little Oregano and Coriander I loved this! Great recipe! Added Italian seasoning, garlic powder, onion powder and a little Cumin.
