Instant Pot Creamy Mushroom Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/270423/instant-pot-creamy-mushroom-soup/
Melt butter in a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot) set to the Sauté function. Add onion and sauté for 2 to 3 minutes. Add garlic and cook until fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. Add mushrooms and sauté until starting to soften, 2 to 3 minutes. Cancel the Sauté function. Stir in chicken broth, sherry, thyme, Worcestershire sauce, salt, and pepper. Close and lock the lid; select the Manual function and set the timer for 5 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Release the pressure using the natural-release method according to the manufacturer's instructions, about 10 minutes. Release remaining pressure carefully with the quick-release method, 2 to 3 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Select the Sauté function again and bring soup to a light simmer. Whisk flour into heavy cream in a small bowl; slowly pour into simmering soup, whisking constantly. Cook, whisking constantly, until thickened, 2 to 3 minutes. Cancel the Sauté function. Season with salt and pepper if needed.
The first batch I made of this soup was nectar for the gods! I followed the recipe but left out the sherry. I liked it so much, I made a second batch last weekend but this time I tried to increase the yield by making some adjustments on the liquids and used a whole small onion . This batch was good but I was disappointed because it wasn't as good as the first batch. Next time I will make the original recipe again and make a second batch if I want more soup to freeze. Excellent recipe for my Instant Pot. Thank you.Loretta Moore HEAVENLY mushroom soup!!!  The only things I changed was I reduced the thyme to 1/2 teaspoon based on other reviews. I also added Trader Joe’s Mushroom Umami Seasoning at the very end, which really rounds out all of the flavors and makes a big difference!!  If you have some of this then definitely add about a teaspoon.  Lastly I used my immersion blender at the end to mostly puree this soup which helped to thicken a little more and give a more bold mushroom flavor.   Soooo delicious and no need to even glance at other recipes!! increased the recipe but all ingredients were exactly as I remember. Easy and delicious Had such high hopes for this recipe as I really had a taste for a thicker creamy mushroom soup tonight and it failed miserably. I followed the recipe to a T. The soup ended up all liquid and not creamy at all, it was like water. I even tried to further thicken it up to no avail. I also cut the thyme in half (as I usually do in recipes) and that was all I tasted. Lastly, it was to much mushroom. I would have cut the mushrooms down by a third of what this calls for. Overall, I will not make this again. This is soooo good!!!  I used a whole yellow onion and white pre-sliced mushrooms, which I chopped up into small chunks.  I followed the recipe exactly.  When it was done, I tasted it and then added a couple teaspoons each of garlic powder and onion salt, and for me, it was manna from heaven.  Thank you for such a great recipe! Cube up some brie and sprinkle it in on top. You won’t regret it! Delicious and easy.  I used baby bella mushrooms, but didn't have quite enough so I added some "Dried Gourmet Mix Mushrooms" from Costco (which I reconstituted).  I did not have sherry, so I used what wine I had--a nice Riesling.  The soup was wonderful.  I would make it the same way again.  I am curious to see how it freezes (due to the cream base). This soup is rich and delicious.  The first time I made the soup I used vegetable stock. The next time I tried using no salt added chicken broth and was not pleased with the results.  Some salt is necessary for a great broth.  I added some salt to the soup once it was finished cooking. Much better.  I didn't have any thyme so I used fresh home grown rosemary. I didn't have sherry so I used my homemade Cabernet sauvignon. I also added a good pinch of ground coriander to the soup.  So good!
