Puff Pastry Chicken Pot Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/270617/puff-pastry-chicken-pot-pie/
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Roll out 1 sheet of puff pastry into an 11-inch square. Press into a 9-inch pie dish, cut off extra pastry, and prick thoroughly with a fork. Press a sheet of aluminum foil right onto pastry. Bake in the preheated oven until pastry is puffed up and golden browned, about 25 minutes. Remove from oven, remove foil, and set aside. Meanwhile, melt better in a skillet over medium-low heat and cook onions and celery until soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add flour, salt, pepper, and celery seed. Cook and stir until mixture is paste-like. Slowly add milk to the skillet while stirring constantly, about 5 minutes. Continue stirring and slowly add broth a little at a time. Cook until thickened, 7 to 10 minutes, constantly stirring. Add chicken and frozen vegetables. Cook until vegetables are thawed, 3 to 5 minutes. Pour chicken mixture into pre-baked puff pastry shell. Roll out a second sheet of pastry into an 11-inch square and place on top of chicken mixture. Cut off extra pastry and crimp edges. Bake in the preheated oven until pastry is lightly browned, 45 to 50 minutes.
This recipe made the best chicken pot pie! My favorite part is the puff pastry. The crust if flaky, buttery and so easy with which to work. I used Pepperidge Farm Puff Pastry Sheets. I used boneless and skinless chicken breast and thighs. Also, I used fresh vegetables: carrots, celery, potatoes, and mushrooms while I did use frozen peas. My casserole dish, 9 inches, was smaller too. I had to lower the temperature to 350 degrees Fahrenheit because I used my convection/toaster oven which tends to get hotter quickly. The bottom crust layer took exactly 25 minutes to brown with the foil on top. However the top crust in the final cooking became the perfect golden brown around the 30 minute mark. To keep the crust from burning, I added a sheet of foil over the top for the remaining 20 minutes of cook time. Made some changes. Added thyme, tarragon and subbed onion for leek. Also used fresh carrots. Ignore the instructions for dealing with the puff pastry. Cut it to fit the top of the pie and bake it separately. t's really important to cook the puff pastry on its own and place it on top of the filling when you serve it. Otherwise, you will end up with the dreaded soggy bottom. Don't worry about a bottom crust. Use the rest of the puff pastry to make a fruit-topped tart for dessert. No , it turned out perfect! Loved the puff pastry crust Very tasty, very pretty. I doubled up the recipe, added diced potatoes and more seasoning: minced garlic, garlic powder, onion powder, chili powder, Italian seasoning mix, and bay leaf. I didn't have any celery seed.I used a large casserole dish and put the puff pastry on top only. I saw that the pastry shrinks so I let it hang over the edges. It dripped quite a bit because it was full to the brim, so a tray underneath was needed to catch the sauce.Now that we've eaten it we both wanted more pastry so next time I'll make an extra pack of pastry on a separate tray. Despite dicing the potatoes up they were barely cooked so either I'll leave them out or dice them smaller to hashbrown size. Have to say I wasn't completely satisfied with the flavor of the sauce. Missing something I can't put my finger on. So easy!  I added garlic, poultry seasoning and cumin (love well seasoned).  It was absolutely delicious. This recipe is AMAZING and it’s super easy to put together. The crust is what makes a pot pie, in my opinion, and this crust is FABULOUS! We’ll definitely be having this again many times! Made the filling as the recipe suggested, but put in individual serving baking dishes and only topped with Puff Pastry! I make this often and is my go-to pot pie. The puff pastry directions say no more than 40 min to thaw so I find 35 Min is ideal for working with it.  The “picky eater “ kids actually eat this and I don’t dare tell them part of what makes it taste so good is the onions. I’ve switched out fresh cooked veggies and it actually is great with frozen and much easier.  I usually get a rotisserie chicken from the grocery store when I’m rushed for time.
