Instant Pot Shepherd's Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/270606/instant-pot-shepherds-pie/
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot) and select Sauté function. Heat oil in the pot. Cook and stir ground beef, onion, garlic, salt, and pepper in hot oil until beef is browned and crumbly and onion is soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in tomato paste, Worcestershire sauce, and thyme. Pour in broth. Stir in frozen peas and carrots until well blended. Turn off Sauté function. Place the collapsible metal trivet in the pot so it rests just above meat-vegetable mixture. Place potatoes on the trivet. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions. Set the timer for 15 minutes if potatoes are on the smaller side or 20 minutes if they are medium or large. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions for 10 minutes. Release remaining pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Open the lid and transfer potatoes to a bowl. Turn off the Instant Pot and carefully remove the hot trivet. Add half-and-half, butter, and garlic salt to potatoes in the bowl; mash until well blended. Set an oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler. Pour meat-vegetable mixture from the Instant Pot into an 8-inch square baking dish. Spoon mashed potatoes on top and spread out evenly. Broil in the preheated oven until the top starts to turn golden and brown, about 3 minutes.
I am giving 5 stars because I imagine if done properly and by someone who has ever cooked anything before, this recipe will be just fine. I am mainly commenting because while reading reviews I noticed that some of the negative reviews are from people super concerned about what it is called. I could care less if it is called cottage pie or shepard’s Pie and could’ve gone the rest of my life without knowing the difference. If that makes me an “idiot” then so be it! Ha ?? All my life I have eaten Shepard’s Pie with different types of veggies and seasonings and even some without veggies all together and I am pretty sure it was always prepared with BEEF! Thank you all for teaching me something new today! Very easy to make and full of flavor. I give it the thumbs up. I did drain off the excess liquid and I feel that made a big difference. Trained Chef but new to Instant Pot recipes.  Easy to follow and turned out perfect! I used leftover BBQ leg of lamb and rosemary in place of thyme. I used cans of peas & carrots and it turned out fantastic! I want to try and make it with instant mashed potatoes instead next time.... It was a hit with all 3 kids and their dad We loved it.   It was easy to prepare and was very good. So good and so fast. I added homemade deer sausage in with my burger.  I added mushrooms and peppers,  plus I substituted green beans for the peas. I also added a sprinkle of cheese and  real bacon bits to top before I broiled it.  It was yummy! Next time, I plan to spice it up more though. A girl needs spice! I agree with some of the others that this recipe is too soupy; and because of that, I believe the flavor was diluted.  I did like the way of doing the potatoes in the Instant Pot and adding garlic salt with 1/2 and 1/2 to I'll keep that tip. Soooooooooo good.
