Lumpia in the Air Fryer
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/270708/lumpia-in-the-air-fryer/
Remove casing from sausage and cook in a skillet over medium heat until slightly browned, 4 to 5 minutes. Add green onions, carrots, water chestnuts, and onion. Cook and stir until onions are soft and translucent, 5 to 7 minutes. Add garlic and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Season with soy sauce, salt, and ginger. Stir until filling is well combined; remove from heat. Lay a spring roll wrapper at an angle. Place a scant 1/4 cup filling in the center of the wrapper. Fold bottom corner over filling and tuck in the sides to form a roll. Use your finger to lightly moisten edges with water. Repeat with remaining wrappers and filling. Mist each roll with avocado oil cooking spray. Preheat an air fryer to 390 degrees F (198 degrees C). Place lumpia rolls in the air fryer basket, making sure they are not touching; cook in batches if necessary. Fry for 4 minutes; flip and cook until skins are crispy, about 4 minutes more.
Made this with ground pork. I did run all of the vegetables through the food processor including the garlic. Started with the carrots and added progressively to the softer vegetables. So the carrots ran through several cycles but the water chestnuts only had 1 cycle. I had fresh ginger root on hand so used about an inch instead of the ground. As others said, I didn't have avocado oil so brushed with peanut oil before air frying. Delicious! Wife said that I need to make these again. Definitely company worthy. Made this with ground pork. I did run all of the vegetables through the food processor including the garlic. Started with the carrots and added progressively to the softer vegetables. So the carrots ran through several cycles but the water chestnuts only had 1 cycle. I had fresh ginger root on hand so used about an inch instead of the ground. As others said, I didn't have avocado oil so brushed with peanut oil before air frying. Delicious! Wife said that I need to make these again. Definitely company worthy. Pretty good! The kids liked it! And yes it was crispy-I didn’t have avocado oil and mine was still crispy. delicious, definitely going to make this again. Best of all, it's easy to follow.
