Air Fryer Pakoras
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/270817/air-fryer-pakoras/
Mix together cauliflower, chickpea flour, potatoes, water, red onion, salt, garlic, curry powder, coriander, cayenne pepper, and cumin in a large bowl until well combined. Set batter aside to rest for 10 minutes. Preheat the air fryer to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease the basket of the air fryer with cooking spray. Spoon 2 tablespoons batter into the prepared basket and flatten. Repeat this as many times as the basket space allows without the pakoras touching. Mist the top of each pakora with cooking spray. Cook in the preheated air fryer for 8 minutes. Flip and cook for 8 more minutes. Transfer pakoras to a paper towel-lined plate. Repeat steps 3 and 4 with remaining batter.
These are fabulous! I substituted sweet potato instead of yellow potatoes, used yellow onion instead of red onion, tossed in a handful of kale. These are better than what we can order when dining out, and they are so much healthier! I was missing some ingredients but I did my best with substitutions and they ended up really spicy. Very useful. I used flakes of coriander instead of powder. I followed the recipe but made a combination of cauliflower, grated carrots, a little fresh spinach, and frozen green peas, no onion or potatoes, instead of all cauliflower. Only 1/2 tsp salt.  Fabulous. Served with yogurt and chutney. These were great! Added a shredded carrot and used a curry paste as a seasoning. Served with yogurt with curry paste and lime as a dipping sauce. It was delicious! Good base, but way too salty. I put a little less than the recipe called for and it was still so salty. Recommend using a teaspoon instead if you're making these. Air fry times were pretty good, I did 14 minutes instead of 16. Disappointed.  These tasted good, but the texture was pasty and too salty  (I reduced the salt by 30% so mine tasted OK). They required to be cooked at 375F in my air fryer to get to the right colour in 8 min per side.  They were barely crispy.... will not do again. These are fabulous!  I substituted sweet potato instead of yellow potatoes, used yellow onion instead of red onion, tossed in a handful of kale.   These are better than what we can order when dining out, and they are so much healthier! Loved the texture and taste of these pakoras! I used sea salt and they were way too salty but I will try again. I recommend a very small dice on the potatoes and cauliflower or they won't cook through. I used a T-fal actifry without the spinning arm and followed the recipe for cook time.
