Instant Pot Baked Beans
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/272258/instant-pot-baked-beans/
Combine water and beans in a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as an Instant Pot). Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set the timer for 15 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 20 minutes; quick-release remaining pressure according to manufacturer's directions. Unlock and remove the lid. Drain and rinse beans with cold water and set aside. Rinse and wipe out the Instant Pot insert and place back into the pressure cooker. Turn on the Instant Pot and select the Sauté function. Heat olive oil until shimmering, 2 to 3 minutes. Add salt pork, bacon, and onion; cook until fat begins to render, 1 to 2 minutes. Pour in 1/2 cup water and scrape any browned bits off the bottom. Turn the Instant Pot off. Whisk together molasses, ketchup, brown sugar, mustard, and remaining 1 cup water in a small bowl. Return cooked beans to the pot along with ketchup mixture. Gently stir to combine. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set the timer for 35 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 20 minutes; quick-release remaining pressure according to manufacturer's directions. Unlock and remove the lid. Beans will thicken as they cool. Serve immediately or freeze portions for later.
awesome... good suggestion to double the "sauciness"... I also cut sugar in half and added maple syrup I must've had newer beans as the replacement "soak" part seemed to cook them more than I would have expected.  I adjusted "baking" part going high for 30 mins then quick release.  Yummy.  Thanks for the recipe. Super yummy. But like another cook added a tiny bit of Worcestershire sauce. Also I substituted dry mustard powder for the yellow. Made changes. I didn’t follow directions exactly this time. I sauteed the onions and bacon first, then added great northern beans( uncooked) sauteed for a bit, then added 32 oz. water., the sauce mixture( doubled ) and set timer for 90 minutes on High. Afterwards , in releasing pressure, tasted and added more time and adjustments made for flavor. Great recipe!  I add 2 tablespoons of chili powder.  I encountered the burn message when using navy beans, like others encountered.  I use northern beans and don't have a problem.  Always get compliments when I make it. Loved this! I followed the advice of other users and doubled all sauce ingredients except brown sugar, and used all bacon because that was what I had. Because I was home all day, I adjusted the cooking time after noticing that some people said their beans were soft after the initial cooking: I added beans and water, pressure cooked on high for 12 minutes, then let it natural release and sit for about 2 hours. Then followed the regular instructions but only cooked the beans for another 12 mins. Turned out perfect! I'm a new Instant Pot user.  This is my favourite recipe so far.  Don't skip adding the mustard... it adds loads of flavour, but does not taste like mustard.  Strange, but true! Great recipie, next time I will reduce the brown sugar. Nice to make it in the instapot because the beans keep their shape. This is the best of the best!  I usually add a little extra molasses and sometimes just ham base instead of bacon or salt pork These beans were a big hit at our last potluck.  I didn't exactly double the sauce but I did add some extra molasses and a little bit of Worcestershire.
