Easy Shrimp Fried Rice
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/272834/easy-homemade-shrimp-fried-rice/
Heat sesame oil and olive oil in a large nonstick skillet or wok over medium-high heat. Add shrimp and cook until they are bright pink on the outside and the meat is opaque, about 3 minutes, flipping halfway through. Remove shrimp from the skillet using a slotted spoon, allowing oils and cooking juices to remain in the skillet. Place shrimp on a plate and set aside. Add peas and carrots and corn to the skillet and cook, stirring intermittently, until vegetables begin to soften, about 2 minutes. Add garlic; cook and stir for 1 minute. Push vegetables to the side of the skillet, pour eggs into the other side, and cook to scramble, stirring as necessary, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir shrimp, rice, and green onions into the skillet. Drizzle evenly with soy sauce, season with salt and pepper, and stir to combine. Cook until shrimp is reheated through, about 2 minutes.
I didn't have any corn so I just used frozen peas and carrots, and I didn't have sesame oil so I just replaced it with more olive oil. I also made a larger portion.It still turned out well! I am a beginner cook and this was both easy and delicious! Simple and delicious I love this recipe (I love ) this recipe because I actually love shrimp fried rice but I am alergic to eggs and this recipe can be eaten without the eggs and now I can make it with the recipe for this recipe! I am truly blessed to have this recipe so those that love the eggs and those who can’t eat eggs can have it without! I am so grateful! This was really good and quick. I used Trader Joe’s frozen vegetable fried rice (added a little plain brown rice to stretch) and added a small can of pineapple chunks. Kids loved it. No Great ingredients and easy to make!I added Chinese 5 Spice for a bit more authentic taste!Over all it gets 5 ⭐😋 YUM! I thought it was a very nice recipe, especially since I was planning to make fried rice. This recipe arrived right on time.The only I added to the recipe was about 1 tbsp of finely chopped yellow onions. Added a little teriyaki sauce too
