Air Fryer Chicken Thighs
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/272858/air-fryer-chicken-thighs/
Gather all ingredients and preheat an air fryer to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Pat chicken thighs dry with a paper towel and brush skins with olive oil. Place chicken thighs, skin-side down, in a single layer on a plate. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine smoked paprika, garlic powder, salt, and pepper in a bowl. Sprinkle 1/2 of the seasoning mixture evenly over thighs. Turn thighs over and evenly sprinkle with remaining seasoning. Arrange thighs, skin-side up, in a single layer in the air fryer basket. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook in the preheated air fryer until thighs are brown and the juices run clear, about 18 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! llrecipe
super easy, super delicious. I cooked my chicken with skin on, bone in. They took 25-30 @ 400 degrees. This will be a new favorite of mine. Love this recipe for chicken thighs. It’s super easy and just the right flavours. I used bone in skin on thighs. They were done in in 22 minutes. I'll use a little less salt next time. The skin was nice and crisp, will make again. I followed the recipe exactly except my thighs were skinless.  Didn't seem to matter because they were juicy and very tasty!  Will make this again and again and again... Very simple and tasty. Two things - I would reduce the amount of salt and I would double the spices. Will be making this again. Made this with boneless, skinless thighs and it turned out great! This was delicious! I made it exactly as the recipe called for, except I doubled the seasoning. The timing was pretty accurate, maybe 2-3 minutes longer.Thanks for the recipe! Awesome will save and make again Delicious and so easy! I prepared as directed, however, I used bone-in, skin-on chicken thighs; took about 21 minutes to cook. It was perfect--juicy, tender with crispy skin! Will definitely use this quick and easy recipe again!
