Easy Slow Cooker Creamy Chicken Chili
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273277/easy-slow-cooker-creamy-chicken-chili/
Place chicken breasts in the bottom of a slow cooker. Pour cannellini beans, black beans, corn, and tomatoes over the chicken in order listed. Sprinkle ranch dressing mix, chili powder, cumin, and onion powder on top. Place cream cheese on top. Cook on Low until chicken is fork-tender, 6 to 8 hours. Remove chicken breasts and shred with two forks or cut into bite-sized chunks. Stir chicken back into the slow cooker; mix chili thoroughly.
This couldn’t be any easier! My husband and I loved it. I made 3 slight changes: I added a can of hot, diced, fire roasted green chiles as well as frozen corn instead of canned, and I added the cream cheese at the end to keep it from breaking down from being in the slow cooker so long. Delicious and definitely something I’ll make again. My niece told me about this recipe so I decided to give it a try. I had all the ingredients on hand, however weeks ago when I bought canned corn, I picked up cream of corn, don’t know why, I never eat cream of corn. I decided what the heck I will use it, I wasn’t going to go to the store for just a can of corn. I followed the recipe, did add the extra green chili as mentioned at the end of the recipe and it came out wonderful! We had sour dough bread with it and enjoyed it very much on a cold night. It is only my husband and I so there is plenty leftover, enough for 2 more meals. One review I saw said it is too thin, not mine. It is thick enough the next day it could be use for enchiladas. This was not dry at all so creamy. I made this recipe last night and it was delicious! I only had one can of diced tomatoes and chiles and added a little less cream cheese and WOW - it was so good. Perfect comfort food, the best white chicken chili we've had! I put in one extra chicken breast and ended up putting in a little hot sauce. Definitely a keeper. I wish I could give this more stars! It is so good the first time I made it me and my roommate moaned through the whole first bowl and I say first because we both had a seconds it was gone if not the next day the morning after cuz I think she was eating it for breakfast lol it is so so good. And I just want to say the people that did not give it five stars are the people that changed the recipe go figure. I made a few changes and this was great!  I added a cup of chicken broth for extra liquid and threw in half a can of pumpkin puree I had on hand.  I used reduced fat cream cheese.  Next time, I'll add the beans closer to the end of the cooking time and omit the corn. I’ve made this recipe to the tea several times. It’s really great, but I’ve noticed it’s pretty dry. Still trying to figure out how to make it with more juice. This is a wonderful recipe! It is easy and quick and tastes great. Thanks for contributing it! Agree with another reviewer; this should be classified as a soup because of its consistency. In my opinion, it needs more spices to give it the true chili flavor. I used a package of skinless, boneless chicken thighs as a personal preference. It tasted pretty bland, and I probably would not cook it again. Made this tonight exactly as written except I added the cream cheese after shredding the chicken. Had my niece and nephew for dinner and both loved it. Nice blend of flavors. This is going into the permanent rotation.
