Southern-Style Baked Banana Pudding
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273495/southern-style-baked-banana-pudding/
Separate eggs, placing the whites in the bowl of a stand mixer and the yolks into a saucepan. Prepare the custard: Add sugar, salt, and 1/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon flour to the yolks. Splash in about 1/4 of the milk and start blending mixture with a whisk. Pour in remaining milk and whisk until smooth. Cook and stir mixture over medium heat until hot to the touch, occasionally dipping your finger in to test. Whisk constantly until custard is thick enough to form ribbons. Remove custard from heat and add banana liqueur, vanilla, then cold butter. Whisk until butter dissolves. Set custard aside. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Begin to assemble the pudding: Toss banana slices with lemon juice. Spread 1/4 of the custard over the bottom of a baking dish. Add a single layer of vanilla wafers. Cover with 1/2 of the bananas and spread 1/2 of the remaining custard on top. Add another layer of vanilla wafers, using slightly fewer this time. Top with remaining bananas and custard. Smooth the top and tap dish against the counter to settle the pudding. Make the meringue topping: Add cream of tartar to the egg whites. Beat using the whisk attachment until foamy. Gradually add sugar and beat until stiff, but not dry, peaks form. Spread meringue over the pudding using a soft spatula, creating ridges for contrast. Bake in the preheated oven until meringue is nicely browned, 7 to 10 minutes. Serve warm or chilled.
After 25 years of marriage, I have finally found a recipe that my hubby LOVES! Since it is difficult to eat the whole thing in one sitting, I divide it up into 3 Corelle 28oz pasta bowls. Though these are not rated for the 400 degree temp in the recipe, since the cooking time is so short, I have not had any issues in baking the pudding in them. The wonderful thing about these bowls is that I have the lids that go on them. This way, we can eat them over several nights without the bananas going bad. I also have used 1/2 t of banana flavoring in place of the liquor. Great tasting banana pudding and easy to make! Too soupy. I'm allergic to bananas, so I rarely get to eat this type of dessert. This was my first time making it. I decreased the sugar like others suggested. Omitted the bananas, of course. I added chocolate chips like Chef John mentioned in the video. Super tasty! Would definitely make it again. Absolutely Delicious and easy to make! Fabulously delicious with the pillowy meringue combined with the yummy custard. I think the sweetness was just right. Serving it chilled might take it down a notch. I used bourbon in place of the banana liqueur. Other than that and using just 2 bananas, followed the recipe as written. Make this one! I am a 73-year-old guy who has owned three "coffee and dessert" shops since 1985. I made everything from scratch, including the coffee, as much as possible (I imported green coffee beans and roasted them). I feel qualified to say that this is as good a Banana Pudding recipe as I've ever had. With a few tweaks, it will be something I don't say too much . . . perfect!First, I made the recipe *pretty much* as written, taking someone else's advice and cutting the sugar back to 1/4 cup. Next time I'll eliminate the sugar. I think the natural sugars produced by the bananas are all that is needed. 2) The recipe doesn't say, but the pudding should be baked on the lower rack of the oven because the meringue will burn otherwise 3) Fresh bananas are DELICIOUS! Three-day old were not available, but after 24 hours, the difference can’t be told. Chilled pudding and folded whipped heavy whipping cream to cool pudding then finished receipe as written.  Best Banana pudding ever. I used evaporated milk instead of whole milk, my husband said it was absolutely delicious. Delicious, perfect spring dish , just made 1 little  change, instead of vanilla wafers, I added hazelnut wafers.
