Bang Bang Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273785/bang-bang-chicken/
Whisk together milk and egg in a large bowl until well combined. Add chicken; stir to coat and allow to marinate for 15 minutes. Drain and discard egg mixture. Combine potato starch, flour, salt, pepper, and shichimi in a medium bowl. Pour into a large plastic resealable bag. Add chicken; seal the bag and shake until chicken is well coated. Heat 2 inches oil in a deep saucepan over medium heat to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Working in batches of about 5 to 8 pieces at a time, cook chicken in hot oil for about 90 seconds. Remove to a paper towel-lined plate; keep each batch separate. Increase oil temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). The oil should be continuously boiling at this point. Carefully re-add the first batch of chicken and fry for another 90 seconds. Remove to another paper towel-lined plate. Repeat with remaining batches of chicken. Mix together mayonnaise, honey, sweet chili sauce, and gochujang in a large serving bowl until combined. Toss fried chicken with sauce to coat.
I'm the recipe author and I love this recipe so much, and hope that you will, too. Shichimi togarashi is a Japanese seven-spice blend which includes ground red pepper...you can sub with any ground red pepper, like cayenne. Using the Japanese version gives it a different type of spicy flavor, but it will essentially be very similar. There's another spice called Ichimi togarashi, which is just ground red chile pepper. Please comment with any questions or let me know what you think! I can see this being a staple in my menu selection. Easy to make from ingredients you probably have already. Super tasty, crunchy and fun to enjoy as dinner or at a tailgate party. Excellent! I didn’t use all purpose flour though, only potato starch. It created a crispy, nicely browned coating that didn’t get soggy in the sauce. This was easy. Good instructions and it was delicious. I will definitely be making it again. I used vegannnaise,  gardine chick'n', maple syrup, non-dairy milk, Bob's Red Mills egg replacer. I followed the recipe and the vegan chich'n' turned out good.
