Slow Cooker Ground Chicken Chili
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274091/slow-cooker-ground-chicken-chili/
Heat vegetable oil over medium-high heat in a medium-sized pan. Cook and stir ground chicken in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain and discard grease. Combine chili powder, garlic, cumin, and red pepper flakes in a small bowl; stir into chicken to coat. Transfer chicken to a slow cooker. Add kidney beans, diced tomatoes with chiles, black beans, onion, and chopped jalapeno. Pour chicken broth over mixture and stir to combine. Cover and cook on High until chili has cooked down and thickened, about 4 hours, or on Low for about 8 hours. Stir corn kernels into mixture during last 30 minutes of cook time. Spoon chili into bowls and top each with sour cream, Cheddar cheese, green onions, and sliced jalapeno.
It was very good. Overall, the recipe was good! I followed the recipe as written. The only thing was, it was too watery. The taste was great, just enough heat. I will make it again. I halved the hot seasonings and added salt. Treated great! I made this as written and my family thought it was okay.  It wasn't bad but no one was wanting more. It wasn't spicy in our opinion and was more soup-like than chili-like. Awesome recipe.. Nice medium bite. I smoked one breast (boneless) and three thighs (bone in) came out to 1.04lbs and shredded them for perfect distribution.. Yum. Smoked at 280 for about 3hrs  IT was 180. Good recipe that I tweaked..sauteed onions and garlic, added corn & its liquid, added some canned Adobe chipotles in sauce, just chopped them up and finally just added some spoonfuls of herbed cream cheese, not mixed in but left on top. Cooked for 8 hours in slow cooker, then gave it a good stir before serving..even my fussy husband who isn’t a fan of ground chicken liked this. I’ll make it again. I omitted the red pepper and the jalapeño because there were Rotel tomatoes in the recipe. I am a heat wimp. However, my husband added the red pepper and the chopped jalapeño to his bowls. I put two large chicken breasts in the bottom of the slow cooker and shredded them as was suggested. This was a delicious chicken chili that I will definitely make again.
