Instant Pot® Tuscan Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274230/instant-pot-tuscan-chicken/
Combine paprika, salt, and pepper in a bowl and season chicken tenders on both sides. Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot®) and select Saute function. Add olive oil. Brown chicken tenders in the hot oil for about 2 minutes. Remove to a plate. Add butter to Instant Pot®. Stir in onion and garlic; cook and stir for 1 to 2 minutes. Pour in chicken broth, scraping off browned bits from the bottom with a wooden spoon. Mix in penne pasta, half-and-half, Italian seasoning, salt and pepper. Return chicken tenders back to the pot; close and lock the lid. Select High pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 5 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Remove chicken to plate and cover with foil. Immediately stir penne to separate them from the sauce. Mix in cream cheese, stirring until sauce is smooth. Add Parmesan cheese, spinach, and sun-dried tomatoes, stirring well. Chop chicken into bite-sized pieces, return to the pot, and stir to combine with the sauce. Toss basil in right before serving.
This was delicious and easy. I used chicken breast and cut it into bite-sized pieces before browning so that I didn't have to separate it at the end and cut it up. I added the sundried tomatoes before cooking to help reconstitute them and improve their texture and I used fat-free half-n-half to reduce calories. This recipe is great as is but next time I'll reduce the Italian seasonings by half as I thought it overpowered the sundried tomatoes. This recipe was easy and delicious.  I reduced the spinach by 50% since we are not big spinach lovers. We will be making it again. This was fantastic. Wow!!   A change I made was to add the tomatoes with the onion and garlic and pressure cook them.  It’s a texture preference thing- love the flavor. Do not care for the toothsomeness.  I also doubled the pasta and therefore added another cup of broth.  This was SO DELICIOUS.  Everyone loved it. This is similar to another allrecipes recipe that I make on the stove but without the cream cheese. I like that this one is made in the instant pot so I don't have to cook the pasta separately and is thicker. I added some bell pepper and threw in the sundried tomatoes to cook under pressure. I used bowtie pasta. I used 2 large chicken breasts cut up into large chunks and barely sauteed it, and cooked under pressure for only 4 mins. I read the recipe wrong and let it NPR for 5 mins and the chicken ended up tough but that was my fault. I only added half a block of cream cheese because I used heavy cream instead of half and half and felt it was rich enough. This was yummy and my family agreed! Quick, easy and yummy!! Followed the recipe, except for adding basil.  This was absolutely so delicious, but it was soupy.  After I added the spinach, I stirred it in the hot dish, and put the lid to the IP back on, not tightly, to give everyone time to get to the table and for the spinach to wilt.  It's very good, but it's like a velvety cream soup. One of our absolute favorite recipes. This was delicious and easy.  I used chicken breast and cut it into bite-sized pieces before browning so that I didn't have to separate it at the end and cut it up.  I added the sundried tomatoes before cooking to help reconstitute them and improve their texture and I used fat-free half-n-half to reduce calories.  This recipe is great as is but next time I'll reduce the Italian seasonings by half as I thought it overpowered the sundried tomatoes. Chicken is rediculously tender and flavorful. I've made this several times, and my wife asks me to make it all the time.
