Falafel with Canned Chickpeas
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274884/falafel-with-canned-chickpeas/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mash chickpeas in a bowl using a masher. Combine mashed chickpeas, onions, parsley, and garlic in a blender; blend until smooth. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix eggs, cumin, coriander, salt, lemon juice, baking powder, black pepper, and cayenne together in a bowl. Add chickpea mixture and mix together. Add bread crumbs slowly and combine using your hands until mixture will hold together when frying. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Form mixture into twelve 3-inch diameter patties. Fry patties in hot oil until browned, 3 to 4 minutes per side. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I followed the recipe using metric measurements and it turned out perfectly. With metric measurements I was able to be more accurate. The falafel tastes good in a sandwich or solo treats! During this quarantine, I only had canned chickpeas so this recipe was PERFECT! Easy recipe with good flavour. I served mine shaped as a burger and topped with grilled halumi a in a burger bun with salad. Easy to convert to gluten free. This is one of the best falafel recipes I’ve ever made. Everyone loved it! I used a large cookie scoop and fried 3 minutes on each side in olive oil. I followed the recipe exactly and the patties came out perfectly.  They keep well in the fridge for days and are great cold or warmed up in sandwiches or on the side. I made this VEGAN and they were the best Falafel, I have ever had! A great recipe. My wife is GF so I used corn flake crumbs. Worked a treat and going to do it many times  again. Love the recipe. Soooo I ended up with 17 3-inch patties somehow instead of 12, only used 1 onion because it was a huge one.  Came out perfect! I love this! I doubled the recipe, used GF breadcrumbs and added fresh mint & dill I fried them in Avocado oil and served them with lettuce wraps, pickled red onions, chopped tomatoes, cucumbers, kalamata olives, feta cheese and tzatziki! Scrumptious! The BEST recipe yet! I added a pinch of Smoke Paprika and used only half the salt. Brushed with olive oil and pit in Air Fryer at 375⁰ for 14 minutes. Perfect! I only used one can of chickpeas and one jumbo egg . The rest I followed but I went light on the breadcrumbs- maybe just one cup. They were totally awesome and really easy. It’s in our regular rotation now. Delicious! Next time I’ll use 2 cans because they freeze perfectly. I individually wrap in plastic and store in a freezer bag.
