Chicken-Bacon-Ranch Pasta Bake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274971/chicken-bacon-ranch-pasta-bake/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Coat a 9x13-inch baking dish with cooking spray. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook bow-tie pasta at a boil, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 12 minutes. Meanwhile, melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add cream cheese and ranch mix; whisk until smooth. Slowly whisk in milk. Stir in Monterey Jack; cook until melted and sauce thickened, 5 to 10 minutes. Crumble in 6 strips bacon; stir to combine. Combine pasta and chicken together in a large bowl. Pour in sauce and mix until well combined; transfer to prepared baking dish. Sprinkle on Cheddar Jack; crumble remaining 2 strips bacon on top. Bake in the preheated oven until cheese melted, about 20 minutes.
Great recipe, used pepper jack Monterrey cheese for some flavor boost.This recipe calls for neither potatoes nor politics. It’s a cooking site, not the Washington Post. This was fantastic! I was actually out of butter, so I used the bacon grease instead. It turned out wonderfully! I think broccoli would make a great stir-in for next time. Very different version of chicken casserole. Very nice recipe. The only changes I made: added sauteed mushrooms and used the bacon grease with 2 tbpns butter for extra bacon flavor. Will make again. I might add broccol or spinach. It’s quite tasty. Great way to use up leftover chicken. I had to use cheddar jack because I forgot to buy Monterey Jack; not sure if that makes a difference in taste, but still a good recipe. 😊 I haven't made anything so unhealthy in years and everyone loved it. How could they not? I did use turkey bacon though. It was a lot of pots and pans but it came together quickly. I used rotisserie chicken. Turned out great! I doubled the recipe and used cream cheese, brie, pepper jack and cheddar because that is what I had on hand. Also sautéed caramelized 1 small onion. Yummo. This is now one of my families favorites, creamy and cheesy. The only change is that I seasoned my chicken and sauce with garlic and onion powder and pepper. Instead of 2 I used 3 tablespoons of ranch. Definitely a keeper and now in our rotation. This recipe wasn’t too bad, but I didn’t like all of the pots and pans I had to washed. I did everything that was on the recipe. I cook the bacon in the oven and the chicken in the air fryer about 30 minutes before cooking everything else.  The food came out good, but I wished I added some more seasonings. I made this for the first time recently and it was great. The only change I made was substituting large shell pasta for the bow tie pasta.  Took it to a potluck and every bit was eaten - people were scraping the last bits out of the casserole pan. It's not the healthiest dish in the world and has lots of calories per serving, but boy, it's good.  For an occasional family treat or for a potluck, I would highly recommend it. Our whole household liked it a lot. I had to make a couple changes, there wasn't any plain cream cheese at the store when I went to get the ingredients so I used the Philadelphia's Garlic and Herb cream cheese which added a nice taste to it. I ended up making a whole pound of bacon and crumbled 8 in the casserole and 4 on top. I had to use sharp cheddar since I'm not a huge fan of Monterey Jack. I also used 3 small chicken breasts instead of 2. My hubby instantly said he'd want me to make this again so I probably will. It tasted great, smelled great, and made me happy for leftover lol.
