Sheet Pan Parmesan Chicken and Veggies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274966/sheet-pan-parmesan-chicken-and-veggies/
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a sheet pan with parchment paper. Combine oregano, parsley, paprika, garlic powder, seasoned salt, and pepper in a small bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studios Place green beans, potato, bell pepper, broccoli, and garlic onto the prepared sheet pan. Drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with 1/2 of the seasoning mix; toss to coat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place flour into a bowl. Place melted butter into a second bowl. Mix panko, 2/3 cup Parmesan cheese, and the remaining seasoning mix together in a third bowl. Slice chicken into 1 1/4-inch strips, then coat in flour. Dredge floured strips in melted butter, dripping excess butter back into the bowl. Press into Parmesan-panko mixture until heavily coated on both sides. otdash Meredith Food Studio Push veggies to one half of the sheet pan. Place coated chicken strips onto the other side. Sprinkle any remaining Parmesan-panko mixture over chicken, pressing to adhere. Bake in the preheated oven for 10 minutes. Flip chicken strips and stir veggies, then continue to bake until chicken juices run clear and veggies are crisp-tender, 10 to 15 more minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of the chicken should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Meanwhile, make the dipping sauce: Whisk mayonnaise, ketchup, garlic powder, and Worcestershire sauce together in a small bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove chicken and veggies from the oven. Toss veggies with remaining 1/3 cup Parmesan cheese. Serve with dipping sauce.
Made this today for Sunday dinner after church. It was quick and easy. I used cauliflower, carrots, broccoli and one baking potato (diced). I had to use an additional small baking sheet for the chicken as I used too many veggies. I would say the one thing that was missing was salt, so next time I'd definitely add some to both the chicken and the veggies. So delicious! System will not let us print the recipe. It says we are locked out?????? The recipe never said to turn the oven off and my house burned down :((( Good flavor as written, but I did add salt and pepper, used the veggies I had on hand, cooked the veggies for 10-15 min @ 425 before adding the chicken on a separate baking sheet. Thanks for a good recipe. I thought this was very good but hubby was not as pleased. The spice mix is not overpowering and tasted good. The sauce kicks the flavor up a notch. It was done in the time stated with the chicken tender and flavorful. Hubby didn't care for the roasted veggies but I liked them. It did not take very long to assemble either. Quick and easy. Added more seasoning for flavor. Left  broccoli out but added potatoes I love this recipe My wife and I both liked this recipe. It was easy to make and healthy with all the vegetables. I cut the ingredients back for the two of us and skipped the dipping sauce, though in the end it could have used some kind of sauce. I skipped the initial flour dredging - I am not sure this is needed and they turned out crispy and flavorful. My chicken was very thin and cooked faster than the vegetables so I kept the chicken warn while the rest cooked.  Overall a very nice recipe.
