Instant Pot Pinto Beans (No Soaking)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275053/instant-pot-pinto-beans-no-soaking/
Gather the ingredients. Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot) and select Sauté function. Add bacon and cook, turning once, 4 to 6 minutes. Add chicken broth, pinto beans, water, onions, chile peppers, garlic powder, salt, chili powder, cumin, and paprika. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 45 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, 10 to 40 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Remove bacon and chile peppers; chop to desired consistency and return to the pot. Mash beans with a potato masher until they reach desired consistency.
Made as written and these were excellent! I honestly expected them to be under cooked but they were perfect. The last step calls for mashing to desired consistency so I'm wondering if these were intended to be refried beans? I left them as is straight out of the IP and we enjoyed them very much. So easy and yummy!  Love the no soaking.  One of my kids is vegan, so I left out the bacon, and used vegetable broth for all the liquid.  I used a small can of green chiles.  This is a great recipe - this is my 2nd time to try it. I love this! It was simple and easy. I used pork belly as the meat, and added green peppers. Spiced it up a bit more. I added (2) extra cups of broth being that I love the broth, and cooked for 45 minutes. Truly Satisfied…Thank you!🙏🏻🌸 I did spice mine up a bit more but, the ratio of liquid to beans and cook time were right on the money. I soaked my beans for 4 hours before, so only did 30 minutes. Turned out perfect! Also threw in a meaty ham bone and added bell peppers instead of chile peppers. This recipe is going in my rotation. Served with rice and fed a crowd! Used Sazon as that was what I had on hand. Instead of bacon, I used smoked turkey necks. It was a hit! I love not having to soak the beans. I added oregano.  It was good but I'll keep tweaking the ingredients. This recipe is great foundation. Great flavor! They were still too firm after 45 minutes, maybe because my instant pot is 3 quarts, so it was quite full. Next time, I'll give it 5 or 10 more minutes. I did not use the bacon and like it without. I used minced garlic instead of garlic powder. Quick and Easy to get going and tastes great.  I did use beef broth,  but just my preference to make burritos.
