Instant Pot® Jerk Chicken Alfredo
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275145/instant-pot-jerk-chicken-alfredo/
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot®) and select Saute function. When hot, add butter, red bell pepper, green bell pepper, and onion. Cook until softened and fragrant, about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, slice each chicken breast horizontally creating two thin fillets. Cut each fillet into diagonal strips and sprinkle with 1 1/2 teaspoons jerk seasoning. Add to Instant Pot® and cook for 5 minutes. Cancel Saute function. Mix in penne, water, whipping cream, and garlic base. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 15 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Stir in remaining jerk seasoning and Parmesan cheese until well combined. Add more cream if you like, up to 1/4 cup.
Other than using boneless thighs, I didn't change a thing. Your mouth will thank you! This is DELICIOUS!!! Imagine a chilly afternoon or evening camped in front of the fireplace with a heaping bowl of this decadence..... Very good! Quick and Easy! Made it as directed pretty much.I doubled peppers to 1 cup each,  I like extra veggies in my meals. Used fresh garlic, didn't  have the garlic base on hand.Recommend adding the extra cream and seasoning at the end of cook time as suggested makes  a richer sauce.I think I might try adding  andouille sausage and/or shrimp along with the chicken next time.Thank you for posting! We LOVED this recipie! We will definatly be making again. I did two things differently due to what I had on hand. I did not have the garlic base so I followed others recomendations and used 1 tsp chicken base, 2 tbsp (heaping, I love garlic) minced garlic and 1 tsp garlic powder.  Turned out great! The second change was that I only had 1 chicken breast on hand so I cut it smaller and cooked it through. Then cooked everything on pressure for 5 minutes instead of 15 as everything (besides penne) was already cooked completely. Next time that I have everything on hand I'll make as the recipie states, but I am sure it will still be excellent! Yum!  I didn't have any jerk seasoning, but used Old Bay Blackened seasoning and it turned out great! this was delicious. I had to take some liberties because garlic base doesn’t exist where I live. So I made my own! Here’s my “garlic base”: in a mortar and pestle thinger, mix 1 heaping scoop of chicken bouillon powder and 2 heaping scoops of prepared chopped garlic (the stuff that comes in the jar). Mash it up real well, then add about 1tsp of garlic powder. Use that instead of the garlic base in the recipe and you’re good to go! I’ll be making this again FOR SURE. So glad I found this recipe. Made this before, but made it again without the jerk seasoning.Liked it better! I couldn't find garlic base at my local store, so I substituted chicken bouillon with some garlic powder. The result was still a restaurant quality meal I thoroughly enjoyed. This was a really good, easy recipe. I doubled it all and fed a family of 5 with leftovers. I used Walkers jerk seasoning, and next time will add more. I also didn't have the garlic base so used chicken stock and added garlic. Very warming but flavorful. I made 2 changes, gluten and dairy free. I substituted the water and whipping cream with 1 can of coconut milk, and used gluten free penne. I also didn't add cheese at the end. It came out great, and I can honestly say I didn't miss the cheese. We will definitely being eating this again.
