Green Beans Almondine
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275305/green-beans-almondine/
Place beans into a microwave-safe casserole dish with enough water to cover the bottom. Microwave on high power until almost tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain in a colander and refresh under cold running water to keep them bright green in color. Heat a frying pan over medium heat. Add almonds and cook until just starting to turn golden, about 3 to 5 minutes, watching closely so as to not burn. Take pan off of heat and add butter to melt. Return to heat and add garlic. Mix in green beans, season with salt and pepper, and continue to stir until heated through, 3 to 5 minutes. rance 
A quick way to prepare a delicious side dish! For my tastes, 8-10 minutes in the microwave is way overcooked. If you like your green beans with a bit of snap to them, I highly recommend cooking only half the stated time. I found them perfectly done at 4 minutes. I also didn't find they needed 5 minutes in the pan as they were still warm when I added them; 2 minutes to toss and coat everything evenly was plenty. I loved the flavor of the garlic and toasted almonds. A great combo that I will make again! Love this recipe!  My mom used to make this dish and added a squeeze of fresh lemon. I do too. I also used canned french cut green beans.  Still got rave reviews from the family. Very good!  I used roasted hazelnuts I had. We love fresh green beans and I was very excited to make this. I made it exactly as directed, but it just didn't have much flavor. I'm not sure why as I used fresh garlic and real butter. This is easy, fresh, and delicious! I use the skinny French green beans (haricots verts) and boil them for 5 minutes and shock them in cold water. I’m addicted to these green beans!!! I make them all the time! Cooked beans as directed in a 1,000 watt microwave.  Way over cooked. 4-5 minunes would be sufficient depending on how you like the beans cooked. Flavorful and easy to prepare. I liked cooking the green beans in the microwave.  The degree of doneness was nearly perfect, possibly because I used really young green beans.  I did 8 minutes, and I think next time I'll go for 7 minutes.  I used sliced almonds, because that is what I had, on hand.  The fresh minced garlic added a lot, too!  Thanks for the recipe! I normally don't make many recipes with green beans, but I was cooking with a friend and was handed a bag of green beans and some almonds and had to figure out what to make. I found this recipe and it was easy to make, and very delicious. It turned out to be a big hit, so I'm adding it to my collection.
