Air Fryer Turkey Breast
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275372/air-fryer-turkey-breast/
Preheat the air fryer to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place rosemary, chives, garlic, salt, and pepper onto a cutting board. Cut butter into thin slices on top of herbs and seasonings and mash until well blended. Pat turkey breast dry and rub with herbed butter on both sides and under the skin. Place turkey into the air fryer basket, skin-side down, and air fry for 20 minutes. Turn turkey to skin-side up carefully and continue frying until an instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone reads 165 degrees F (74 degrees C), about 18 minutes more. Transfer to a platter and tent with aluminum foil; allow to rest for 10 minutes. Slice and serve warm.
Awesome new and fast way to cook a Turkey. I did almost just what the recipe called for but the rosemary. I don't like rosemary so I eliminated it. My Turkey came out very juicy and tender. Give it a try, you'll love it. Single guy with a dog. Love turkey on the crispy side. Makes great leftovers. I love it, but I wrapped the breast with bacon after I seasoned the breast minus the butter. I used Montreal steak seasoning, although recommended for beef its great on poultry as well. Cook times may vary with how fatty your bacon may be. This was easy and tasty. I rubbed the bird with some canola oil before adding the butter mixture of garlic, poultry seasoning, s&p. Followed the time given but had to add more add the end. We recently purchased an air fryer and tried this recipe.  The turkey breast was moist and delicious!  Everyone in my family agreed this recipe is a keeper.  We'll be making it again as it's super easy and tastes great! Very I like that you can adjust the meal to your family's size. Also very good. Thanks Awesome new and fast way to cook a Turkey. I did almost just what the recipe called for but the rosemary.  I don't like rosemary so I  eliminated it.  My Turkey came out very juicy and tender. Give it a try, you'll love it.
