Chef John's American Goulash
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275489/chef-johns-american-goulash/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat oil in a pot over medium-high heat. Add ground beef and onion; cook and stir until beef is browned and crumbly and onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Continue to cook and stir until liquid is evaporated, 3 to 5 minutes. Add garlic, bay leaves, paprika, Italian seasoning, salt, black pepper, and cayenne. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook, stirring occasionally, until flavors come together, about 3 minutes. Pour in broth, marinara sauce, and diced tomatoes. Pour water into the sauce jar, swirl, and pour into the pot. Stir in soy sauce; bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer until flavors intensify, about 30 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Increase the heat to medium-high and bring to a rapid simmer. Stir in macaroni; cook, stirring occasionally, until just barely tender, about 12 minutes. Check for doneness after 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove from the heat and discard bay leaves. Stir in Cheddar and parsley. Cover and let rest for 5 minutes. Taste and season as desired.
I was skeptical, but Chef John has never steered me wrong. So glad I tried it as I was pleasantly surprised. It tastes fancier than it sounds, and my family loved it. Next time would use less salt and more cayenne. This will be in regular rotation. We liked it. I cooked noodles too long but great flavor and worth freezing ½ for another meal later. Served with Pillsbury jumbo buttermilk biscuits.  ; Loved it, it has a awesome balance of flavor. I did add green pepper and  changed the meat contents to 1lb hamburger & 1lb Italian sausage. Other then that stayed true to recipe. My family loved it.  A great way to meal prep. Everyone loved it! I did use 1 1/2lbs ground beef and a pkg of hot Italian sausage. Only 3 cups of chicken broth (I didn't want it watery..) I was also short on paprika.  Otherwise it came out absolutely awesome! This is a staple in our household! The whole is greater than the sum of the parts. It is very easy to make and feeds us for days.I wanted to write this review to share some suggestions for getting the most out of the recipe. First, do NOT omit the parsley and cheese at the end. The parsley especially freshens and livens it up. We go quite generous with the parsley. And the cheese really ties it together. Second, we have found that adding vegetables with the onions is quite nice. I would especially recommend a generous helping of mushrooms, which soak up all the other flavors and really elevate it.Happy cooking. I have made several times. So delicious. My 8 year cried and said “it looks like the cat threw up and you added elbow pasta to it!” This looked horrible, and tasted like a chunky ragu. Nothing like I remember from when I was a kid in Massachusetts. Must be regional bc my recipe was made with tomato soup concentrate and tasted nothing like italian/pasta. Third time I made it. It is delicious. the only change I made was I used Better than Boullion Vegetable broth instead of the Chicken broth.Deeeelicious!
