Breaded Air Fryer Pork Chops
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275553/breaded-air-fryer-pork-chops/
Preheat an air fryer to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Place pork chops on a plate and season both sides with Cajun seasoning. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pulse croutons in a small food processor until fine; transfer to a shallow dish. Lightly beat eggs in a separate shallow dish. Working one at a time, dip pork chops into beaten egg, letting excess drip off; press into crouton breading to coat both sides and place breaded chop, unstacked, onto a plate. Repeat with remaining chops. Mist chops with cooking spray. otdash Meredith Food Studios Spray the air fryer basket with cooking spray and arrange chops in a single layer in the air fryer basket. You may have to do two batches depending on the size of your air fryer. Cook in the preheated air fryer for 5 minutes; flip chops and mist again with cooking spray if there are dry areas. Cook 5 minutes more. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of the chops should read 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
This is the first air fryer recipe that I have found that I really like!! I recently purchased an Emeril Lagasse power air fryer, and generally speaking have found it lacking. Every time I followed one of their protein recipes, I found the protein to be undercooked and rubbery. That did not happen w this recipe. That being said I did make some adjustments. I lengthened the cooking time to 25 minutes. 15 mins side one and 10 mins for side two. Regarding the croutons I felt that a bit labor intensive so instead I used panko bread crumbs combined w a 1/4c of Parmesan and 1tsp of garlic powder. And I only needed one egg to coat 4 chops. The time may just be my Emeril air fryer but it worked perfectly. It also defaults to 400* for air fry setting so I left it at that. But the basics of this are great, and I will definitely do it again! This recipe was fantastic! I cooked them for 5 min on one side and 10 min on the other. This left the internal temperature between 146 to 148 Fahrenheit. This left the pork chops flavorful and juicy. I mixed a teaspoon of Cajun seasoning in with the bread crumbs In addition to sprinkling Cajun seasoning on the chops. I did two batches so I could figure out a good cooking time. A number of people mentioned cooking it for additional time. I cooked the first batch for a total of 18 minutes. They were delicious but slightly dry. I did the next batch for 16 minutes total. I think that a cooking time of 14-16 minutes would be to most people's taste, while still being cooked sufficiently. I added fresh parmasean cheese to my breading. My husband loves pork chops.  Me not so much.  So I'm always trying new recipes to find one that makes me love pork chops too.  This is it.  Made it exactly per the recipe and it was amazing.  Flavorful, juicy porkchops and so easy.   We all loved it and now I can make my husband pork chops all the time. Yum! Easy to make son of a snickerdoodle for cleaning! Great tasting and very quick and easy! These turned out superb. I didn’t have croutons so I used panko and Parmesan cheese.  Not dry at all.  I did have to cook them about 5 minutes longer
