Marry Me Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275590/marry-me-chicken/
Gather ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Place chicken breasts on a flat work surface. Slice horizontally through the middle, being careful not to cut all the way through to the other side. Open the 2 sides and spread them out like an open book to butterfly. otdash Meredith Food Studio Melt butter in a large, oven-safe skillet over medium-high heat. Add garlic, oregano, thyme. Sauté until fragrant, about 30 seconds. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add chicken and cook until golden brown but not fully cooked, 3 to 4 minutes per side. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour 1/4 cup chicken broth into the skillet and bake in the preheated oven until chicken is no longer pink in the centers and juices run clear, about 15 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Meanwhile, place bacon in a large skillet and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain bacon slices on paper towels and let cool enough to handle, about 5 minutes; chop. otdash Meredith Food Studio At the same time, bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook angel hair pasta in the boiling water, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, 4 to 5 minutes. Drain and keep warm. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove skillet from the oven and transfer chicken to a plate, reserving juices in the skillet. Keep chicken warm and place skillet on the stovetop. otdash Meredith Food Studio Whisk flour into the skillet over medium heat. Add remaining chicken broth, Parmesan cheese, and whipping cream. Whisk until combined. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add sun-dried tomatoes, red pepper flakes, and salt. Add bacon and chicken back into the skillet. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve on top of hot cooked pasta. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Delicious. All I had was corkscrew pasta, so I used that. The ONLY thing I would change would be to double or even triple the sauce ingredients. We like a lot of sauce. Yes! It was great but I added two cups of sautéed mushrooms and double cream and cheese. Delish! I made it for a dinner party and it was a hit! This recipe took me over an hour to make.  Too many steps, not enough sauce and way too much pasta! The sauce was tasty but was barely enough for 2 breasts.I doubt I would make it again! Love it. I substituted ham for the bacon because I needed to use it and made a little extra sauce because I cooked three chicken breasts. It was the imported deli ham for sandwiches. I cut it in little bits and sautéed with the garlic and seasoning when I browned the chicken breasts. Then I spooned the ham bits out before putting in the oven. Then I added them back in when I made the sauce. It was delicious. I haven't made this yet, but giving it 5 stars anyway because with just a few minor changes I think the ingredients sound amazing. First of all, based on other reviews I will double or maybe even triple the sauce. I don't like thyme, so I will substitute basil which naturally goes together with oregano. I will sub half & half for the cream, as I always have it on hand. That's it. I am really looking forward to trying this! My second husband is Italian. He will love this. My son asked me to make this recipe a month or two ago. He absolutely loves it.  It’s easy and Ive tweaked it a bit more each time I make it.  Sometimes adding fresh spinach or broccoli.  I make his with potato gnocchi!! This is definitely going on the regular meal rotation. Loved by all ages. I adjusted a few things but just to make extra sauce
