Homemade Waffles
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275740/homemade-waffles/
Preheat a waffle iron according to the manufacturer's instructions. Whisk eggs in a large bowl until fluffy. Mix in milk, vegetable oil, and vanilla until combined. Combine flour, sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, baking powder, and salt in a separate bowl. Slowly pour flour mixture into egg mixture, stirring as you pour. Mix until few to no lumps remain, being careful not to overmix. Add more flour if the batter is too thin, or more milk if the batter is too sticky or thick. Ladle some of the batter onto the preheated waffle iron. Cook until the waffle is golden brown and the iron stops steaming, 2 to 5 minutes. Repeat to make the remaining waffles.
These are the most aromatic waffles I’ve made! The texture turned out great and I’m very pleased with them. I didn’t use too much seasoning, but I did use the vanilla extract. So good!!! Next time I plan to add some butter. It was good, but I will cut back on the nutmeg next time. I also cut back on the salt and it was still good. Changed to 1 Tsp. Vanilla. No nutmeg. 1 tsp cinnamon. Used coconut oil instead of vegetable oil. 1 tsp salt. This turned out amazing. My husband, daughter and grandson devoured all of it and wanted more. Thank you Awesome! Kids loved it. Very fall-like I love it! instead of putting nutmeg and cinnamin I put in rum extract. It may sound weird but it was wonderful!!! It is so thin that it doesn’t cook I had to add so much extra flour to make it cook Meh. I made a half recipe. Easy enough to divide. Turned out heavy. Probably going to find another recipe. To much spices! I cut it back and it was still to much! Would not make it again! These are the most aromatic waffles I’ve made! The texture turned out great and I’m very pleased with them. I didn’t use too much seasoning, but I did use the vanilla extract. So good!!! Next time I plan to add some butter. I made this recipe exactly as listed and they cooked appropriately, but the vanilla, nutmeg, and cinnamon all are most likely more than they are supposed to be. The waffles were way too fragrant and overpowering. I think the spices would be good, but the amounts might have gotten transcribed incorrectly. My waffles were much darker than the picture which was due to such a high amount of Vanilla, nutmeg, and cinnamon, which makes me think the tablespoons maybe should have been teaspoons.
