Apple Cider Streusel Muffins
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275895/apple-cider-streusel-muffins/
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Grease the bottoms of 12 muffin cups or line with paper liners. Combine flour, white sugar, baking powder, cinnamon, nutmeg, and salt in a medium bowl; mix well. Combine apple cider, vegetable oil, and egg in another bowl; blend well. Add flour mixture all at once and stir just until moistened; batter will be lumpy. Stir in apples. Combine brown sugar, oats, pecans, and flour in a medium bowl for topping; mix well. Mix in melted butter until all ingredients are moistened and clumpy. Spoon batter into the prepared muffin cups, filling each 2/3 full. Top each with a generous amount of streusel topping. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center of a muffin comes out clean, 18 to 22 minutes. Let cool for 1 minute before removing from the pan. Serve warm.
I made the muffins exactly as written. They were quite good, but I cannot get over the vinegar taste. Maybe Instead of 3/4 cup of apple cider vinegar, the recipe should read 1/4 cup. Just food for thought! I made the muffins exactly as written. They were quite good, but I cannot get over the vinegar taste. Maybe Instead of 3/4 cup of apple cider vinegar, the recipe should read 1/4 cup. Just food for thought! I reduced the apple cider from 1.25 cups to 3/4 cup on stove top.  Also added a little more salt, 1 t.   Seemed to give them more flavor Made exactly as recipe indicated..not much flavor..even added more apples ..it was just ok.. These muffins were great. I used one cup of white whole wheat flour and one cup of regular. I added more apples, maybe ½ c. more. I did not make the streusel. I sprinkled brown sugar and the pecans on top. Next time I may just use my usual cinnamon sugar on top with the pecans. I made exactly as written. Great flavor but even when baked for 22 minutes they seemed a little too "wet" so next time I make them I'm going to drop the cider amount by 2 T. to see if that helps and I'm going to up the cinnamon by 1/2 tsp. just because I love that apple pie spice flavor these had but could use some more.  Love that they puffed up to a nice cap over the muffin liner and that the batter and topping was the correct amount for the 12 muffins. Really nice flavor and the apples were a nice addition. I left out the nuts in the topping because I didn't have any, great without but I'm sure it would add a nice crunch and flavor with them.  Be sure to chop them small - almost to a mince. I used a Gala apple.
