Pork Tenderloin with Apples and Onions
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275977/pork-tenderloin-with-apples-and-onions/
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Trim silver skin from pork tenderloins; pat dry using paper towels. Rub 2 teaspoons vegetable oil over tenderloins, then rub with sea salt. Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large, oven-proof skillet over medium heat until it shimmers. Cook tenderloins in hot oil, rotating to brown all sides, about 10 minutes. Transfer pork to a large plate. Add remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil to any drippings in the skillet. Cook apples and onions in hot oil, stirring occasionally, until onions turn translucent, about 5 minutes; add more oil if the skillet gets dry. Season with 1 teaspoon thyme and black pepper; stir gently to combine. Remove from heat. Use a pastry brush to spread Dijon mustard evenly over tenderloins. Sprinkle with remaining 2 teaspoons thyme. Nestle tenderloins into the skillet with apple mixture. Roast, uncovered, in the preheated oven until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of tenderloins reads at least 145 degrees F (63 degrees C), about 15 minutes. Remove the skillet from the oven and transfer pork to a large platter. Cover with aluminum foil and let rest. Meanwhile, pour chicken stock into a saucepan and cook over medium-high heat until reduced by half, 8 to 10 minutes. Pour into the skillet with apple mixture. Cook over medium-high heat until boiling, about 5 minutes; stir in butter until melted. Slice pork and serve over apple mixture.
I made this tonight and it was amazing. I used dried thyme instead of fresh, honeycrisp apples that I had on hand Instead of granny smith apples, and I added a splash or two of balsamic vinegar to the apples and onions just before adding the butter. I also left the skins on the apples instead of peeling them. My husband demanded that it be added to our regular rotation. Oh my goodness!!! So delicious! I made some changes because of the items I had on hand. I didn’t have Dijon mustard, so I googled a substitute—yellow mustard mixed with mayonnaise. I dissolved a chicken bouillon cube in water because I had no stock. And I used yellow delicious apples and regular yellow onion.  I think next time I’ll use more apples. I also used dried thyme. I used a meat thermometer to 145 degrees, but when I sliced the pork it was very pink. I’m not serving pink pork. So I put the slices back in the skillet with the onion and apples til it was cooked through. It was still very tender and tasty. I think it actually absorbed  more flavor that way. Definitely making this again. Followed the recipe. And we loved it. Took a few apples and put brown sugar on top as a snack Take out the onions and then it would taste great I made half the recipe for two of us. I thought that it could have used more sauce, but my wife thought the amount of sauce (1/2) was good so I'll stick with halving the sauce next time. I used a garlic and herb marinated tenderloin that I had and it was very juicy. The mustard topping was flavorful and complemented the onion and apple sauce. I roasted it at 400 vs 425 and it still only took about 15 minutes to roast. Everyone loved this! My son is picky with pork and he had thirds! I did everything according to the recipe except I swapped the onions for leeks. I will absolutely make this again! This was really good. Nice change of pace from the regular breaded pork tenderloin I usually make.I did this in a regular skillet and just transfered it over to a glass dish in the oven.I think this recipe and the topping would also be excellent on pork chops. I normally HATE pork tenderloin. This recipe was soooo unbelievably good that I kept going back for seconds and thirds! 5++++ stars!The only thing that was confusing was it saying 2 (1 1/2lbs) tenderloins. Does that mean 3lbs? Or does that mean that the 2 tenderloins in the package (which I couldn't see that there were 2 in there till I opened it) equals to 1.5lbs.Anyway, I get it with 1 tenderloin package (2 loins inside) to a total weight of 1.5. DELICIOUS! Fantastic made no changes will be part of or regular meals Tastes great. Instructions were a bit unclear at times but that's probably my own reading comprehension problem. Will be making this again.
