Air Fryer Lobster Tails with Lemon-Garlic Butter
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276006/air-fryer-lobster-tails-with-lemon-garlic-butter/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat an air fryer to 380 degrees F (195 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Butterfly lobster tails by cutting lengthwise through the centers of the hard top shells and meat with kitchen shears. Cut to, but not through, the bottoms of the shells. otdash Meredith Food Studio Spread tail halves apart. Place tails in the air fryer basket with lobster meat facing up. otdash Meredith Food Studio Melt butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add lemon zest and garlic; heat until garlic is fragrant, about 30 seconds. otdash Meredith Food Studio Transfer 2 tablespoons of butter mixture to a small bowl; brush this onto lobster tails. Discard any remaining brushed butter to avoid contamination from uncooked lobster. Season lobster with salt and pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook in the preheated air fryer until lobster meat is opaque, 5 to 7 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Spoon reserved butter from the saucepan over lobster meat. Top with parsley and serve with lemon wedges. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I've made this several times. Oddly the recipe photo doesn't match the described process. The photo isn't showing the tails to be "butterflied", just split.For my experience butterflying the tails makes it a challenge to get the meat to leave the bottom shell.My suggestion is to split the hard upper shell then pull the meat out, close the shells and let the meat rest on top of the hard top shells.Follow the recipe from there, it's tasty and easier to eat. Easy, quick, simple It was great. I used Tony’s Cajun seasoning and old bay instead of salt and pepper. It’s was really good! But needed more salt and so did the lobster. But it turned out awesome either way! My first time ever cooking lobster and it turned out amazing. I had small tails an 5 minutes was long enough; food continues to cook when it comes out of the air fry or oven. Consider shortening the time  minute or two to allow for this. wonderful!!!! For any fairly experienced Lobster Chef, this is so simple and so delicious. Anyone can do it, just cut the shell in the manner explained. Mine came out perfect! Made it according to instructions. Didn’t do any sides, just in case.Planing on another trip to the store to get some more tails. So excited that I forgot to take some pictures. Next time.This recipe is a keeper.Thank you very much.
