Chicken and Apple Stuffing Casserole
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276431/chicken-and-apple-stuffing-casserole/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Whisk together half-and-half, egg, and sage in a bowl. Melt butter in a 12-inch nonstick, oven-proof skillet over medium heat. Add onion, celery, salt, and pepper and cook, stirring frequently, until onion begins to soften, about 4 minutes. Pour in chicken broth and then stir in stuffing mix. Add chopped apples, dried cherries, and 1/4 cup chopped pecans, then remove from heat. Stir in half-and-half mixture and gently even out the contents of the skillet. Season chicken cutlets with paprika, rosemary, salt, and pepper. Place on top of the stuffing mixture and press down into the skillet contents until the tops of the chicken are even with the other ingredients. Sprinkle the remaining 1/4 cup chopped pecans over the top and lightly spray chicken with cooking spray. Place skillet in the preheated oven and bake until chicken juices run clear, about 30 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Serve warm.
Milk instead of half and half and a box of chicken stuffing work fine. 2 Grammy smith apples and dried cranberries instead of dried cherries. We loved this dinner. I used a 12" cast iron skillet, which gave it some crispy edges. I used dried cranberries instead of cherries and baked the stuffing and served with rotisserie chicken. The juices from the rotisserie chicken were drizzled on the stuffing.I made some chicken gravy as well, it was like Thanksgiving in a bowl. Hubby was VERY happy. Bibi, we really enjoyed this recipe. I made no changes except to halve it for the two of us. I brined the chicken tenders in salted sugar water and herbs and seasonings. Very juicy and tender Paired with air fryer Brussel sprouts topped with Cheddar cheese and bacon, made for a perfect Fall dinner! To be seen at Chez Myers again for certain!Thank you for another winning recipe, my friend! Very tasty! Thank you.  Made no changes. I didn’t have dried cherries so I used dried cranberries it tasted good lots of flavor I made a few small changes to serve 10.  Along with increasing the dressing I used leg 1/4's with the skin on sprinkling a small amount of  a multi seasoning and cooked them alone for 20 minuets for browning and finish in the dressing.  The recipe produced the balance I was looking for in a chicken and fruit dressing main course Milk instead of half and half and a box of chicken stuffing work fine.  2 Grammy smith apples and dried cranberries instead of dried cherries. Very good, but be careful not too use too muck chicken or there won’t be a good balance with the rest of the ingredients. About 1.5 lbs (about 680 grams) is plenty. Excellent.  My family loved it. This is a GREAT delicious recipe!!  The only changes I made was that I used milk instead of half-n-half and homemade poultry seasoning on the chicken instead of the paprika and rosemary.   Thank you Bibi for sharing your recipe!!
