Easy Slow Cooker Swedish Meatballs
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276506/easy-slow-cooker-swedish-meatballs/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Whisk together beef broth and condensed soup in a slow cooker. Add steak sauce, Worcestershire sauce, garlic powder, paprika, salt, and pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in meatballs and onion. Cook on High for 4 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in sour cream. Continue cooking until sauce is heated through, about 30 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
Pretty good! Not sure it really needs to be on high for 4 hours since the meatballs were already cooked. I lowered it to low for the last hour. The sauce was kinda thin so I added 1/4 tsp of cornstarch in the last 30 minutes. I would hold off on adding the salt next time since there’s already salt in a lot of the other ingredients. Just salt to taste at the end. This is a very easy and delicious way to feed a crowd. I made it with the following changes; the results were outstanding:1. I doubled the recipe and used turkey meatballs, as a few in my family try to avoid red meat. I don't think it detracted much as the sauce is already very beefy.2. I increased the onions by 50% (after doubling) and carmelized them beforehand. I then used a little red wine to deglaze the pan. This probably didn't add much more than a little more complexity.3. As another reviewer suggested, I added a tablespoon of cornstarch to thicken the sauce in the last 30 minutes of cooking.4. I skipped adding salt as the condensed soup, Worcestershire, and steak sauce are already loaded.We served the meatballs over bow-tie pasta; they were loved by my entire family. Easy and delicious! Omitted salt, sautéed onion along with two cups fresh sliced mushrooms. Cooked on high 2 1/2 hours and served over TJ’s Pappardelle pasta. I used one 14 and 1/2 oz can of beef broth. At the end before I added the sour cream I sprinkled in two teaspoons of cornstarch to thicken it up a bit and then added the sour cream. Delicious over either mashed potatoes or rice. Was great!  I used cream of chicken instead of cream of mushroom.  I used 1 tsp soy sauce for the steak sauce.  I thickened the sauce up with flour. even my picky eater liked it!  win all over! So so good!!! ok but sauce was too runny This turned out great I used powdered onions in lieu of real onions Perfect for an office pot-luck. I made a double batch and it disappeared in no time at all! The family loves it, too.
