Instant Pot Loaded Baked Potato Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276654/instant-pot-loaded-baked-potato-soup/
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot) and select Sauté function. Add onion, bacon, and butter to the hot pot and sauté until bacon is crispy, 5 to 8 minutes. Turn off Sauté function and transfer contents to a small bowl. Add potatoes, water, and garlic base to pot and close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 12 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 15 minutes. Release remaining pressure carefully using the quick-release method, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Mash potatoes against the side of the pot, leaving some chunks if desired. Add onion-bacon mixture and half-and-half; stir to combine. Ladle into soup bowls and top with green onions, Cheddar cheese, and black pepper.
I got the link to this in my email today, and decided to try it for dinner tonight. I used Hormel Crumbled Bacon, since I keep that in the freezer, and just sautéed it up with the onion and butter. The recipe was easy and turned out great! I decided to add some cheese to it, as well as having it as a garnish, plus I added a little more salt. I mashed half of the potatoes, and that was perfect. My husband said the recipe was a keeper, and he’s a foodie, so that’s a big compliment! It’s definitely going in my recipe rotation. :) I had to double the half and half The recipe was excellent. After it was cooked I kind of panicked that there wouldn’t be enough to feed the family, so what I did was added chicken broth, and a bag of the instant baby red mashed potatoes. And it was fabulous. They gave it a better consistency too. Just kind of thickened up perfectly.  I did double the bacon to start the recipe and it took a lot longer to cook the bacon and onions than expected, which gave the soup a browner coloring but the family loved it and said that it was the best potato soup they’ve ever had. It was very filling, and super yummy!  I will probably use less onions next time, and more half and half.  It had the consistency of loaded mashed potatoes, but was still delicious!  I will also double the recipe.  There are four of us and there was only enough for one bowl each.  Still, all in all it’s yummy! I loved the ease of prep, which not all Instant Pot recipes have.  I did not have any garlic base so I used the equivalent amount in minced garlic, which provided a lovely garlic background without being overwhelming.  My recommendation would be not to use such thick bacon next time because it just can't get crunchy enough.  Just increase the amount of thinner bacon to 6-8 slices (even more if you're a bacon freak!) and you can fry it until it's very crispy.  I made it again using fully cooked bacon that I microwaved for more than a minute with a paper towel on top, which worked fine.  I know some purists would disagree with my suggestion that you can also used the fully cooked bacon pieces sold in bags- but they were great!  Notice how many times I've had an excuse to make this by constantly changing the type of bacon!  ;-)  I used heavy cream in one version because we love the thick texture but half and half is a great addition if you want a few less calories.  I think the biggest thing is to keep experimenting with what spices you want because it is very bland without them.  I ended up using a blend called "Farm Dust" but I don't know if it is sold outside of PA.  Some white pepper with a seasoned salt would probably be sufficient.  I added a little sugar to my last batch and it provided a smoother taste.  No matter what you choose, you're going to like this a LOT! The bacon didn't get crispy but it still turned out excellent. Cold night here in New York so I wanted to give this recipe a try. This soup was amazing. I did double up the bacon, onions and butter though because we are lovers of bacon and onions. You might say our soup was really loaded!!! Lol. So delicious and filling. A keeper recipe for sure. Good
