Instant Pot Chicken and Dumplings
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276647/instant-pot-chicken-and-dumplings/
Pour olive oil into a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as an Instant Pot) and select the Sauté function. Cook and stir onion, carrot, celery, and bay leaf until vegetables are soft and onion has turned translucent, about 5 minutes. Add chicken broth, thighs, breasts, salt, thyme, marjoram, and black pepper. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set the timer for 9 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Carefully use tongs to remove chicken pieces to a large bowl to cool slightly; discard bay leaf. While chicken is cooling, mash butter with flour in a small bowl to make a smooth paste; set aside. Make dumplings: Combine flour, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl. Cut in cold butter with 2 knives or a pastry blender until mixture resembles the texture of cornmeal. Stir in parsley and set aside. Shred cooled chicken and return to the pot. Taste broth and season with salt and pepper if needed. Add peas and green beans. Stir in flour-butter paste until incorporated. Select Sauté function and bring broth to a boil. Pour buttermilk into dumpling mixture and stir until combined. Drop dough by heaping spoonfuls over the top of stew. Close the lid, leaving the steam vent open. Select Slow Cooker function and simmer on Low, covered, until a skewer inserted into the center of a dumpling comes out clean, 10 to 12 minutes. oughgirl
I made this again for dinner last night—perfect comfort food for wintry weather. The vegetables don't need to be finely diced; I just do a rough chop, since the pressure cooker ensures they'll be tender. I also added chunks of potatoes because I had a couple to use up. The flour-butter paste at the end is to thicken the broth and to add richness. Oh, and if you don't have buttermilk, regular milk is fine for the dumplings. I made this last batch using my stovetop pressure cooker, which is big enough for a 1.5x amount of dumplings. For the bigger batch, I just added more flour and buttermilk but kept the salt, baking powder, and butter amounts the same. I will be making this dish the old fashioned way.  Slow cooking on the stove. Mighty fine recipe! I had 3 c of homemade ham broth, so used that + 1c chick. Partially cooked and then shredded a whole frozen chicken in instapot before hand. Very flexible recipe. Great tips on cooking the dumplings. I dislike green beans and peas (yes, I’m an adult) so subbed corn. Made it a bit sweet but it was yummy. Used our fresh garden pole beans. Used all thighs, organic broth. Super tasty and delicious. A nice well rounded recipe. I like that I can taste all of the flavors. Followed the directions as written. Will make again. Thx Family loved it Looooove the flavor. I use this recipe as the basis of many aligned meals . Tweek the seasoning to alter it based on the food region. For example, switch out dumplings for various types of rice rice and you can shift from an american staple to Asian or even mexican with a different seasoning palette. An all-time fave! Excellent recipe.My changes: didn't use instant pot. Used recipe for the spices and vegetables.Boiled whole chicken with all the spices and chicken boulian. Sautéed all vegetables in separate pot.Shredded chicken and added vegetables with 4 cups broth from boiled chicken. Then added 1 cup cream and 1.5 cup half and half. Let simmer until dumplings were done; about 20 minutes. Then served. Absolutely wonderful!! It was so good and filling!
