Grandma's Chicken and Dumplings
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276667/grandmas-chicken-and-dumplings/
Mix flour and shortening together in a bowl until it resembles cornmeal. Slightly whisk milk and egg together in a separate bowl. Add to flour mixture and stir to form a ball of dough. Place onto a floured surface; knead and roll as thin as possible using a floured rolling pin. Let dough stand for 2 hours. Place chicken into a large pot and add water until just covered. Bring to a boil over high heat, then continue to boil until no longer pink in the center and meat falls off of the bone, about 1 hour. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh, near the bone, should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Remove chicken from the pot. Pull meat from bones. Strain broth and return to the pot. Add 2 cups water and bouillon cubes. Add shredded chicken, celery, carrots, and onion. Bring to a boil; continue to boil for 15 minutes. Meanwhile, cut dough into strips, approximately 1-inch wide. Tear strips and drop into boiling broth. Continue to boil until dumplings are cooked through, about 10 more minutes. Season with salt and pepper and serve.
Excellent —I’ll be making this again. Recommend you have extra broth on hand as the dumplings needed it. While the base recipe is a good start, there is no liquid amount of than 2 c. water after the chicken boils. There is already a reserve in the pot so how much you have in cups depends on the pot I am guessing.I used to help my Grandmother make this and loved it growing up! Apparently there are several ways to make dumplings but I was taught southern cooking and as the recipe here calls for strips, I tried it to see how good it was and how close to my Grandmothers.I did use the milk and egg, though I remember using crisco and flour alone, my Grandmother added her seasoning to the dumplings, as did I.Once you have the meat torn apart and off the bone, placing the skin and fat on the side. Continue with  putting the veggies, spices and chicken back in the pot and bring to a boil.The dumplings I sliced into strips and cut the length I liked. Adding them to the pot, stirring occasionally they puffed up rather well! Dumplings do take more than 10 minutes. These puffed up quite a bit so I allowed 25 min. to make sure they were cooked completely.I also added fresh green beans with the carrots and celery with a small onion. The stock thickens up as the dumplings cook so do stir to prevent any sticking.The flavor is excellent and as it states to strain the broth after boiling the chicken, I scooped out the fat pieces but did not strain or remove the fat floating from the chicken.I added taragon myself as I don't care for poultry seasoning, salt and pepper.The reason I gave it 4 stars, is the amount of liquid in the pot will vary. The milk and egg added to make the dumplings puff, is up to the cook as I was taught flour, crisco and few drops of water and roll it out thin.Tastes wonderful, a true home cooked comfort food! Excellent —I’ll be making this again. Recommend you have extra broth on hand as the dumplings needed it. This is my go-to recipe.  The same recipe from back in the 50's.  I also add a pinch of mace or cardamom and a teaspoon of parsley flakes to the dumplings. This is a great starting place - I added garlic and parsley - and a lot of salt! Only added one bouillon cube. The dumplings were good - I didn't add the egg to the dumpling batter but they still came out well.  I'll try adding the egg next time. I used leftover chicken breast and homemade stock as that is what I had on hand.  Premade my dough the night before and rolled it out while everything else was cooking.  I don't know if I rolled my dough too thick, but it was tearing in the end, so I figured it was thin enough.  My dumplings took almost 20 minutes to cook.  Family liked it so that is a good thing.  Bear in mind, I've NEVER made dumplings before, so this very well could be this cooks error.  I read online that normally dumplings take 20-25 minutes to cook.  Tasty though.
