Chicken and Dumplings with Bisquick
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276664/chicken-and-dumplings-with-bisquick/
Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook chicken thighs in the hot butter until no longer pink in the centers, 5 to 7 minutes per side. Remove chicken and let cool, about 5 minutes. Shred or cut into small pieces and set aside. Place bacon in a medium skillet and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain bacon slices on paper towels, reserving 1 tablespoon bacon grease in the skillet. Let bacon cool slightly, about 5 minutes; crumble and set aside. Scrape chicken drippings from the skillet into a stockpot or Dutch oven. Cook potatoes, carrots, celery, red onion, and garlic in the pot over medium heat until onion is soft and transparent, about 5 minutes. Stir in chicken, reserved bacon grease, broth, milk, mushroom soup, corn, paprika, salt, and pepper. Reduce heat and let stew simmer for 20 minutes. Mix baking mix and milk for dumplings together to form a sticky dough. Drop by spoonfuls into stew. Cook, uncovered, for 10 minutes. Cover and continue to cook until dumplings are set, about 10 minutes more. Serve stew with a garnish of crumbled bacon.
The only things I changed were to use rotisserie chicken and a bag of mixed veggies instead of chopping up carrots and adding other frozen vegetables. It was delicious! My husband loved it so of course I will make it again!!! This was a different chicken and dumplings recipe than the way I've made it before.  It was really creamy, and the gravy was nice and thick.  I actually enjoyed the smaller chicken pieces instead of the whole piece.  I didn't have any bacon or smoked paprika, so I used a can of Campbell's Cream of Bacon soup instead of the mushroom and it added a nice smokiness.  I also made 1.5 times the dumplings because I love dumplings.  Very good! Very good.  It was surprisingly easy to make.  Family loved it. The only things I changed were to use rotisserie chicken and a bag of mixed veggies instead of chopping up carrots and adding other frozen vegetables. It was delicious! It is perfect for a mid winter dinner party.  However, when you double the recipe, it says 2 cups of milk.  In step three of the instructions, it only tells you to use one cup of milk.  No where does it tell you what to do with the second cup of milk.  To be conservative, I only added one cup.  You need two cups as the dumplings soak up a lot of the stew.I also used cream of chicken with herbs as my soup(s). Like other reviews state, this is more like chicken stew with dumplings.  Not bad. This recipe was amazing!! I love chicken and dumplings and my kids never had it! Everyone loved this recipe, we will definitely be making it again in the future!!! Was good. Different than what I’ve had before. To me, this seemed more like stew or chicken pie than traditional chicken & dumplings.  All leftovers were ate! IT WAS A HIT!! Turned out really good. Even our picky grandchildren loved it. I used cream of chicken soup  and left out the bacon. I will definitely be making this again.
