Miso-Braised Beef with King Mushrooms
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276690/miso-braised-beef-with-king-mushrooms/
Season beef with cayenne pepper, kosher salt, and pepper. Heat peanut oil in a pan over high heat. Add beef and brown for 3 minutes on each side. Turn off the heat and transfer beef to a plate. Let the pan cool slightly, 1 to 2 minutes. Add butter and melt butter in the residual heat. Turn the heat to medium and add mushrooms, cut-sides down. Cook until mushrooms are light brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Flip and continue to cook until golden, 2 to 3 minutes more. Add onion and season with salt; cook onion until slightly golden, 3 to 4 minutes. Pour sake into the pan and bring to a boil while scraping the browned bits of food off the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Stir in chicken broth, miso, maple syrup, and ketchup, and bring to a simmer. Add browned beef, mushrooms, and any accumulated mushroom juices. Reduce the heat to low or medium-low, cover, and simmer until meat is fork-tender, 2 to 3 hours, turning beef halfway through cooking time. Stir in green onions, chile pepper, and vinegar. Cover and cook for 5 minutes more. Taste and adjust seasonings.
Flavours were wonderful and beef very tender. I braised it a bit longer as I like it very tender, and I reduced the liquid at the end as I wasn't putting it over anything. Be careful with the amount of red chile peppers you add. I stumbled across this because I had to king oyster mushrooms I need to use up and a 4lb chuck roast, which I cut into "country style ribs" like these are. I did make some substitutions based on what I had on hand. I had red miso and dry sherry. I had Shaoxing wine but it was salty enough so I went with the sherry. I doubled everything except the miso. That I used 1.5.  Again... worried it would be too salty.  We have a household member who can't have dairy so I used butter flavored coconut oil. I didn't have maple syrup so I used truffle infused honey.  And then lastly, I added a ton of quartered garlic and I tripled the chilies and green onion.It was fantastic. Served over dairy free mashed potatoes (made with oat milk and more butter flavored coconut oil... you can't tell the difference). And a side of sauteed green beans. Love this recipe. I followed it to the T except for using some very large white mushrooms cut into 3/4" slices (my store didn't have Trumpet mushrooms). The discreet sweet and savory tones were definitely noticeable. I'll be making this again soon. Five stars all the way!  I added a couple of tablespoons of Worcestershire sauce, but that was the only change l made.  It turned out so "melt in your mouth tender", nobody at the table even bothered to use their knives. Couldn't find King Trumpet Mushrooms, but made do with fresh white mushrooms. Great taste We love King mushrooms so were very excited to try this, and were not disappointed!  I used salt sparingly as I felt the vegetable broth we substituted and miso paste contained a lot.  We didn’t have sake so used chardonnay to deglaze. Our chuck roast took close to three hours to tenderize, so all together it took about 3.5 hours to complete.  We left off the peppers and green onions at the end and did not miss them.  Served with mashed potatoes.  The sauce has a fabulous rich flavor and we will definitely make this again. I wanted to try something new during the weeknight so I found this and decided to give it a try. I did not have yellow miso I instead used red since it gave it a deeper rich flavor, I also substituted the chicken stock with rehydrated shiitake mushroom water and it brought the dish together. A tip is to have your pan on high, bring your meat out thirty minutes before cooking so the splatter of the meat on the oil won't be so high, also 3-4 minutes per side and use a cast iron skillet. Excellent recipe! can't wait to make it again! I've made this one a couple times now, and it's a consistent hit! I love how easy it is to get impressive smelling, tasting, and looking results.While some of the harder-to-find ingredients may scare off prospective cooks, this recipe works fine with substitutions for things like the oil or mushrooms. In fact, and I hesitate to admit this because Chef John will never be my friend now, but I don't like maple syrup and used 'pancake' syrup. While the maply flavor probably adds something more, I don't find myself missing anything.You can cut or omit the spicy ingredients to taste, and I would advise going easy on the salt until you get to the end and are seasoning to taste, as miso is quite salty on its own. Mashed potatoes are my favorite side to pair it with as they soak up all that incredible braising liquid! Some sauteed greens would probably go great too. This is an excellent dish!!  We only changed the mushrooms to portobello because we couldn’t find the others and used red miso for a deeper richness. Flavours were wonderful and beef very tender. I braised it a bit longer as I like it very tender, and I reduced the liquid at the end as I wasn't putting it over anything. Be careful with the amount of red chile peppers you add.
