Dirty, Dirty Rice
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276821/dirty-dirty-rice/
Gather the ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat oil in a high-sided pan over medium-high heat. Add pork; cook and stir until well browned and fat is rendered, 5 to 7 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add onion, celery, and bell pepper; sauté until translucent, about 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in paprika, cumin, black pepper, cayenne, garlic powder, oregano, and thyme. Cook, stirring occasionally, as vegetables continue to soften, about 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Reduce the heat to medium and add andouille sausage; cook and stir to release some flavor, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in rice and chicken livers until well coated. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add broth and salt; bring to a simmer over medium-high heat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add bay leaf and Worcestershire sauce, cover tightly, and reduce the heat to medium-low. Cook, without stirring, until most of the liquid is absorbed and rice is starting to get tender, about 25 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add green onions and parsley; mix well. Cover and continue cooking over low to medium-low heat until rice is tender, about 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Taste for seasoning and discard bay leaf before serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Chef John!  I love most of your recipes but you have the most annoying sing song voice I’ve ever heard. Have you ever listened to yourself speak?  The last few words of each sentence are impossible to decipher as your voice drops off to less than a whisper. Please!  Listen to yourself This is the best dirty rice recipe I've ever tried, and believe me I've tried many over the years.  The spices in this recipe separates it from recipes on other websites.I make a vegetarian version of dirty rice using mushrooms as the meat substitute. I love this recipe!  I cooked it  the first time amd my familyloved it!, Finally got my daughter to eat  liver!  Very close to the rice we had in New Orleans. I tripled this recipe two times so I would have enough for our family get together, I added thin slices of thick-cut bacon, beef liver, diced pork, and diced spicy smoked sausages, I forgot the bay leaf, and I remembered everything else and made no more changes, and it turned out great, this one is a keeper, thank you so much, John. Worked out beautifully and by the numbers.  Delicious.Thanks Chef John! The recipe was perfect as is most recipes I tweak a little bit but this one was perfect as is. I found some awesome andouille from a local cajin meat market in town it had much more flavor than store bought andouille. Only thing I changed from the recipe was to pre season my pork the day before cooking with my " season all " witch is similar to cajin style seasoning... This was fantastic! I don't even like liver (although, oddly enough, I love Scrapple) But this was delicious and turned out perfectly. One of my favorite meals. So glad to have found this recipe. Delish!  I used about 12 oz chicken livers, 1 Andouille sausage and about 7 oz of smoked sausage, as I had no pork.   The spices are spot on, though the kids (7 and 4) thought it was too spicy.  I will definitely make this again.
