Baked Pork Chops with Cream of Mushroom Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277019/baked-pork-chops-with-cream-of-mushroom-soup/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Place onion slices on the bottom of a glass baking dish. Lay pork chops over onions. Cover chops evenly with condensed soup. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add water and bouillon, breaking up the bouillon cubes to spread flavor. Cover the baking dish with aluminum foil. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake pork chops in the preheated oven, stirring gravy once or twice, until no longer pink in the center, about 1 hour. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of a chop should read at least 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio
I pounded my chops prior to cooking. Great recipe. Be sure to add your seasonings because it was kind of bland. The chops were super moist and the cream sauce was also used for mashed potato gravy. I pan fried my pork loin chops in a skillet after basting them with paprika. I made my own mushroom soup in my Thermomix whilst steaming my spinach, half a red onion and chopped carrot (1). Put it all together in Corning Ware shallow casserole dish and baked for 45 mins. Cooked in skillet for 5 mins each side in butter. Mouthwatering esp due to homemade mushroom soup. Great base to start,  however I use mama’s creativity !!! I have made similar for years.  I use one can of chicken mushroom and one can of golden mushroom soup mix together ad one can of milk, then brown pork chops with salt and pepper and paprika.  Then put in slow cooker with chops, gravy  and with a 2 cans of golden hominy drained. And cook all day . Cook all day on low and with some green Beeans and or your favorite green veggie makes an amazing dinner. Yummy! So easy two thumbs up 👍 Keeper, I followed others advice and seasoned and seared the pork chops beforehand.  Will definitely make again Good base recipe.  I didn't use the beef bouillon.  I did dress it up with additional herbs & spices & a splash of Worcestershire Sauce. Great! Based on comments, added salt & pepper to chops. Also rosemary. Didn't have beef bouillion so used Better Than Bouillion Chicken with water instead. Added jarred mushrooms because I had them. topped with french fried onions. An hour was perfect, but my chops were thinner than I usually use, so perhaps that accounted for previous concerns about cooking time. Will make again!
