Creamy Shrimp Pasta Primavera
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277123/creamy-shrimp-pasta-primavera/
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook spaghetti in the boiling water, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 12 minutes. Drain. Meanwhile, heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add onions and cook until soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Stir in mushrooms and bell pepper; cook until bell pepper has softened and mushrooms are lightly browned, 3 to 5 minutes. Add shrimp, white wine, and oregano. Cook until shrimp are almost cooked through and turning pink, 3 to 5 minutes. Add cream and butter. Simmer, stirring constantly, for 8 minutes. Add cooked spaghetti, mix to combine, and turn off heat. If cream sauce is too thin, thicken with flour. Season with salt and pepper and sprinkle with Parmesan cheese and basil.
Looks and sounds wonderful! Will make it tonight. QUESTIONS: The recipe doesn't call for tomato and asparagus but is in the photo. Is this a variation of the recipe? How much of these? tasty This was a perfect recipe in all ways.I usually don’t rate recipes. But, both my husband and I think this is our”new” favorite shrimp recipe. It’s restaurant quality.Bravo! So easy and so delicious. Cut down on the indicated cooking time for the shrimp but pretty much by the recipe otherwise except I added some artichoke hearts because my wife loves them and I had them on hand. Gonna make it tonight with bay scallops. Yum! Yum!  I like how it’s easier on the Parmesan cheese and butter than other recipes.  It’s August, so I tossed  a sliced yellow squash and a handful of cherry tomatoes from the garden instead of mushrooms.  For sure this will be on my regular summer rotation! Looks and sounds wonderful! Will make it tonight. QUESTIONS: The recipe doesn't call for tomato and asparagus but is in the photo. Is this a variation of the recipe? How much of these? Terrific! Didn't have heavy cream so used half and half and cream cheese.  A+! very good Delicious!  I will make it again. Yummy!  Didn't change a thing!
