Southern Smothered Pork Chops in Brown Gravy
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277208/southern-smothered-pork-chops-in-brown-gravy/
Make gravy: Melt butter in a 3-quart saucepan over medium-low heat. Sauté onion and garlic in hot butter until onion is browned, 7 to 10 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to remove onion and garlic to a plate. Stir flour slowly into remaining butter in the pan. Cook and stir over low heat until flour is deep brown, 7 to 10 minutes. Remove from heat. Gradually stir in broth. Return sautéed onion and garlic to the pan. Stir in mushrooms and parsley. Bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Remove gravy from heat. Cook pork chops: Coat a large skillet with cooking spray and heat over medium-high heat. Season pork chops with salt and pepper. Cook in the hot skillet until browned, 5 to 7 minutes per side. Pour in gravy from the saucepan. Cover and cook over low heat until pork chops are tender and no longer pink in the centers, 30 to 40 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the centers should read 145 degrees F (63 degrees C).
The flavor was pretty good - a few more seasonings in the gravy would be better, but I appreciate the simplicity. I did have an issue with the execution of this recipe. After sauteing the onions and garlic, there is no butter left in the pan to whisk the flour into. You will definitely need to add more. I also think you should take advantage of the pan juices from the pork chops to make the gravy because...hey, more flavor! If I were to make this again, I'd saute the onions, garlic and mushrooms in a pan, then place them in a bowl. I'd then saute the pork chops in the same pan until browned on both sides, then remove to a plate. I'd then scrape up the browned bits in the pan, with a little added fat and the flour to make the roux, add in the broth to make the gravy, then add everything back into the pan and simmer. I added a little more butter before adding flour. Also, next time, I would flavor a little more and cook in same pan as pork chops. It was yummy, though! I start by browning my pork chops and removing to a plate. Then add onions to the skillet with salt, pepper, and garlic till softened. I Then add 2 tbsp unsalted butter and apf to coat and when the flour is browned off I add 1/2 c white wine to deglaze. When wine is reduced I add chicken stock and stir to create my crazy. Season to taste before adding chops back into the skillet. Allow to simmer, turning to cover both sides of my chops and simmer on low for 15 to 20 minutes depending on thickness of my chops to allow finish cooking.You should only need one skillet for this meal. Great flavor a family favorite. Lots of flavor however the cooking time is way too long as others have mentioned. I browned for 5 minutes per side and 15 minutes in the gravy and they were overcooked. Next time I'll try 10 minutes in the gravy. Loved the recipe!! How can you cook 3/4” pork chops 5 minutes on each side then cook for 30 minutes and have the internal temp be 145?  Can’t.  My chops were overcooked 185 degrees after 20 minutes. It turned out okay.  First of all I browned the pork chops then did the gravy. I don’t think that made the difference. It’s the timing that was off. I stuck to the 30 minutes of cooking which was too much. 20 minutes would have probably sufficed. I used my cast iron skillet but I failed to use my meat thermometer. My fault. It deserves a repeat
