Pumpkin Ginger Scones
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277469/pumpkin-ginger-scones/
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Mix flour, brown sugar, baking powder, baking soda, ginger, cinnamon, pumpkin pie spice, salt, and nutmeg together in a large bowl. Cut the butter into the flour mixture with a pastry blender or fork until mixture looks like coarse crumbs. Stir in raisins and pecans. Whisk pumpkin, buttermilk, and vanilla extract together in a separate bowl. Stir into the flour mixture with a wooden spoon, mixing just until dough comes together; do not overmix. Transfer to a lightly floured surface and knead gently, 4 to 5 times; dough will be sticky. Pat into a circle that is about 7 inches across, and about 1 1/2 inches thick. Cut in half, then cut each half into 4 triangular pie-shaped wedges. Place scones onto the prepared baking sheet. Whisk egg and milk together in a bowl. Brush the tops of the scones with egg wash. Sprinkle tops heavily with coarse sugar. Bake on the middle or top rack of the preheated oven until golden brown and a toothpick inserted into the middle of a scone comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Slide scones, still on parchment paper, onto a counter or wire rack to cool. While cooling, combine powdered sugar, milk, molasses, ginger, and cinnamon for the icing in a small saucepan. Heat over medium-high heat until it boils, about 5 minutes. Allow to cool partially, 3 to 5 minutes. Drizzle over scones; allow icing to harden before serving.
This is my favorite pumpkin recipe light and fluffy Easy to make.  I found the temperature of the oven too high.  I know ovens vary, but not by 50 degrees.  I had excellent results with the oven at 350F and just added 5 minutes.  (My first effort the bottoms of the scones burned a bit.). Also DO use parchment paper. These were amazing!! I will definitely make them again. I like additional pecans in these, more like 1/2 cup, and I skipped the raisins. These scones are so good that it's not even fair. Like, you really can't eat just one. It's virtually impossible. They are perfectly flaky and light with a hint of sweetness, and that pumpkin-spice flavor comes through wonderfully. I followed the recipe exactly (with the exception of the glaze) and I wouldn't change a thing. The only thing worthy of noting is that you will get a better flake with any scone if you use really cold butter--and that's what I did, and recommend doing, for this recipe as well. The dough is a touch sticky to work with, but not unmanageable--so keep your work surface lightly floured while kneading it. As for the glaze, I ended up adding an additional tbsp of molasses and used half & half in place of milk (and I ended up using about 3 tbsps total of that). I also upped the cinnamon, added a pinch of salt, and added a 1/2 tsp of vanilla. Let that all come to a boil, then cooled as directed. I really enjoy the spicy-molasses-y flavor the glaze provides--and it pairs perfectly with the pumpkin flavored scones. I will definitely be making these again in the future! Thank you so much for the recipe!
