Frozen Pork Chops in the Instant Pot
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277522/frozen-pork-chops-in-the-instant-pot/
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot) and select Sauté function. Add butter once the pot is hot. Add onion and stir frequently until soft and fragrant, about 5 minutes. Add garlic base and pour in water. Stir to combine. Mix all-purpose seasoning and shallot salt together in a bowl and sprinkle on both sides of the pork chops. Nestle pork chops on top of the onion. Hit Cancel. Seal and lock the lid into place. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 13 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions for 12 minutes. Release remaining pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Remove pork chops to a plate. Hit Cancel and switch to Sauté function. Add mushrooms and stir. Whisk whipping cream, flour, and browning sauce together in a measuring cup. Add mixture to the pot. Allow to thicken slightly, about 3 minutes. Ladle mushroom gravy on top of pork chops. Serve immediately.
A reminder this is for frozen pork chops. If you started from refrigerated pork chops this may be your mistake. I had to put the instant pot back on for another 7 minutes. the chops were not done with the stated time.  However, the frozen chops I used were not separate.  I had frozen them all together.  the taste when all was done was wonderful.  My grown son scooped up as much of the gravy as he could.  I served w fried brussel sprouts and mashed potatoes.  It was a hit. Very tasty, and the gravy is very good on garlic mashers. My husband RAVES about every meal that miraculously comes out of the instant pot- he will add this one to his list.  It was 4:30 pm and I had forgotten about dinner, frozen pork chop recipe to the rescue. It was awesome, I used seasoning on hand- garlic salt, pepper, little bit of steak seasoning and granulated garlic. I must have had a little too much broth, so to get my gravy thickened up I added a bit of corn starch at the last few minutes. Pork chops were tender and gravy was perfect over mashed potatoes with broiled artichokes and green beans. Making anything from frozen is awesome, and the utilization of the broth for gravy was incredible! I made this exactly as instructed only changing the spices to what I had on hand.  The gravy was amazing but my pork chops were too tough. I weighed them and was only off about an ounce. So if anyone can tell me why the chops were tough I will come back and rate this higher. All I had was garlic plus spice mix and it turned out nice. I also added cooked rice to the sauce mixture. It’s a new favourite for me. Thanks for sharing this recipe! A reminder this is for frozen pork chops. If you started from refrigerated pork chops this may be your mistake.
