Instant Pot Filipino Chicken Adobo
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277700/instant-pot-filipino-chicken-adobo/
Whisk together vinegar, soy sauce, garlic, olive oil, brown sugar, and crushed peppercorns in a medium bowl until sugar is dissolved. Stir in bay leaves. Line the bottom of a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot) with onion slices. Place chicken thighs over onion and pour vinegar mixture over the top. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set the timer for 10 minutes. Allow 10 minutes for pressure to build. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil. Release pressure using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Using tongs, transfer chicken thighs to the prepared baking sheet, skin-side up. Select Sauté function and cook until sauce thickens, 3 to 5 minutes. Set an oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler to high. Cook chicken under the preheated broiler until skin is crispy, 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer chicken to a serving plate and spoon sauce over the top. Garnish with scallions.
Loved it! My husband is Filipino and had 2 servings. I cooked on high pressure for 10 minutes and quick released pressure which took less than 5 minutes. I didn’t have thighs, so I used large chicken breasts and cut into thirds. I didn’t have peppercorns, and used 3/4 tsp ground pepper. Next time I’ll use 1/2 tsp. I also doubled the garlic because Filipino’s love garlic. Definitely will make again. Awesome recipe, easy and delicious! Always good.From the Shawn's Best Cooking I used boneless instead of bone in I’ve made adobo the traditional way (recipe from some Filipino Carmelite nuns at our parish). Sorry, Sr. Stella, this is great! I think the best feature is crisping the skin under the broiler.  I modified the recipe a bit. Extra 1/4 cup of liquid to ensure against a burn warning (maybe being overly cautious, burn notices are annoying) and I used a teaspoon of cornstarch to thicken the sauce at the end. If you want a delicious adobo done quickly this recipe is a keeper! A bit too tangy but good and easy. I added extra brown sugar to taste. This recipe is poorly written and unclear in parts.  Flavor pretty good.  I guess it’s just frustrating to try and read a recipe that has question marks. My husband served his mission in the Philippines and really liked it Easy and so delicious Really enjoy this recipe, I've made it several times now and it's always popular.Most of the recipes on this website I end up making some minor adjustments in seasoning or cook time, this is one of the few recipes that I can follow to the letter, and it's perfect every time. It's quick, it's cheap, (assuming you have an instant pot) and well balanced. Absolutely recommend. This recipe is easy and delicious. Next time I'll season the chicken before I cooked it because it was a little blend. The sauce was really good.  I used boneless chicken thighs.
