Bourbon Bread Pudding
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277715/bourbon-bread-pudding/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Heat milk and 1/2 cup butter in a saucepan over medium heat until butter is completely melted, 3 to 5 minutes. Mix sugar, eggs, cinnamon, and salt together in a large mixing bowl with a whisk until well blended. Stir in milk mixture. Stir in bread cubes, raisins, and hazelnuts. Let sit for 5 minutes. Pour into an ungreased 9x13-inch baking dish. Bake, uncovered, until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 40 to 45 minutes. While pudding is baking, heat brown sugar, 1 cup butter, and bourbon whiskey in a pot over medium heat, stirring constantly, until boiling and sugar is dissolved, about 5 minutes. Set aside. Pour sauce over bread pudding when done.
I've been making bread pudding for years. This is the best yet . I leave out the nuts, they do nothing for it . I cube my bread the day before and leave it in a shallow pan to dry out a little . You can also place the pan of bread in a 300 degree oven jut before mixing it . We have an overly sweet (non-drinkable) Texas pecan bourbon for which I was looking for recipes. This was perfect. I also cut out the nuts, but upped the raisins a bit. I saw one comment about the sauce being too much, but I found it perfect and helped soften some of the crispier bread pieces that stuck out of the milk mixture. I actually made this for several Christmas parties and I always get asked to make it again the following year.Soooo, I decided to make 2 pans of it for a live charity auction and it sold for $180 and the other one went for $150.As mentioned by others I cube the bread the day before and let it sit out overnight. I add 1 tablespoon vanilla and I also leave out the nuts.  Plus I use a premium bourbon.Make this, you will be a superstar of the potluck This recipe worked out well.  Everybody who had some, loved it enough to ask about the recipe.  I didn't have hazelnuts so I substituted fresh walnuts. I've been making bread pudding for years. This is the best yet . I leave out the nuts, they do nothing for it . I cube my bread the day before and leave it in a shallow pan to dry out a little . You can also place the pan of bread in a 300 degree oven jut before mixing it . Delicious! The sauce part makes a bit too much, so I cut that down a bit for next time. Otherwise, great recipe! No changesAbsolutely deliisious I halved the recipe to try it. I really liked it. The sauce seemed like it was too much. May have to adjust to taste.
