Instant Pot Venison Pot Roast
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/278108/instant-pot-venison-pot-roast/
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot) and select Sauté function. Add olive oil and let heat for 1 minute. Sear venison roast in hot oil for 2 minutes. Flip roast over and sear for 2 minutes more. Cancel Sauté mode. Place water in a small bowl and add stew seasoning. Whisk until seasoning is dissolved. Pour mixture over roast. Close and lock the lid. Select High pressure according to manufacturer's instructions. Set the timer for 120 minutes. Allow 10 minutes for pressure to build. Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Add potatoes and carrots to the pot. Spoon sauce over them to coat. Close and lock the lid again. Select High pressure according to manufacturer's instructions. Set timer for 10 minutes. Allow 10 minutes for pressure to build. Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 15 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.
I followed this recipe EXACTLY except our venison was in 1lb roasts, so I used 2! It was very good, very tender. Three hours from start to finish, as stated. Probably the only thing I've used my Instapot so far is for making hard boiled eggs!  I followed the recipe with the exception of cutting up 3 cloves of garlic, onions, celery, potatoes & carrots and added them to the 2nd stage.  The roast, veggies & potatoes were done just right!  I really impressed myself and husband.  I will definitely be making this again plus  I gained some self confidence in using my Instapot! This was amazingly good, considering the brief amount of time that it cooked. Meat easily fell apart after cooking. And the vegetables weren’t too mushy. I reduce the time to 90 minutes for my 2.2 pound roast worked great. We were given venison from a friend and had never made it - this recipe was wonderful! I replaced the beef stew seasoning with 2T Ox Tail Soup seasoning and received many compliments from the folks who eat venison a lot. I also had some issues cooking the potatoes and carrots in the Instant Pot so the second time we made it, we just did the meat. So very good. Thanks for this recipe - it's a keeper! I added a sliced red onion to the first cook. The onion added a rich flavor cooks down to a fine gravy. It adds no texture to the dish.But the flavor completely works with wild game dishes.The venison was excellent. I added celery cut into 4 inch sections with the second cook with the carrots and potato. Did it exactly as it said and it came out delicious! Well be doing this again First venison recipe that I've ever made. (First time eating venison too!) We got it from a friend and weren't sure how to cook it. Glad I found this recipe; it was fabulous!! Even my picky eater ate seconds. Excellent recipe for the instapot!  I did not use any racks (wasn't sure if I should or not but I did not).  Our roast was 1.35 lbs so I cut the time down to 90 minutes.  It was great and I will be making it again! Followed recipe exactly, and I’ve used a few other recipes and this one is by far the BEST !!!! Will use this one again. TOTALLY DELICIOUS 👍 This was delicious! It was my first meal in my new IP and it was so good! I used a can of beef broth and a packet of onion soup mix, cause that's what I had and it was so good!The only thing I will change for the next time is to reduce the amount of time the vegetables cook to maybe 7 or 8 minutes. The meat fell apart perfectly!
