Healthier Slow Cooker Gumbo
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/278208/healthier-slow-cooker-gumbo/
Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Add flour; cook, stirring constantly, until flour is deep golden and smells toasty, 7 to 10 minutes. Reduce heat if browning too quickly. Transfer to a 6-quart slow cooker. Add oil, bell peppers, onion, and garlic to the skillet; cook and stir until tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir into slow cooker until coated. Stir in sausage, tomatoes, broth, Cajun seasoning, salt, and black pepper. Cook on Low for 6 to 7 hours or on High for 3 to 3 1/2 hours. Stir in shrimp; cook until opaque, about 30 minutes on Low or 15 minutes on High. Meanwhile, place riced cauliflower in a heatproof dish, cover, and microwave until heated through, about 4 minutes, stirring halfway through. Serve gumbo over cauliflower. Sprinkle with parsley and additional black pepper.
Everyone loved it aside for my two picky eaters. I added celery to it. This was my first adventure into making gumbo. I did end up serving it over white rice instead of riced cauliflower. Loved this healthier version. First time eating riced califlower. Very good. Added celery and two kinds of chicken sausage. Smoked and Garlic. Tomatoes in gumbo are forbidden on my bayou. That’s a Cajun stew. Sorry. This was the BOMB!!!  I added twice the cajun seasonings and used up a bunch of okra and eggplant.  My husband gave it 5 stars, he hates okra but I chopped it in the food processor.  I know, I know,,,  I shouldn't give it 5 stars if I changed the recipe but it was darn good. This was such a great recipe! I followed the recipe, but added a full pound of shrimp and a couple ribs of celery to complete the trinity. It did not disappoint. It was so full of flavor! My husband, who doesn't normally care for Cajun food, said it could be in our normal rotation! Added celery, as the Cajun "Trinity is onion, bell pepper, and celery. Also, browned the sausage first, and browned the flour in the oven rather than the stove. Can also buy prepared dry roux (flour). It was a hit!!! This will go in our rotation of slow cooker meals. I made this recipe with a few tweaks.  It was delicious!  I enjoyed this recipe so much, I shared it with a number of people.  The tweaks I made were half the amount of andouille sausage and added in smoked sausage for the other amount.  In the future, I plan to add some okra for added vegetables. This is PHENOMENAL!! I couldn’t find chicken andouille so I used regular but cooked it to render and drain away some of the fat before adding it to the slow cooker. The flavors don’t make you miss the ‘unhealthy’ version of gumbo. This will be my go-to recipe for Cajun dinners. This was a fairly easy recipe to put together, but some folks might not be familiar with browning flour for more color and flavor.  By browning the flour separately from the oil, the recipe calls for less oil than a traditional roux.  I'm thinking that less oil, reduced sodium, and cauli-rice contribute to the word "healthier" in the title.  Most recipes can be tweaked, to individual tastes, and this recipe is no different.  If you like celery, or okra, add away!  If you want to add some chicken, put it in.  I made the recipe exactly as directed, and I'm glad I did.  DH and DS enjoyed it, even without "real" rice!  Not exactly a one-pan meal, but it was satisfying on a cool, rainy spring evening.  Thanks for posting!
