Pumpkin Pie Cupcakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/278693/pumpkin-cupcakes/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line 22 muffin cups with paper liners. Combine flour, pumpkin pie spice, baking powder, and baking soda in a medium bowl. Combine milk, maple syrup, and vanilla in another medium bowl; stir gently to combine. Combine butter, white sugar, and brown sugar in a large bowl; beat with an electric mixer until smooth. Mix in eggs, one at a time, until well blended, scraping down the bowl as necessary. Add flour mixture in 3 batches, alternating with milk mixture, beating batter briefly after each addition. Add pumpkin; mix until smooth and well combined. Divide batter evenly between the prepared muffin cups. Bake in the preheated oven until a cake tester inserted into the center comes out clean, 17 to 20 minutes. Cool in the tins for 5 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool completely. Meanwhile, combine butter, half-and-half, and vanilla extract for the frosting in a large bowl; beat with an electric mixer until creamy. Add confectioners' sugar, 1 cup at a time, and mix on the lowest setting until frosting reaches a good spreading consistency. Mix in cinnamon and spread on cooled cupcakes.
These are really delicious cupcakes! Instead of just 1 cup of pumpkin puree, I used a whole 15 oz can (without changing any of the other ingredients) and they came out great! Light, spicy, pumpkiny, moist, and delicious! They did need more baking time (about 25-28 minutes), but that's no big deal. I also got 24 cupcakes out of this. My one minor issue is the ratio of butter to powdered sugar in the frosting. I made a half batch of the frosting and only needed 2 cups of powdered sugar to 1/2 cup butter; plus several tablespoons of cream (instead of half-and-half) to get a good consistency. The end result was a really really delicious cinnamon buttercream, though! The rest of the cupcakes I frosted with a chocolate frosting, and that was tasty as well. I would definitely make these again! Thank you for the recipe! One of the best cupcakes I’ve ever made! Didn’t even need frosting. I'm not a huge pumpkin (pie) lover, but I LOVED these cupcakes, especially the icing! Everyone who tried them also raved about them. This is definitely a do-over recipe, but I think I will use it to make a bundt cake next time. And I agree with Kim about the icing (even though I loved the original); it made a bit too much for my cupcake batch and I needed to thin it out with extra half & half. These are really delicious cupcakes! Instead of just 1 cup of pumpkin puree, I used a whole 15 oz can (without changing any of the other ingredients) and they came out great! Light, spicy, pumpkiny, moist, and delicious! They did need more baking time (about 25-28 minutes), but that's no big deal. I also got 24 cupcakes out of this. My one minor issue is the ratio of butter to powdered sugar in the frosting. I made a half batch of the frosting and only needed 2 cups of powdered sugar to 1/2 cup butter; plus several tablespoons of cream (instead of half-and-half) to get a good consistency. The end result was a really really delicious cinnamon buttercream, though! The rest of the cupcakes I frosted with a chocolate frosting, and that was tasty as well. I would definitely make these again! Thank you for the recipe!
