Maple-Bacon Biscuits
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/278678/maple-bacon-biscuits/
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or use a nonstick baking sheet. Combine flour, sugar, baking powder, cream of tartar, and salt in a large bowl. Use a pastry cutter to cut cold butter into flour mixture, until you see small, pea-sized pieces of butter throughout the dough. Add milk, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, and egg and mix just until the ingredients are combined; do not overmix. Dough will be sticky with visible pieces of butter. Turn dough out onto generously floured surface and sprinkle bacon pieces on top. Gently knead dough 10 to 15 times to incorporate bacon, sprinkling with additional flour if the dough is super sticky. Pat the dough out to a 3/4- to 1-inch thickness and cut with a biscuit cutter or glass. Transfer biscuits to the prepared baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown on top, 10 to 15 minutes. Brush the tops with melted butter and remaining maple syrup for extra depth.
These were amazing! Light & fluffy and delicious. I worried the maple wash might be too sweet but, for all of us, it was just right. Will make a double recipe next time! There is no words to express how I feel about this recipe except astonishing. The perfect balance of sweet and salty, especially with maple topping. I eat it for breakfast now with a side of eggs,simple breakfast that just is 10/5 , I 100% recommend. This did not work out for me. I was hoping for savory bacon-maple and I got baking powder crunch. I think I over cooked, maybe needed more maple. Not sure but I’ll keep trying! This was delicious- my only suggestion is double the recipe and make sure you have lovely jam to go with it!! These were amazing! Light & fluffy and delicious. I worried the maple wash might be too sweet but, for all of us, it was just right. Will make a double recipe next time! I cut the dough into squares instead of using a biscuit cutter and they still worked and I could use them to make breakfast biscuit sandwiches
