Air Fryer Chicken Katsu with Homemade Katsu Sauce
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/278708/air-fryer-chicken-katsu-with-homemade-katsu-sauce/
Gather the ingredients. Prepare sauce: Whisk ketchup, soy sauce, brown sugar, sherry, Worcestershire sauce, and garlic together in a bowl until sugar has dissolved. Set katsu sauce aside. Preheat an air fryer to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Meanwhile, lay chicken pieces on a clean work surface. Season with salt and pepper. Place beaten eggs in a flat dish or shallow bowl. Pour bread crumbs into a second flat dish. Dredge chicken pieces in egg and then in bread crumbs. Repeat by dredging chicken in egg and then bread crumbs again, pressing down so the bread crumbs stick to the chicken. Place chicken pieces in the basket of the preheated air fryer. Spray the tops with nonstick cooking spray. Air fry for 10 minutes. Flip chicken pieces over using a spatula and spray the tops with nonstick cooking spray. Cook for 8 minutes more. Transfer chicken to a cutting board and slice. Serve with katsu sauce.
This was delicious! I already had katsu sauce so I only tried the chicken so far, but it was PERFECT! Great recipe Easy to make, had to cook a few minutes longer, overall enjoyed the flavor. I followed the recipe.  A couple things of note.  You want to dread the chicken twice to give it a good coating.  Second, you may want to consider warming up the sauce to help cook the garlic.  I would also season the chicken a bit more.  It was a little bland but the sauce was key to adding flavor. Wanted something simple to try with our recently purchased air fryer.  This fit the bill and turned out well for a first go at air frying.  The Katsu sauce was good.  We don't keep sherry on hand so I used red wine vinegar (reduced amount) and added a bit more brown sugar.  I missed the part about double dipping the chicken with the egg and panko.  That was probably why the chicken didn't look as evenly coated as the ones in the pictures.  Will do that next time. This is an easy dinner and also in the comfort food category in my opinion.  Made some Vermont curry, jasmine rice, and a Japanese cabbage salad to go along with it. I really liked the recipe as a base. The preparation and cooking of the chicken was great. I tried both the single and the double dip into the egg and breadcrumbs, but I did oven cook the chicken as well as air fry, just to make sure it was cooked.For the sauce I added curry powder for more of a curry flavour.
