Greek Horiatiki Salad
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/278767/greek-horiatiki-salad/
Cut tomatoes into wedges over a large serving bowl so that any extra juices land in the bowl with tomato wedges. Add onion slices and oregano, then season liberally with salt; mix to combine. Allow tomatoes to sit at room temperature until juices have released, at least 20 to 30 minutes or up to 2 hours. Mix in bell pepper, cucumber, and olives just before serving. Top with feta cheese and drizzle with olive oil.
I lived in Greece for 2years and YES!! this is the real thing !! When I got home everyone kept presenting a bowl full of lettuce with the other veggies and calling it a "Greek Salad" and I would say no it's not. But thank you for putting it on line for the rest to see. Scrumptious! I knew the trick of using salt to get fruits & veggies to release their juices but I'd never considered making "dressing" with simply tomato juices, salt, a bit of dried oregano, & olive oil! And omitting the lettuce made this salad so much better! Around northern Indiana, even most decent Greek restaurants put lettuce in their salads. Still tasty, but this salad is superb! I cut the feta into several large chunks rather than just 2 slabs to simplify serving. This was a real hit at our dinner party! This is exactly as I remember the Greek salads I ate while backpacking the countryside in Greece. After trying this recipe you can never go back to what passes as Greek salad in this country, Loved this salad.I didn't use olives or green peppers and didn't let the tomatoes sit long enough and it was still delicious .Gonna be making this salad quite often from now on.Also it was very quick and easy to make. Good recipe, but I wish recipes like this included weights. Example: How much do 5 large tomatoes weigh? Websites seem to indicate a large tomato is 10 ounces, so I used 50 ounces of smaller tomatoes. Wow, I can feed a small army with how much this makes.Should that have read "5 large Roma tomatoes"? Having weights listed would really help.Also, 1/2 medium cucumber seems really light for a salad like this. I used one large tomato and there was close to four servings. Ican't imagine how much salad you'd get with five large tomatoes. This is so simple and sooo good. THIS IS THE BEST GREEK SALAD RECIPE EVER!!! ?? ?? ?? ?? ???? I loved the trick with the salt for realise the tomates juices, the balance of ingredients are so beautiful who thought, my family enjoyed very much this salad, thanks for sharing and I recommend to make it, it's very easy. This was so tasty and an excellent way to use up garden tomatoes and cucumbers.  Adding olives as noted in the recipe added a great taste, and the feta cheese also added a unique flavor.  I made this several times during the summer growing season.
