Spicy Tuna Rice Bowl
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/278876/spicy-tuna-rice-bowl/
Gather the ingredients. Pour rice into a heavy pot and add water; swirl to allow rice to settle. Bring to a simmer over medium-high heat; do not stir. Reduce heat to low, cover, and continue to simmer for 15 minutes. While rice is cooking, place tuna into a large mixing bowl and break up with your hands or a fork. Toss in red bell pepper, jalapeno, 1/4 cup green onions, rice vinegar, lemon juice, soy sauce, Sriracha, and sesame oil. Mix with a fork until thoroughly combined. Turn off heat and let rice sit, covered, for 10 minutes. Fluff rice with a fork to separate the grains and break up any large clumps; transfer into the mixing bowl. Mix thoroughly with a spoon until all the ingredients are evenly incorporated. Taste and adjust seasoning if needed. Serve warm, at room temperature, or cold like a rice salad, topped with red pepper flakes and 1 teaspoon green onion.
This tastes like a spoonful of sushi in every bite. It is going to become one of our quick afterwork dinners and made with microwaved rice packets. Next time I'll dice a generous amount cilantro over the top to finish the dish. Cuz you know, cilantro!!! Great recipe. You can add additional vegetables, or simply increase the bell pepper. SUper easy instructions, no doubt, but kinda tasted like peppers and rice.  Will I eat the leftovers? you bet. Amazing - looks just like the photo and tastes wonderful!! I loved this for the same reason my husband hated it--it is very reminiscent of American sushi and even more similar to those currently trending "sushi bakes." Very easy, refreshing, simple to make from mostly pantry ingredients. Will be making again. I made this exactly as written but did take the easy route and prepared the rice in the rice cooker. Both my adult sons loved it and of course they made it even spicier by adding extra sriracha. I followed the recipe (mostly) as written; generally, I like to see what the chef intended before I mess with something. However, since I was not about to spend >$8.50 for 7 oz of tuna in oil, I selected 2 cans instead. So I had more than 7 oz of tuna. And I used some Sicilia lemon squeeze instead of fresh, because I just really like it. Everything else was the same. I resisted stirring the rice while it simmered, though must confess to having lifted the lid just a bit, so I could peek in and be sure it still was simmering (the curse of cooking on an electric stove). Regardless, this was the best pan of rice I ever made; these directions are staying with me!As for the rice bowl itself, I haven't eaten my dinner yet; I made this early so I could watch the Panthers' hockey playoff game tonight without fussing in the kitchen. However I did taste it. One taste. Another bigger taste. A final, even bigger taste. It is SO delicious! I'm looking forward to dinner! This recipe is a keeper! So nice!  I used bottled lemon juice.  Not being sure how much equaled 1/2 a lemon, I put in two tablespoons.  Too much!  One would have been better.  I will make this again because it's so delicious despite my overkill with the lemon. Ah, this is excellent. Exactly the kind of grub I was looking for. Also, I really loved the video!
