Cuban Black Bean Soup in the Slow Cooker
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/278989/cuban-black-bean-soup-in-the-slow-cooker/
Rinse beans and remove any particles or bad beans. Place beans in a saucepan; cover with 2 inches water. Add celery and bay leaves.; bring to a boil over high heat. Cook, adding more water as necessary, for 10 minutes. Drain beans; remove and discard celery. Meanwhile, heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion, bell pepper, and carrot; sauté until onion fairly translucent, about 5 minutes. Add garlic, salt, cumin, and pepper flakes; cook until heated through and fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer to a slow cooker. Add tomatoes and water to slow cooker; stir in beans and bay leaves. Cook on Low until beans are tender enough that you can easily smash one between your tongue and the top of your mouth, for 6 hours (or on High for 4 hours). Add vinegar. Taste and adjust seasonings; add hot pepper sauce.
I love this recipe!… changed only a few things to add flavor and make it one pot: 1- soaked beans overnight with water and baking soda so it gets rid of Lecithin.2-added chicken better than bouillon in place of salt3-put rinsed pre-soaked beans, water, bouillon, whole celery stalks, and bayleaf directly in crockpot on Hi for 2-3 hrs until beans cooked crisp tender.4-then turn down to low and proceed as directed.5-added two stalks chopped celery in with other veggies.6-dialed back red pepper flakes to 1/2 tspn Really good. I left out the hot chile flakes & hot pepper sauce. Served with chopped cilantro sprinkled on top. This would also be good with diced ham added, but is plenty flavorful without it. I made an onion and cheddar quick bread to have with it. Corn bread or corn muffins would also be a great side. I made this put in green onions and red pepper instead...cooked this in my instant pot.thinking of adding Polish Cabassi To my leftovers. I followed the timing exactly and after 6 hours on low, the beans are still hard. The recipe includes salt but in the directions, there is no indication of when that is to be added so I added it at the end. I think I would do as others have suggested and prep the beans as I would normally before adding them. I think it could use a bit more flavour as well - not sure why but it seems bland to me. It tasted good, I will make again after some modifications.  I prepped the soup the day before & left it in the crock overnight.  Could not find chile flakes so I used 1/2 tsp chili powder instead.  After cooking on low for 6 hours, the beans were not fully cooked, they were harder than they should have been.  Next time I will cook the beans like they should be cooked before adding them to a recipe.  I also think that this needed more liquid. To me, this came together to be more than the sum of it's parts. We used Rotel tomatoes with chilis for extra flavor. I love this recipe!… changed only a few things to add flavor and make it one pot: 1- soaked beans overnight with water and baking soda so it gets rid of  Lecithin.2-added chicken better than bouillon in place of salt3-put rinsed pre-soaked beans, water, bouillon, whole celery stalks, and bayleaf directly in crockpot on Hi for 2-3 hrs until beans cooked crisp tender.4-then turn down to low and proceed as directed.5-added two stalks chopped celery in with other veggies.6-dialed back red pepper flakes to 1/2 tspn Made this following directions exactly except for adding about a cup of vegetable broth during cooking. I served with white rice, cilantro, and a dollop of sour cream along with toasted garlic rounds.  I think sliced avocado alongside would be good too. Very substantial supper. This was very good.  I served it over rice as a vegetarian meal.  I used crushed red pepper instead of red pepper flakes.  I don't know if that made a difference, but it was a little spicy for us.  I added chopped cilantro at the table. Since a bag of dried beans can't be found right now, I used three cans of canned black beans, rinsed and drained. I chopped the celery finely and cooked it with the rest of the vegetables. I used orange bell pepper and chili-ready diced tomatoes since I had those on hand. At last tasting, it was really, really good and once it cooks for the rest of the evening I'm sure it will be outstanding. I was afraid without meat that it would be bland, but it's not bland at all! Thank you, thank you for this. It's going into my files.
