Apple Bread with Double Streusel
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/279325/apple-bread-with-double-streusel/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9x5-inch loaf pan. Combine flour, baking soda, cinnamon, and salt in a bowl. Add sugar, oil, eggs, and vanilla extract. Add shredded apples and chopped nuts. Mix until combined. Set aside. For the streusel: Mix sugar, cinnamon, and flour together in a bowl. Cut in butter until mixture is crumbly. Place 1/2 of the streusel on the bottom of the prepared loaf pan. Pour in batter and top with remaining streusel. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 60 to 75 minutes. Cool on a wire rack for 10 minutes before removing from the pan.
This is very good. I had no trouble with it sticking to the pan.Next time I will skip the bottom strusel and put it all on top. I used brown sugar and more spices. It is fabulous! Tried grating the apples, but I was getting very little apple and losing all the juice, so I switched to shredding which was easier, too.  As instructed, I put half of the streusel on the bottom, but I’m not convinced that served any purpose?? This recipe is very high in calories for a slice of quick bread, so I did sub Truvia Sugar Blend to reduce that number.  I really was expecting more apple flavor, cinnamon dominated, but it sliced nicely and was very, very moist.  Thanks for sharing, we love quick breads, and we enjoyed it. I have made this many times and have shared with my family.This recipe is a hit!! I streusel the bottom middle and top use differentkinds of apples and add a lil brown sugar !!! This bread is fabulous.  I chopped the apples instead of shredding,  but boy is it delicious!! Chop apples instead of grating, if you’d like to notice the apples more in this recipe. I might add a little apple juice next time for more apple flavor. Great recipe! This is very good. I had no trouble with it sticking to the pan.Next time I will skip the bottom strusel and put it all on top. It was a tasty bread but not enough apple flavor. My husband thought is might be a banana bread. I added King Arthur boiled apple cider the next time I made it and it had a little more apple flavor. I liked the taste as the bread was very moist.  My only difficulty was when I let it cool for 10 minutes after baking and went to turn it onto a plate the streusel stuck to the bottom every time.  I did use Crisco and flour before putting the batter in the pan. The pan was a no stick load pan that was dark in color. Opps last comment was wrong... it was amazing. Added 1/4 cup less sugar to the batter.
