The Best Baked Rice and Beans
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/279361/the-best-baked-rice-and-beans/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Pour rice into a casserole dish; season with chili powder, salt, cumin, black pepper, cayenne pepper, and oregano. Pour in olive oil and stir until rice is thoroughly coated. Add beans, salsa, and broth; stir until evenly combined. Cover very tightly with heavy-duty aluminum foil. Bake in the preheated oven until rice is tender, about 1 hour and 10 minutes. Remove the foil; taste and adjust seasoning if necessary. Fluff with a fork and serve hot.
Chef John, you rock! This is a great dish that uses pantry foods. I cut it in half since it's just my husband and me (usually more but we are doing the social distance thing!) Anyway, it's really a good staple meal. I cut down on the cayenne and put out the Frank's hot sauce for my hubby which is our usual compromise.Edit: normally I don't make changes to the recipes, but since we are in the middle of a pandemic I did. I used Rotel in place of the salsa. Worked fine. Super easy.   Used regular long grain rather than Basmati rice as that’s what we had.  I used 1/4 t of chipotle.  Mild salsa, no cayenne to be kid friendly. I went to the spice cabinet and sadly discovered that I was out of chili powder (how did that happen?!) I used Italian seasoning instead, increased chicken broth per other posters advice and used a can of fire roasted tomatoes in place of the salsa (it was what I had on hand and had no way of getting to the store.) I don’t generally post a review if I’ve made adjustments to the original recipe but needed to weigh-in on this one because I’ve made Spanish rice many times on the stove top and struggle with the consistency of the rice, sometimes it’s too soft, other times it’s undercooked. This cooked the rice perfectly. It’s a keeper. Thank you. I have made this many, many times; had wondered about using brown rice instead and found a review on using it! Thank You to handiwife  for sharing that! (It's just my hubby and me so I cut it in half and bake it in an 8x8 baking dish.) It is perfect served with sour cream and shredded cheese! Love, love love!!!!! I have also added crumbled cooked ground beef before baking. Yum The only thing i did was do only 2 c of rice and left everything the same.  Very enjoyable. I make this with black beans and brown rice. Need to add an additional cup of stock (I use vegetable stock) and cook an additional 1/2 hour or so for the brown rice.  Other than that, I follow exactly.  We love this.  Easy to make, tastes delicious.  I love it with sour cream because it can be a little spicy, we like spicy.  My husband adds shredded cheese on top.   Great as a leftover just heated in the microwave for a quick meal. What can I say, except that hubby and I both *loved* this!  Made according to recipe, except used 2 cups of rice instead of 3, and added a bit of onion and garlic.  This was such a hit, that I've made it twice in 3 weeks.  Needless to say, this Mexican-style Rice and Beans is now a part of our regular meal rotation. Good flavors but, as others have said, too little liquids and too much rice. I think it would be perfect with 1.5 cups rice and keep everything the same Partner says definitely wants it again, but it's drier than his preference. Next time will add more broth. Chef John does it again!! Perfect, excellent recipe. I made it in the pressure cooker.
