Mexican Rice and Beans
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/279440/mexican-rice-and-beans/
Heat olive oil in a medium pot over medium-high heat. Cook and stir onion, poblano pepper, and garlic in hot oil for 2 to 3 minutes. Add rice and cook, stirring occasionally, until rice is completely coated in oil, about 2 minutes. Season with paprika, cumin, oregano, salt, and black pepper. Stir in tomato paste and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Add vegetable broth and pinto beans. Bring to a boil; reduce heat to low. Cover and simmer until rice is tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the pot from the heat, keep covered, and let stand for at least 5 minutes. Fluff with a fork.
By far the best rice and beans I've tried! For everyone who ended up needing more cooking time I suspect you didn't fry your rice long enough before adding the broth. Definitely use more oil though, you'll need to add some more after you saute your veggies and garlic (and DON'T LIFT THE LID UNTIL AFTER THE 10-15 min OFF HEAT, so so important).I've made so many variations of rice and beans and this one was THE family favorite! Needs more liquid and lacked body.Next time I will use 2.5 cups chicken broth and 3 tablespoons of butter.  MSG might help as well when you add the liquid. I substituted a can of green chilies because I did not have a poblano pepper on hand. Easily my new favorite recipe and I will definitely make this again! We all loved this! I made it for family members that are vegetarian, but it was a hit with everyone! I find that rinsing the basimati rice many times makes for a lot less sticky rice. Rinse till the rinse water becomes pretty much clear. I also leave the boiled rice covered for 40 minutes. I am going to make this again. Sour cream on top pairs very well. I made mine spicier with a little cayenne pepper. Next time I will use Tapatio hot sauce. I loved this recipe. It’s my go-to recipe for a family sized lunch, and my family loves it. I like to add in green chiles sometimes (usually canned), and I always sprinkle in a bit of Tajin at the end. Makes the flavor ten times better. I also like to use black beans instead of pinto beans. Would definitely recommend. Easy to make and easier to eat. I substituted green pepper, chicken broth,  a can of pinto beans in chili sauce and used the sauce from the beans instead of tomato paste. Very good, but I kind of merged it with my usual Mexican rice. I used green chiles instead of poblano and diced tomatoes instead of tomato paste. I drained the tomatoes and used the juice along with chicken broth for the liquid. I used less paprika and a bit more cumin. All I did was change to black beans. This was delicious. I'm bookmarking this for the future. This was delicious! I actually cooked the rice first separately and added it after the spices, etc. I also added an extra half portion of rice and the same of spices/paste because I felt that there were too many pinto beans otherwise. I also used padrón peppers because there were no poblanos in my supermarket. Have already sent the recipe on to my four very impressed friends 🫶
