Instant Pot Ribs from Frozen
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/279624/instant-pot-ribs-from-frozen/
Pour water into a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot). Set the trivet inside. Sprinkle hickory smoke seasoning liberally over frozen ribs; set ribs on top of the trivet. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set the timer for 45 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 15 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Preheat the oven broiler. Set an oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source. Transfer ribs to a rimmed baking sheet. Brush with barbecue sauce. Broil until glazed, 4 to 5 minutes.
Delicious and tender This recipe was great for getting crave-worthy fall-off-the-bone texture in a flash. Rather than use the broiler, we popped them in the smoker for an hour after pressure cooking, then served the BBQ sauce on the side because we couldn’t decide which one to use. So yummy! Found this recipe on another site.   Used thawed ribs and rubbed with brown sugar and Famous Dave's Rib rub but use anything you want.    Use 1 cup of chicken broth (and because you'll be throwing it out, use a chicken bullion cube and 1 cup of water), and 1/3 cup of apple cider vinegar.   Cooked for 25 minutes and did a natural release.   Take ribs out of the pot, cover with BBQ sauce and either grill to caramelize or place on a rack in the oven broiler to caramelize.   Best rib recipe and never fails. Well it wouldn't let me change my last review but I was wrong they are not dry it was just that one corner for some reason. I did add a little bit of brown sugar and butter when I broiled them and they turn out amazing. Fabulous recipe from frozen! While we only had boneless beef ribs, they still turned out AMAZING! My husband mixed up a custom rub for them, and then I followed all the instructions from there. Tender, juicy, OH so flavorful! We have a new family favorite, thank you thedailygourmet!  dont change a thing,Ive made this recipe several times,its perfect every time. Easy to make.Tasted wonderful. Absolutely excellent!The ribs were just the right size to just fit in the pot!!I used some seasonings I had plus garlic powder.I cooked for 50 minutes….rested about 35 minutes.  Took out of pot and put on a cookie sheet.  Topped with some sweet bbq sauce and put under the broiler for about 5 minutes.   Oh my!  They fell off the bones!!  So good!  I have more half ribs in freezer and will be making more lik this!  I saved the drippings and froze them to make pork gravy some day soon!  Yum!Sorry no pics….we ate them too quickly! This is the way to go for tasty tender ribs from frozen to table in an hour.
