Slow Cooker Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/279631/slow-cooker-bread/
Stir 1 cup water and yeast together in a small bowl until yeast is dissolved. Let sit until frothy or foamy, about 10 minutes. Mix flour and salt together in a plastic container with a tight-fitting lid. Add yeast mixture and stir with a wooden spoon until evenly combined and no traces of flour remain. Add 1 to 2 tablespoons water and stir again; dough should be tacky but not wet. Cover container with the lid. Let dough rise at room temperature for 1 hour. Set slow cooker to High. Cut a piece of parchment paper to line the bottom of your slow cooker. Dust a clean work surface with flour. Fold dough briefly with floured hands to get rid of any air pockets. Shape into a round or oval loaf depending on the shape of your slow cooker. Sprinkle some of the sesame seeds on the bottom of the slow cooker. Sprinkle remaining seeds generously all around the loaf. Place dough in the slow cooker and cover with the lid. Cook on High for 2 hours. Lift the lid a couple of times during cooking to release the steam. An instant-read thermometer inserted deep into the loaf should read between 200 and 210 degrees F (93 to 99 degrees C). The surface of the bread should be dry and no longer spongy. Remove the loaf and tap the bottom; it should sound hollow. Remove loaf from the slow cooker. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool completely before cutting, at least 1 hour.
YUMMMMMMMMMMMMMYbut wonder if it works equally well if I cut in half the recipe for a small slow cooker?Mine is a 1 1/2 quart cookerThanks so much I loved how easy it was in the slow cooker, but at the last 45 min it started to smell burnt. I took it out and it looked fine, so I put it in a 350 degree oven to finish and reach the proper temperature.  I didn't use the parchment paper because I didn't have any on hand, so I greased the slow cooker with butter instead. I love it!  Will make again adding oatmeal as an experiment. I wasn't too sure about trying this recipe, but since I love food cooked in my slower cooker, I thought I would give it a try - I am so glad! I did - This bread is delicious!!! The bread turned out okay, but my family didn't care for the taste ... a little too yeasty for them.  I liked it. No dairy, no sugar, and still makes great toast. YUMMMMMMMMMMMMMYbut wonder if it works equally well if I cut in half the recipe for a small slow cooker?Mine is a 1 1/2 quart cookerThanks so much Excellent bread. I leave mine in 2.5hrs. Agree brushing with olive oil &B putting under broiler 5mins makes it that much better. Have also brushed with honey after taking out from broiler. Highly recommend this recipe. Super simple and it's the only recipe I use to make delicious bread. Every single time. Big hit! Family loved it!  Will be making this again.
