Sous Vide "Poached" Eggs
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/279620/sous-vide-poached-eggs/
Fill a large pot with water and place a sous vide immersion cooker into the water. Set temperature to 167 degrees F (75 degrees C) according to manufacturer's instructions; allow 15 minutes for the water to heat. Gently lower eggs into the water using a slotted spoon. Immediately set a kitchen timer for 13 minutes. Remove eggs from water once timer is up and let cool for 3 minutes. Gently crack egg around the middle and peel top half of shell. Slide egg out into a small bowl or serve over toast. Season with salt and pepper.
Yep, this works nicely. It's the best sous vide recipe I have found. I've tried the 74C 15 min recipe from another siteand it didn't work as well as this 75C 13 min recipe. I've tried a bunch of other ones too, over the years. This is the best. I've done this a few times and find there is a little bit of nuance with regard to egg size (gram weight).  It would be so great if someone had time references by egg weight from say 55g - 70g.  I'll keep plugging away and documenting my own experience if I can't find someone else's reference.  I do so LOVE to crack my perfectly poached egg right out of the shell, rather than fishing it out of a pot of water! Eggcelent! I followed this recipe as exactly as I could and the 13-minute eggs turned out amazing. My point of reference is a couple of different in-pan, stovetop egg poachers (1/4 in of water, steam for about 5 min) which honestly I have zero complaints with. But the texture of the eggs from the 13-min sous vide process is a whole new level of poached decadence for me. Thanks for this recipe. It's the first thing I ever cooked sous vide and a great first success. I'm excited to do much more! I have been a professional cook for 30 years. I love making breakfast/brunch any place I've worked and I like learning new techniques. I'm new to the whole sous vide thing and thought I would give this a try.Like several others, I ran into the problem of the whites not being nearly set and the yolk being over done (it did cook to a perfect over medium texture) after following the directions here. I'm now intrigued with the WHY aspect of the yolk setting so much more than the whites.Personally it's easier for me to bring a big pot of water with a little white vinegar to a boil, turn it off, get a good whirlpool  going with a spoon then individually dropping eggs into the middle (precracked into monkey dishes) and just leaving it alone until they set.I'm sorry I can't be more precise as I am a horrible teacher who relies on experience and the instinct that comes with it. Also, when learning a new recipe or technique I ALWAYS follow directions the first time before trying short cuts. We just bought our sous vide machine and were testing the temperature - to not waste the heated water, we googled and tried your recipe. Guess what - this is probably the BEST poached egg we've ever tried!!! Thanks for sharing :) I like poached eggs but they never really come out as pretty as I hope they will.  this recipe totally works.  I did note that one of the cold eggs cracked slightly when putting into the hot water but it did not affect the look or taste.  served over red potato home fries.  I was quite happy at breakfast this morning. This was perfect. I know how to make poached eggs the traditional way, but this is a game changer and my new go-to method for poached eggs.Granted It's not faster since it takes a little while for the sous vide to warm up vs. boiling water in a pot. However, it eliminates a lot of problems associated with making poached eggs, making things much easier. Issues like wispy egg whites that float away from the rest of the egg and broken yolks from wrestling the eggs in and out of the water are all off the table now. The eggs just cook in their own shells and crack open a perfect poached egg with no lost egg white or cleanup.My only suggestion: follow the timing and temperatures on this exactly; should you choose to experiment by adding or subtracting a minute or so, be very precise. There is extraordinarily little room for error when it comes to poached eggs and this could become a hard broiled egg or a runny mess very easily if you don't keep an eye on the timer.Many thanks to person who sent this in! Followed recipe to the tee with An Anova.  Yolks we’re over done and the whites were like  snot.  Sorry to be graphic but that’s the only way to explain it..  way easier and better to poach eggs in water IMO… I tried 13 and 14 minutes.  Most would think this is the perfect poached egg but there was far too much egg white "snot" for my taste.  The only difference between 13 and 14 minutes was a harder set yolk.  The white remained somewhat runny. Perfect!!!
