Chicken, Broccoli, and Cheddar Casserole
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/279848/chicken-broccoli-and-cheddar-casserole/
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Combine chicken, broccoli, condensed soup, sour cream, and pepper in a bowl. Mix in 1 cup Cheddar cheese. Pour into a 2-quart casserole dish and top with remaining Cheddar cheese. Combine bread crumbs and butter in a bowl. Sprinkle over casserole. Bake in the preheated oven until bubbly and cheese is melted, 30 to 35 minutes.
My Grandmother (1868-1957) made a similar dish late 40's early 50's. my sisters and I have that recipe and still make it with slight changes. Cream of mushroom soup, 2 tsp yellow curry powder, either crushed potato chips or French's Crispy Fried Onions for the topping....mmm good. think I'll make it today! I put Corn flakes on top. Mixed with a little butter. Delicious stuff. Glad I found this recipe! My family absolutely LOVES when I make this! It makes a hefty amount but even so, I'm not cleaning this out of nasty Tupperware a week later - this is devoured within a day every time I make it.  It's so good! A bit dry and bland:  I would double the sour cream, and change the topping to one stack of Garlic Ritz Crackers and one stick of melted butter ;) My picky eaters loved this recipe! I added a couple splashes of chicken broth to the mixture to loosen up the condensed soup, used a lot more cheese than recipe called for, and just sprinkled the bread crumbs on top because lack of time to mix with butter. I used a fresh rotisserie chicken. Very good! I can understand why some might call it salty, but just use "less sodium" ingredients. I served it on basmati rice. I added rice to the casserole.  It was either that or serve it on the side, but I decided to add it right in.  It made for a great combination.  Very rich, but tasty. This is a recipe I have added to my regular rotation-definitely delicious comfort food! The only change I make is to use crispy fried onions instead of bread crumbs. Thank you! It was fine, but needs more flavor and texture.  It was kind of bland.
