Garlic-Brown Sugar Chicken Thighs
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/279903/garlic-brown-sugar-chicken-thighs/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Season chicken thighs with salt and pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large oven-proof skillet over medium-high heat. Add chicken, skin-side down, and sear until brown, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove chicken to a plate. otdash Meredith Food Studio otdash Meredith Food Studio Melt remaining 1 tablespoon butter in the skillet, stirring to loosen any browned bits on the bottom. Add garlic; cook and stir until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Stir in brown sugar, honey, oregano, thyme, and basil until well combined. Turn off the heat and return chicken to the skillet, skin-side down. otdash Meredith Food Studio Roast in the preheated oven until chicken is no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear, 25 to 40 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Drizzle pan sauce over chicken thighs when serving. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
FABULOUS! The sauce is seriously incredible, I ended up doubling it after I tasted it. I didn't have chicken thighs so I used chicken breasts cut into thirds. Delicious! My wife has asked me to make it 3 more times since the initial. The best! I used boneless thighs and added a little chili crisp oil in the pan along with the butter to brown them. Took about 12 minutes to finish in the oven. The pan sauce was great and went well over rice. SO YUMMY! And so easy to make! Will definitely add this to the rotation of recipes!! Since it is only my husband and me, I used 4 bone-in thighs in the same size pan and added a sweet potato sliced into about 1/2 inch rounds. Before it went into the oven, I coated both sides of the sweet potato in the sauce. About 35 minutes (I checked with my thermometer). A side dish of slaw. It's delicious! No change My husband and I prepared this dish together. We did not change anything. It is absolutely delicious omg. A true keeper and a re do dish . Made this recipe with no changes. It turned out great, my wife and I loved it. Easy to follow and took very little time to prepare. Will make again soon, it is on my favorites list.Gary I love this recipe!  Not just for the taste, but while I was browning a double batch, I was able to clean up after myself as it was cooking.  So, now, it's in the oven, and I'm relaxing.
