BBQ Chicken Breasts in the Oven
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/280052/bbq-chicken-breasts-in-the-oven/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line a baking pan with heavy-duty foil to make cleanup easier. Prepare chicken breasts by cutting off the rib meat if you wish and rinse and pat dry. Leave the skin on. Season chicken with salt and pepper and put in the pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until juices start to appear, about 10 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Remove the pan and generously pour 1/2 of the barbecue sauce over chicken. Continue to bake for 20 minutes. Repeat with remaining barbecue sauce. otdash Meredith Food Studio otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook until no longer pink in the centers and skin is crispy, 15 to 20 minutes more. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! rance 
I have my own food blog and love, love to cook. I don't mind making all my ingredients from scratch most of the time. BUT, there are many nights when I really appreciate a recipe like this one when I need a quick delicious meal that I don't have to fuss over. I also love Sweet Baby Ray sauce. Please don't ruin anyone's love of cooking new things with your own negativity. Thanks for this simple and delicious recipe! will try again with more sauces! Made the recipe last night and it was wonderful!  The chicken was moist which is sometimes hard to do.  I will definitely make this again! Husband loved it and now rest of the family wants my “ Secret Recipe” for dinner tonight TOO simple & easy. There was Nothing to it. I was hoping for something with a little more to it. Tip:Most recipes say that at 165-175 chicken is done. I have found this to be NOT TRUE many, many times! It usually is still very pink at 165, ruining a stomach cuz pink chicken to eat is Discussing! But I have found the easiest way to find out if it's done is the "Poke Test". Simply poke it with a knife or fork. If the juices come out even a little bit cloudy or pinkish, it's BOT done!! U want to poke it & have it drain out almost like water looks. Totally clear. Just a simple hint. Don't trust  thermometers. Especially for chicken. I’ve never had success with baking BBQ chicken, but this recipe works! Simple and delicious. I'm a single mom that works most nights. On the night that I work bc I have a 15 year old and a 13 year old at home. I usually start a good recipe and then leave the last step for them right before dinner. This is probably the first fan favorite that didn't get burnt by my son. best yet. I cooked boneless, skinless chicken breasts. Worked well. I sprinkled brown rice flour on the chicken to add what was not there (a skin that would provide a better bbq).
