Southern-Style Egg Salad
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/280034/southern-style-egg-salad/
Cover eggs with water in a saucepan, bring to a low boil, let boil slowly for 5 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand, covered, for 5 minutes. Transfer eggs to ice water to chill for 5 minutes; peel. Grate eggs into a medium mixing bowl and add mayonnaise, relish, mustard, sugar, lemon juice, salt, pepper, and hot sauce. Mix well. Chill in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes.
A really good Southern Egg Salad. Egg salad has a myriad of additions, but most come down to a good tangy taste with the incredible edible egg. My husband said he liked mine best (I'm his second wife) because I put minced red onion in it. Truth is, I never put red onion in Egg Salad until he said that while I was making my first batch for him, and I immediately added it! Our "secret ingredient" is Old Bay Seasoning. It provides some salt and heat and then you go from there with additional salt and heat. Thanks for the post! Eggs were undercooked. I usually bring water to a full boil and let it stay there for 11 minutes. Then, yes, cool in ice water and it peels well. Using this method, it did NOT peel well and the yolk was still runny. I'm trying I'm trying to salvage the last four eggs by boiling more. It was good, but next time I will omit the sugar. I also don’t like the texture of pickles so I just added the juice. Still needed something. I added more salt and pepper and garlic and onion powders. I took one look at this recipe and I knew it is not authentic southern egg salad.  There's enough sugar in the pickle relish and no need to use lemon because there's vinegar in the relish too.  Take it from this 75 year old southern gal, most of the southerners I know would not use hot sauce either,,, maybe a dash of cayenne pepper Great recipe! However, I only used haldthe relish, no suger, nor lemon juice, but used everything else as instructed, I didn't want it to be too sweet! I used a Crossiant for the bread of choice, toasted it with mozorella cheese and it was amazing! And I love how low carbed this is. perfect for my diet lol I made this recipe exactly the way it Saud and I'm sorry but I did not care for the sugar. Way to sweet.👎 It was delicious and easy! I left out the hot sauce but added 1/8 teaspoon of bay seasoning. I used Dukes mayo and it had the perfect tang. No changes, love it as it is with lettuce in my sandwich 🥪
