Chef John's Tuna Noodle Casserole
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/280246/chef-johns-tuna-noodle-casserole/
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Lightly butter a 9x13-inch casserole dish. Melt 3 tablespoons butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Saute onion with 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt until it starts to soften up and turn translucent, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the flour, and cook, stirring, for 3 minutes, reducing heat if needed. Pour in cold milk and whisk for 1 minute. Raise heat to medium-high and cook, stirring often, until the sauce thickens and comes to a simmer. Remove from heat, whisk in Cheddar cheese, and reserve until needed. Fill a large pot with water and remaining salt and bring to a rapid boil. Cook egg noodles for 5 minutes. Drain well and add to a large mixing bowl. Stir in the reserved sauce, followed by tuna, peas, cayenne, black pepper, and Worcestershire sauce. Mix with a spatula until evenly combined. Pour the mixture into the prepared dish. Mix bread crumbs, Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, and olive oil together in a small bowl until combined and resembling wet sand. Sprinkle evenly over the casserole. Bake in the center of the preheated oven until browned and bubbly, about 30 minutes. Let sit for 10 minutes before cutting and serving.
Very good casserole!! It would have been much better if I would have remembered to put in the tuna - lololol My expectations for tuna casseroles tends to be low. I was very happy to find one that did not use canned soup and was pleasantly surprised at how good it turned out. I will definitely make this again! I love Chef John’s recipes but this was just too bland. Needed more spice and more tuna flavor. I do love that the sauce is homemade rather than canned soup! I hate peas, so I cut fresh green beans up, blanched them and used them instead, othetwise, just halved everything, as there are two of us , and I don't want left overs. Turned out tasty, and just the right amount. Sauce is great and will be used for other recipes in future.  I used broccoli instead of peas.  I cut and blanched the broccoli, while cooking noodles.   Combined ingredients in large pan and realized recipe makes enough for two casseroles.  Used crushed saltine.  I cooked one to serve immediately.   The second, I wrapped and put in freezer to cook in a few weeks. I basically follow the recipe as written with the exception of the peas. I cut up sun-dried tomatoes, very small and cook them with the onion. I also added some button mushrooms. Otherwise, followed the recipe. Very good. I followed the recipe and this was good but not great, would make again with some tweaks to add more flavor - more cayenne pepper, maybe some garlic or other seasonings. Great base recipe for you to customize to your tastes and I'm so happy it's not a "cream of" canned soup! - April 2024 Delicious, made a few times but it’s  tricky to keep it from becoming sticky or runny. Drain your pasta well and if needed add a little more flour to the bechamel sauce. Use decent quality cheese and  solid pack tuna. Mushrooms, sautéed in butter, and carrots are great additions (even frozen peas and carrots) . This recipe makes a lot!  I filled an 8x11 Pyrex dish and another 9 in aluminum pan for the freezer. I used good quality tuna and whole wheat noodles; only had orange sharp cheddar cheese, but it tasted great! This is a homey kitchen basic, and my husband is quite happy with it! My mom was a home economics teacher, and taught me from an early age how to make a cream sauce. It is so much better than dumping in a can of soup!
