Easy Two-Ingredient Naan
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/280310/two-ingredient-naan/
Mix self-rising flour and Greek yogurt together in a large bowl until combined. Transfer to a lightly floured work surface and knead until smooth, adding more flour as necessary to keep dough from sticking, 2 to 3 minutes. Pat dough into a rough 9x7-inch rectangle. Divide into 8 equal pieces. Lightly dust each piece with flour and flatten into a semi-rectangular shape, about 1/4 inch thick. Lightly grease a large skillet and place it over medium heat. Add 1 or 2 of the flattened dough pieces to the skillet. Cook until they begin to bubble and brown, 2 to 4 minutes. Flip over and cook an additional 2 to 4 minutes. Remove from heat and repeat with remaining dough until all pieces are cooked. Serve warm.
No reviews so figured I'd offer my 2 cents. I used more Greek yogurt than the recipe called for so had to use more flour as well. Knead your mixture with more flour as you go to get the right consistency. Turned out just how I wanted once I got there! You can add more salt to taste/I also added garlic powder This was so simple to make! Loved how soft and tasty this bread was! Definitely making again. So easy to make and turned out better than expected, so fluffy!! I used butter to grease the pan and added minced garlic, then topped with coriander... perfect Excellent, quick and easy.  I cut the recipe in half as their are only two of us.  I did end up needing to add more flour during kneading than I would have thought.  To finish it, I melted a few tablespoons of butter in the microwave, and then put a few cloves of minced garlic in it.  I then brushed this over both sides of the naan while it was still in the pan.  This and a tiny sprinkle of salt to finish it takes it to the next level. Slightly lower temp for 5 minutes kept smoke down. My Pakistani husband would have loved these, daughter and I agree they are AMAZING, added a generous amount of garlic powder. Going to experiment with different seasonings. Satisfying and so much less expensive than the store bout or restaurant. Made this yesterday. Was a little more chewy than the naan I prefer. My son, helped, he thought it was good. So easy, and so delicious!  My family loves this recipe. I've made this twice now and it is so easy. I ran out of yogurt and used sour cream the second time which worked great. Followed the dough directions verbatim. Added about 1/2 teaspoon minced garlic and the finely minced tops of 6-7 green onions. They puffed up beautifully with a tender interior and a slightly crisped crust. They went well with the leftover red lentil soup and romaine salad. This recipe is now in my Keepers collection.
