Instant Pot Chicken Paprikash
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/280373/instant-pot-chicken-paprikash/
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rapid boil. Cook egg noodles at a boil until tender yet firm to the bite, 7 to 9 minutes. Drain and toss with butter, parsley, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Keep noodles warm while preparing the chicken. Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot®) and select Saute function. Add oil, shallots, and garlic; saute until fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes. Pour in pasta sauce, chicken broth, and red wine vinegar. Season chicken with remaining 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Add chicken to the pot. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 12 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 10 minutes. Release remaining pressure carefully using the quick-release method. Place 1/2 cup yogurt in a small bowl. Add in 1/2 cup of sauce, a tablespoon at time, to temper the yogurt. Add paprika and blend well. Pour yogurt mixture back into the pot. Shred the chicken thighs and serve over cooked noodles. Garnish each serving with a dollop of yogurt.
I would give this ten stars if I could- it was that excellent and popular! It is spicy enough that my lover of hot food enjoyed it and I, who doesn't like anything other than spicy but never hot flavor, both enjoyed it tremendously. You can feel heat but it never burns. The spice mix is excellent and it creates a wonderful sauce that is semi-thickened. I did change the yogurt to 1/2 cup and I added 1 cup of sour cream into the sauce. I knew that would fit my family tastes more closely- but it would still be excellent without. Well done! I made it, but changed the cooking order. I first pressure cooked chicken with 1.5 c. chicken broth. Then removed the chicken and cut into pieces.  I used boneless breasts. I assembled the sauce ingredients and seasonings, stirred a little into real sour cream to temper sauce, then poured it all back into Instant pot on the keep warm setting.  It was delicious!  Next time I have dinner guests I will make this dish.   I did not have arabiata sauce on hand.  I added red pepper flakes to add zip! 4 Yum yum in my tum tum! I really didn’t know what to expect with this dish, but it surpassed any expectation. It was delicious with no changes beyond using regular spaghetti sauce instead of arrabbiata because I couldn’t find any at the store. Will definitely make again!! My husband and I made this dish. We went to the food pantry last Friday and we were given a fully cooked turkey breast. We were also given several packages of pasta sauce and plain yogurt. Last week we were given a bag of very small onions. We didn't have garlic cloves but I did have granulated garlic, so that's what I used. We cubed 2 lbs of turkey breast, used apple cider vinegar, no parsley. We cooked it in our skillet. It turned out awesome. I would give this ten stars if I could- it was that excellent and popular!  It is spicy enough that my lover of hot food enjoyed it and I, who doesn't like anything other than spicy but never hot flavor, both enjoyed it tremendously.  You can feel heat but it never burns.  The spice mix is excellent and it creates a wonderful sauce that is semi-thickened.  I did change the yogurt to 1/2 cup and I added 1 cup of sour cream into the sauce.  I knew that would fit my family tastes more closely- but it would still be excellent without.  Well done! I liked it, but it is a very one dimensional flavor. I liked the plain yogurt as a topping, however, my daughter and son both said they would have preferred sour cream. Surprisingly spicy. By that I mean, "well spiced" rather than "hot."  We didn't shred the chicken but cut it on our plates.
