French Toast Sticks
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/280405/french-toast-sticks/
Mix eggs, powdered sugar, milk, maple syrup, brown sugar, and cinnamon together in a bowl with a fork until well blended. Dip each bread stick into the egg mixture. Coat a skillet with nonstick spray and heat over medium heat. Place sticks in the hot skillet and cook until brown, 2 to 3 minutes; turn over and cook until browned on other side, 2 to 3 minutes more. Repeat with the second batch.
8.5.20 First, I wouldn’t change a thing in this recipe, that’s how good it is. The powdered sugar was an interesting addition to the egg batter…it worked! I had a few pieces of brioche bread left, so I think that made these french toast sticks even better. They browned up beautifully just with the butter-flavored nonstick cooking spray, no butter needed. Served with sugar-free syrup, but the recipe submitter is right, you really don’t need it, and I most likely won’t use it in the future. I also like the way the nutrition info breaks down, so this can be enjoyed guilt-free. Quick, easy, and tasty breakfast enjoyed this morning with a cup of coffee and some fresh cantaloupe. cole332002, thanks for sharing your recipe, I wouldn’t change a thing! I made this it tasted really good but i'd use a tad bit less sugar next time and i wouldnt reccomend over eating this unless you want a stomach ache This is my first time on this website and I made this and my family loved it. I will make this more often and since it was simple, fast and tasty, I give five stars. Delicious and not to be missed! I usually pass on French toast due to soggy middle. But this solves that problem. As per several of the suggestions from other reviewers, here are my tips. LOW heat. The sugar in the mixture will burn on contact with higher heat. Start low and gradually increase if needed. Cooking on low also gives the egg time to set up. I did double the milk and add a tsp of vanilla. To have the best consistency, I put all ingredients in the blender. Dip the bread quickly and put into the hot skillet immediately. Letting the bread soak will make it soggy and fall apart. As for servings, I’d say 2-3. By adding extra milk, I was able to use another slice or two of bread without affecting the taste. Don’t pass this recipe by!!! It was very easy to make! The taste is pretty good, next time I'll add some vanilla. Definitely need much bigger batches as I didn't have enough for all the bread. Quick and easy! I love it! Tastes AMAZING! Only thing is that if you have a gas stove, I repeat, DO NOT use it on medium heat. My toast slightly burnt but I would say use low for cooking! Overall great recipe!!! I love this recipe I would highly recommend them! My whole family loved them! : ) These ar amazing.  I made them ahead and then froze them for the grandkids.  They LOVED them!  Easy to microwave when needed. I didn’t change a thing. These were a HUGE hit! Easy peasy!! My pan was a little hotter than it should have been so mine came out a little more brown. However, the flavor is delicious! I will definitely make these again. You don't need anything extra. The recipe is great as it is stated. I added powdered sugar over the top just because it looks a little fancy.
