Mediterranean Orzo Salad
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/280504/mediterranean-orzo-salad/
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook orzo in the boiling water, stirring occasionally until tender yet firm to the bite, about 9 minutes. Drain well. Rinse with cold water and drain well again. Combine orzo, cherry tomatoes, red onion, cucumber, olives, and Asiago cheese in a large bowl. To make the vinaigrette: Whisk garlic, olive oil, red wine vinegar, lemon juice, salt, and pepper together in a small bowl; drizzle over orzo mixture and toss lightly to combine. Add basil and parsley and mix well. Let sit for 20 minutes for flavors to blend, stirring occasionally.
This is a super summer salad, fresh and delish. I would though reduce the amount of red wine vinegar by a little as it was too vinegar-y for us (a little baking soda helped as a quick fix to cut that though - I Googled it). And I did add more cheese (fyi, I didn't have asiago so I used feta - which I associate more with Greek food myself). You can never have too much cheese right? Tomberry tomatoes (the cute little itty bitty tomatoes - whole, not cut) I had on hand was also a fab substitution - didn't have cherry or grape). Substitutions are fun - welcome to C-19 cooking! Definitely will make this again though. A big hit. Made as directed. Enjoyed by all Very good recipe! I always add more spice. I added the red wine vinegar to my bowl. I liked this added tang. next time i make it im going to halve the vinegar and use less oil, more cheese, and add more veggies When a basic recipe is this good, it invites experimentation.  Like others, I tweaked it.  The addition of quartered baby artichoke hearts and feta cheese, and the subtraction of olives and Asiago were harmonious with the cucumber.Also edited the vinaigrette to include 1/2 t. of sugar.  Didn't have quite enough red wine vinegar so I q.s.-ed with rice vinegar.This salad would be a great choice to take to a gathering, winter or summer.  It went well with our crispy skin roast chicken. Yum- what a home run! We don’t like olives so we used toasted pine nuts. We didn’t have fresh basil, so we used dried. A winner to have with our Mediterranean dinner menu! I  made it as is and loved it.     The asiago cheese was a bit strong for my taste, and got stronger as the salad sat in the fridge a few days.  I enjoyed it but would cut back on the cheese next time. Fantastic recipe. Made a few changes, used 3/4 cup Kalamata olives, Vidalia onion 100 ml EVOO, 100 ml Red wine vinegar,1 tbl lemon concentrate, 2 tbls dried basil, and added craisins, used Feta instead of Asiago. Will add red grapes and walnuts next time. A family of 3 ate the whole thing today, and I am making another batch tomorrow for lunches for the week. This was a hit at our 4th of July cookout!  For next time, I am substituting black olive for green, reducing the red wine vinegar  to 1/8 cup and EVO to 1/4 cup.  I made it with Kalamata Olives and coupled with the vinegar, it was a bit strong for our family.
