Pecan Chicken Salad
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/280690/pecan-chicken-salad/
Mix mayonnaise, Greek yogurt, vinegar, garlic powder, thyme, and maple pepper together in a bowl until well combined. Add chicken, celery, pecans, and red onion; stir well to incorporate. Serve immediately or refrigerate for up to 3 days.
I add a chopped up Granny Smith apple and sometimes I will add sliced grapes. I have also tried with dried crasins Because of pantry issues I had Italian seasoning instead of thyme, lemon juice instead of vinegar crushed dried garlic instead of powder and some sweetened dried cranberries that just caught my eye.  Oh and my onion is yellow.  That's how forgiving this excellent recipe is!  I am going to try really hard to give it a couple of hours before I eat it on a bed of Romaine leaves... I shall make this again someday!  Perhaps for people. I really like! Even the Hubby liked it. I added apple like so many others. Subbed McCormick's for Park Hill since we don't have that in this region. It needed salt and I added a dash of tarragon. I will make this again for sure! Very easy and tasty! I can't believe how good this is! I really was just looking for something to do with left overs from a whole chicken, mostly breast. I didn't have celery so I increased the pecans to  1/2C and I put in about 2T additional onion. I served it in puff pastry shells, I'm sorry now that I didn't take a picture.  I will make this a standard for left over chicken, it's sooooo good! Delicious added chopped apples Outstanding!  My friend tasted it and said that it was the best chicken salad that she had ever had!! Traditionally I ate chicken salad, with hard boiled eggs,chopped chicken,mayonnaise, and onion, and chopped celery. I really liked the ingredients to this chicken salad with the toasted pecans, and maple flavor seasoning. I couldn't find the maple pepper seasoning ,so I had to substitute McCormick's Grill Mates Smoke House Maple seasoning. I added a full teaspoon, then the recipe states half a teaspoon for the maple pepper.  I also added a small apple chopped and 2 tablespoons of chopped dried cranberries.  The flavors are better when refrigerated as leftovers for the next day.
