Maple-Roasted Chicken Thighs
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/280867/maple-roasted-chicken-thighs/
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line a 10x15-inch baking pan with foil. Whisk together maple syrup, thyme, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a small bowl. Set aside. Toss together sweet potatoes, Brussels sprouts, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl. Set aside. Brush chicken with remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil; sprinkle with remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Arrange chicken, skin-side down, in the center of the prepared pan. Arrange sweet potato mixture around chicken. Roast in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Turn chicken over; brush chicken, sweet potatoes, and Brussels sprouts with maple syrup mixture. Continue to roast until sweet potatoes are tender and chicken is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 15 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of chicken near the bone should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Sprinkle with pecans and cranberries to serve.
Made this from the magazine. It was excellent. Instead of wedges, I cut the sweet potatoes into 1 inch cubes and used boneless chicken thighs, which is what I had. I might have done something wrong because it took much longer than 30 minutes for me. But overall, very good and definitely would make again. 👍👍 and made per instructions. Perhaps next time I'll try some of the variations suggested. This was an easy to follow recipe and turned out delicious. I doubled the sauce, as others recommended.  In the spring, when brussels aren't in season, I make it with broccoli and cauliflower, and it's equally great. Like suggested by others, i tripled the sauce portion and I am glad i did.  This recipe was absolutely a family favorite.  We used the suggested brussels and sweet potatoes and cut the potatoes into cubes, because i worried about the cooking times with the wedges.  I turned out perfect.  A repeat in my house for years to come!! I agree with the other reviewers who suggested doubling or tripling the sauce amount. Otherwise very tasty. Very nice flavor profile.  I tripled the sauce as some other reviewers suggested and it was just right in my opinion!  Used BNLS/SKNLS thighs and that was fine.  Also cubed the sweet potato instead of wedges.  About 1.5lb sweet potato, and about 1.5lb chicken thigs.Will definitely add this to the dinner rotation! The whole family gave it a thumbs up! Very good. But you need to double the sauce. Wonderful Autumn medley--the colors, the flavors, the crunch!!  I add 2 crowns of broccoli for the 2 folks who don't like Brussies and the rest of us eat the Brussies--everyone is happy.  So easy to throw together and it sets the mood for the season.  The only thing I change is to use sugar-free syrup for my diabetic husband and the taste is still great.
