Sweet and Spicy Jerk Shrimp
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/280868/sweet-and-spicy-jerk-shrimp/
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line two 10x15-inch baking pans with foil. Peel and devein shrimp, leaving tails intact if desired. Rinse shrimp and pat dry. Gently toss shrimp together with pineapple, bell peppers, red onion, jalapeno, oil, and jerk seasoning in a large bowl. Divide mixture between the prepared pans. Roast in the preheated oven until shrimp are opaque, about 15 minutes. Sprinkle with cilantro and serve with brown rice and lime wedges.
This recipe is amazing as it is listed. But I knocked it up a few notches with simple changes. I used coconut oil in place of olive oil. Went heavier with the Jamaican Jerk seasoning. And in stead of water to boil for the rice I used the pineapple juice from can and some mango juice for the rest of the volume. Yummy, try it you will love it. I made this recipe with chicken.  I used boneless skinless chicken breast and cut them into strips.  It was delicious This recipe is amazing as it is listed. But I knocked it up a few notches with simple changes. I used coconut oil in place of olive oil. Went heavier with the Jamaican Jerk seasoning. And in stead of water to boil for the rice I used the pineapple juice from can and some mango juice for the rest of the volume.  Yummy, try it you will love it. My family loved this! Second time making this.  I made a few adjustments based on what I had.  I didn't have any jalapenos, so I added crushed red pepper to the shrimp mixture.  I had some left-over cilantro lime rice which I reheated with some of the pineapple juice. It's a keeper. The flavors were amazing together! It was really good. The only thing I would change is cooking longer at a lower temperature. The 425 degree oven absolutely killed the veggies Not good. The pineapple overwhelms the shrimp. If you have access to off-the-boat wild shrimp, don’t do this to them! Very easy....might spice it up a bit differently but a great summer dish Super easy and it turned out better than expected. We saved a bit of the pineapple juice for the rice since we were limeless. Broiled it for the last few minutes to add some color.
