Air Fryer Tilapia with Fresh Lemon Pepper
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/280935/air-fryer-tilapia-with-fresh-lemon-pepper/
Preheat the air fryer to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C) for 3 minutes. Meanwhile, rinse tilapia fillets and pat dry with a paper towel. Mix together lemon zest, olive oil, garlic, pepper, and salt in a small bowl until well combined. Rub over tops of fillets, then sprinkle lightly with paprika. Lightly coat the air fryer basket with cooking spray. Arrange fillets evenly in the basket, spice-side up. Do not crowd; if needed, cook in batches. Cook in the preheated air fryer until fish flakes easily with a fork, 7 to 10 minutes. Remove fillets to a plate and garnish with parsley. Serve with lemon wedges.
Don't have an air fryer so I pan-seared the filets with the pan covered. 3 minutes and PERFECT!!!! Pretty good! I cut back on the pepper to 1/4 tsp and it was just right. The fish was moist and crisp. The parsley and lemon squeeze at the end added extra flavor. I went the full 10 minutes and it was perfect.  We didn't have a lemon so I used Lawry's Lemon pepper in place of the zest and pepper/salt.  It was great but would have been better I am sure with fresh zest! Don't have an air fryer so I pan-seared the filets with the pan covered.  3 minutes and PERFECT!!!! Delicious and simple recipe! Definitely will be cooking this more often. This was so easy and really good! Even easier because I had some lemon pepper handy and didn't need to make my own. Good to know how easy it would be to make some, though. Roasted some Brussels sprouts and did some egg noodles, a little Pinot Gris, and it was all good. This dish was delicious and super easy. Had just two filet and cut my seasoning in half and it turned out delicious!  Will be making it again!  Thank you! I do not use my air fryer as often as I would like but I decided to try this recipe and it did not disappoint.  I did not have lemon zest and substituted it with 1 of lemon juice.  It was easy and delicious.  Thank you. Only change I made was didn't add salt because on a salt free diet. It was still very good.  I had to make it in 2 batches and only cooked it for 8 min.
