Easy Sheet Pan Beef Bulgogi
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/281136/easy-sheet-pan-beef-bulgogi/
Slice steak across the grain as thinly as possible. Whisk soy sauce, brown sugar, fish sauce, ginger, sesame oil, chili paste, sesame seeds, and garlic together in a large bowl until combined. Add steak and toss to evenly coat. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and marinate in the refrigerator for 1 hour to overnight. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Remove steak from the refrigerator and bring to room temperature. Coat a sheet pan with cooking spray. Arrange onion and sugar snap peas on one side of the prepared sheet pan. Drizzle with enough olive oil to coat; season with salt and black pepper. Remove steak from marinade and shake off excess; place on other side of the prepared sheet pan. Discard remaining marinade. Bake in the preheated oven until steak is slightly charred on edges, 10 to 12 minutes. Garnish with green onions.
I am not much of a cook, and I didn't have all the ingredients, but the fact that the result was so fantastic tells me this recipe is very forgiving and very versatile. I didn't have fish sauce, brown sugar, chili paste or soy sauce. I added red pepper flakes instead of the chili paste and Liquid Coconut Aminos instead of the soy sauce. It was so ridiculously easy and tasted so good that I wanted to thank you for the recipe! My husband first words after trying this were, " Domn't lose this recipe!". It was great. I did have to make some changes. I didn't use fish sauce because I'm one of those people that dislike seafood so much that I can detect one drop in a pool full of water! Lol. Also, instead of flat iron steak, I used T-bone. Our local butcher had a great deal on it. It worked very well. I served with Asian cucumber salad and coconut rice. It was easy to put together. I marinated it overnight. Loved this recipe.  Delicious!  I used skirt steak, and it came out so tender and juicy...... Easy recipe to make. The sauce is very tangy. I would use low sodium soy and fish sauce. Omit added salt and use your favorite Mrs. Dash i loved it. easy peasy.. and tasted great. followed the directions. Only difference is i did not use flat iron steak. My store didn't carry that type so i substituted with something else.. but can't remember what it was called. Still very good. I'll do this one again. I’m gonna partially blame myself as I tried to double this recipe to feed the crowd I was serving but by doubling, the results were not the same (I believe). The meat didn’t crisp up (cooked more like hamburger) and the flavors? Only okay. If any sauce was supposed to be produced by this, it didn’t on my attempt and meant we had to add soy sauce per serving. Loved this idea but didn’t work out for us. Thanks anyways! Easy recipe, wonderful flavour. Found it easiest to cut the meat while still slightly frozen.  Didn’t make any recipe changes, it was great. I am not  much of a cook, and I didn't have all the ingredients, but the fact that the result was so fantastic tells me this recipe is very forgiving and very versatile.   I  didn't have fish sauce, brown sugar, chili paste or soy sauce.  I added red pepper flakes instead of the  chili paste and Liquid Coconut Aminos instead of the soy sauce.  It was so ridiculously easy and tasted so good that I wanted to thank you for the recipe! I had never heard of Bulgogi until last week, so I have nothing to compare this to, but I thought it was delicious and very tender.  I used a London Broil steak, flatiron was not available at my local store.  Will definitely make again!
