Smoked Chicken Drumsticks
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/281393/smoked-chicken-drumsticks/
Place drumsticks on a rack over a drip tray or baking sheet. Air-dry in the refrigerator, 8 hours to overnight. Preheat an electric smoker to 275 degrees F (135 degrees C) and add wood chips according to manufacturer's instructions. Brush drumsticks lightly with vegetable oil. Place drumsticks in a resealable plastic bag and sprinkle with the rub. Toss to coat evenly. Place drumsticks on the rack in the smoker. Smoke until chicken has reached an internal temperature of 165 degrees F (74 degrees C), about 2 hours.
I am the recipe creator and just a note on cook time. Yes, the legs will very well be done before the 2 hour mark, however, the point of leaving them in longer is to get a good amount of smoke flavor on them. In addition, the use of chicken drumsticks ensures the meat won't dry out and can therefore accept a longer smoke time. If you prefer yours with a light smoke flavor, feel free to take them out when they reach 165F. Enjoy! Very tasty. I made 12 legs, 6 with rub and 6 with rub and Open Pit BBQ Sauce.  After 2 hours I still not reach 165 internal temp, so I threw them on the grill.  No worries as I wanted to crisp them up.  Those with the sauce were a bit more tasty, but I’m not complaining about either ones. Sent it as per recipe using my selected seasonings. Got to temp in around 1.5 hr. But sent it for the full 2 hrs. Because any real bbqer only follows recipe to their own choice. Finished in the air fryer on max crisp approx 3min. Perfection. These were a hit with my guests. I smoked the full 2 hours to get more smoke flavor, as suggested by recipe creator. I then brushed a thin layer of bbq sauce and threw them on the grill to get a bit of char. Cheap to make for a crowd too. next time i will try the rub suggested in the recipe. Misleading cooking time.   Mine took maybe 50 minutes tops.   The rub I used was spicy and heavy on the chili powder [not fault of recipe creator] Followed the recipe exactly, using an electric smoker and a temp monitor (so my process was fairly precise). These were done in about 35 minutes, so I have no idea why the recipe says it should take 2 hours. I had hoped this technique would give me the crispy skin, but unfortunately it was still tough. However, the meat was smoky, moist and delicious. I am the recipe creator and just a note on cook time. Yes, the legs will very well be done before the 2 hour mark, however, the point of leaving them in longer is to get a good amount of smoke flavor on them. In addition, the use of chicken drumsticks ensures the meat won't dry out and can therefore accept a longer smoke time. If you prefer yours with a light smoke flavor, feel free to take them out when they reach 165F. Enjoy! The rub I used was a bit hotter than expected. The drumsticks cooked quicker than suggested. Still easy to do and tasted pretty good. I can adjust those thing for the next time.
