Easy Sheet Pan Greek Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/281413/easy-sheet-pan-greek-chicken/
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Toss chicken, potatoes, bell peppers, onion, oil, and garlic together in a large bowl until well combined. Transfer mixture to a large sheet pan and spread into a single layer. Squeeze lemon wedges over top, then place spent wedges onto the sheet pan. Sprinkle oregano over top, then season with salt and pepper. Add Kalamata olives. Bake in the preheated oven until potatoes are fork-tender and chicken breasts are no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 25 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of chicken breasts should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
This was fantastic! My family LOVED it!!! Only change I made was to cook it longer. Had to cook 45 minutes. I will definitely be making this often! I read reviews first and am glad I did. I parboiled the potatoes to make sure they were done at same time as the chicken. I halved the recipe, cut the chicken into chunks (not bite-sized), and used a Greek seasoning instead of plain oregano also based on user comments. 25 minutes and chicken was 162° and by time plates were ready the temp was 166°. Served with a topping of chunky feta cheese. Made this using all of the ingredients listed. It was delicious. I'm not a fan of overly pungent seasoning so this one was spot on.  However, having made several sheet-pan type recipes in the past, I know to do them in stages.  I start with the potatoes, depending on the size I give them around a 15-20 minute head start before adding the rest of the items.  This method has never failed me. Based on what others said I microwaved my baby potatoes (12 of them) for 5 minutes. I then cut them in half. I cut the peppers and onions into wedges and followed the recipe.(8 wedges from each pepper total of 16, and 16 wedges of onion) so picky people could pull them out.  I then baked for 30 min.   Cooked perfectly! Great flavors, so healthy, and very easy to make! If you're questioning whether to try this recipe, don't hestitate. The only change I made was I used sweet potatoes instead of regular poratoes. It was delish! We will definitely have this dish on a regular basis. This recipe needs reworking, both in seasonings and process.  The chicken is done far earlier than the vegetables:  If you use sheet pan simplicity -- the whole point of a sheet pan meal -- you'll either have perfect chicken and raw vegetables or dry chicken and perfect vegetables.  We found the seasoning to need a boost.  I'll probably pick another version of this sheet pan meal next time. so yummy This fit the diet my husband is on for heart and blood pressure. So easy for something so darn good!! I just made this for dinner tonight and my mom and I just finished our plates, oh man, this was so delicious and so easy to make. The only difficulty I had was finding the kalamata olives in my grocery store but a nice employee helped me find them. This was my first time making this or any sheet pan dinner like this and while the rest of the family haven't gotten home yet to have dinner, I'd say this was a hit. I imagine we'll be adding this to our usual rotation of dinners we have maybe once a month or more often. People. Par boil your potatoes and you'll never have under cooked potatoes again.
