Sheet Pan Seafood Boil
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/281435/sheet-pan-seafood-boil/
Remove grit from clams by soaking in salt water for 20 minutes. Repeat this step twice. Scrub shells clean. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Melt butter in a medium saucepan over low heat with garlic, Cajun seasoning, seafood seasoning, and cayenne until garlic is fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from heat. Place clams, shrimp, crab, and lobster on a sheet pan. Add sausage and corn. Pour seasoned butter over and mix to ensure all is covered. Bake in the preheated oven until shrimp just turns opaque, clams open, and sausage is browned, 25 to 30 minutes.
We loved this recipe! It turns out so much better than boiling it for sure. I just make mine with clams, shrimp and andouille sausage. I also like to add some potatoes to ours and serve with crusty bread to soak up the juices. I make individual foil packets so everyone gets their own for dinner. Making it in the oven makes it so easy! For those saying this was too dry, use a large oven baking bag like one for a turkey. Put whatever seafood you want in it, and add a stick of butter and a good amount of crushed garlic and whatever other seasoning you want. Once you get all your seasoning in there and ingredients you want bundle up the bag tightly and cut off the excess over hang (you don't want it to puff up and touch your oven) place it in a large sheet pan and cook for about 15 - 20 minutes. I suggest not putting potatoes in there unless they are precooked because most crab is precooked, it only needs to be heated through and shrimp takes about 10 minutes, you don't want it to be over cooked. If you heat it longer the crab will be dry. Way to much work hubs said. I thought some of the crab & lobster were to dry from baking. Think I'll go with the boiled recipes instead. We also only used 1 head of garlic & that was enough & we like garlic. Food also got cold fast we thought so we couldn't enjoy the flavors or the food. This is a 5 star flavor but the ingredients and steps don’t totally make sense. Where do the kidney beans (1 tsp?) and the Castelvetrano olives go in? Into the butter sauce? At the end? Totally lost so skipped. Also, in step 3, talks about seafood seasoning but that’s not in the list of ingredients? I took this to mean Old Bay - which I added, and used 3/4 TBLS each of both Creole and Old Bay. Skipped the clams but used prawns - basically very large shrimp and added a rough chopped onion. Cook time was spot on (27 min) for the meatiness of the seafood I had.  We oohed and awwed at every bite. Better than any boil! We will absolutely make this again!  Thank you!! I substituted scallops for clams, but otherwise stuck to the recipe. The sauce to put on is the perfect mixture of New Orleans style spice. The recipe doesn't explain how to cook lobster (slice the shell) or the snow crab legs (wash and scrub and that's it). It's an expensive bake, but delicious and lasts for days. I was surprised that it made me actually like the corn on the cob! I will be doing this one again. We loved this recipe! It turns out so much better than boiling it for sure. I just make mine with clams, shrimp and andouille sausage. I also like to add some potatoes to ours and serve with crusty bread to soak up the juices. I make individual foil packets so everyone gets their own for dinner. Making it in the oven makes it so easy! Made it in the oven and on the grill! I may not go back to the "boil" again!
