Slow Cooker Cream Cheese Chicken Chili
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/281801/slow-cooker-cream-cheese-chicken-chili/
Place chicken at the bottom of a slow cooker; add corn, black beans, and diced tomatoes on top. Top with ranch dressing mix, chili powder, cumin, and onion powder; stir to combine. Place cream cheese on top. Cover slow cooker. Cook on Low until chicken is no longer pink in the center and juices run clear, 6 to 8 hours. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Shred chicken with 2 forks; serve.
Delicious! I started with 2 frozen chicken breasts and then shredded them with a fork about halfway through. I added one can of Great Northern beans (drained) and two chopped carrots. Topped with shredded cheddar. Even the husband loves it. I have made this several times, and I just increased the seasonings a bit. It’s been great every time! Thank you! I've never gotten such a positive reaction to making something for the first time. This is really good, with just enough kick to satisfy the spice-lovers, but not so much that the "pepper is my spice" crowd won't like it. We're going to get a LOT of use out of this recipe. By the way, I made it exactly according to the recipe. I made this and loved it!! I added northern beans and also jalapeños. We like spicy!! And it came out great. I served over white rice and topped it with cheddar cheese and a dollop of sour cream. So yummy. This was very easy to throw together. I used cream corn instead of whole kernel, and I used 6 oz cream cheese. The cream cheese stayed in little bits throughout the chili, but still very tasty. So easy to make, is perfect for dinner. We put in Hot Rotel, next time may use mild Rotel. We used the leftovers as a dip with tortilla chips. We will be making it again real soon. This recipe has an odd flavor.  I was shocked when I took my first bite!  I think the Ranch dressing is an odd ingredient. I needed to double the spices because it seemed bland but after that it was fine. My husband couldn't do the poultry so next time I'll just do beef but I liked it! This is so easy and tastes so good.  I added sliced mushrooms too.  It is easy and delicious!! Delicious! I started with 2 frozen chicken breasts and then shredded them with a fork about halfway through. I added one can of Great Northern beans (drained) and two chopped carrots. Topped with shredded cheddar. Even the husband loves it.
