Air Fryer Apple Crisp
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/281911/air-fryer-apple-crisp/
Preheat an air fryer to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) according to manufacturer's instructions. Butter a small oven-safe dish that will fit into the air fryer. Combine apples, water, sugar, cinnamon, and salt in a small bowl. Add to the prepared dish and cover tightly with aluminum foil. Place the dish inside the air fryer and set the timer for 10 minutes. Remove the foil and stir. Replace foil and set timer for another 10 minutes. Meanwhile, combine rolled oats, flour, brown sugar, and butter in a small bowl. Mix with a fork until crumbly. Open the air fryer and remove the foil. Sprinkle topping on apples. Close the air fryer and set the timer for 5 minutes. Remove apple crisp from the air fryer and cool slightly.
I diced the apples really small, but even so, they still seemed a little firmer than I prefer. Next time I’ll cook them a little longer and I’ll add some lemon juice to brighten it up a bit. I doubled the topping since I used an oblong dish. I really like that this serves only 2 and can be made in the air fryer. I ended up cooking for twice as long as what the recipe calls for but the result was great!  My air fryer has 2 drawers, so I doubled the recipe and made 2 pans at once.  Next time I will cut the apples much smaller. I added the 1/2 tsp plus butter to the apple mixture. I added 1 Tbsp finely chopped walnuts to the topping plus a dash or two to the topping as well. Super easy to make and flavorful. I left the butter off of the apples and just used it in the crumble. (Also used plant based butter) My air fryer is also a microwave (4 in 1) so I microwaved the apples for 3 minutes to save time then added the crumble on top and set it to air fry for 10 minutes at 350. Perfect. Thank you for a quick easy recipe. A+ and will be making it again and again. Worked perfectly! Thanks so much!The recipe can also be used as a guide for bread pudding. Bake the apples with a pat of butter for 10 min. Gently stir in your egg&milk-soaked bread cubes. Bake for another 20 min (I didn't cover the bowl again as I like it crispy). I diced the apples really small, but even so, they still seemed a little firmer than I prefer. Next time I’ll cook them a little longer and I’ll add some lemon juice to brighten it up a bit.  I doubled the topping since I used an oblong dish. I really like that this serves only 2 and can be made in the air fryer. This is fantastic! I had to adapt it to our diets by using buckwheat and quinoa flakes instead of oats, and I used vegan butter substitute.  The method is spot on. The apples were cooked but not mushy and the topping was crispy. Excellent!
