Beef Birria Queso Tacos with Consommé
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/282114/beef-birria-queso-tacos-with-consome/
To make the consommé: Stir beef birria sauce, chicken broth, carrots, celery, and cabbage together in a saucepan over high heat. Bring to a simmer, then reduce the heat to medium-low and simmer, occasionally brushing the caramelized bits (fond) off the side with the hot liquid, until vegetables are nice and tender and consommé has reached the desired consistency, about 20 minutes. Reduce the heat to low and keep hot while you prepare the tacos. To make the tacos: Heat some reserved beef fat in a large skillet over medium heat until melted. Add two tortillas and flip with a spatula until generously coated in fat. Toast briefly until golden brown, then cover with Monterey Jack cheese and some shredded beef. Drizzle each taco with about 1 tablespoon consommé liquid, then top with some white onion and cilantro. Fold tacos in half and press gently. Continue to cook, flipping back and forth, until browned and crispy, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to a plate and repeat to make remaining tacos, adding more fat if necessary. Ladle consommé into a bowl and garnish with any remaining white onion and cilantro. Squeeze lime wedges into consommé and serve with tacos.
Sensational! I totally missed the viral craze of the birria queso tacos but had some beef chuck to use so I made the stew and it was amazing. The next night we had these and the husband has never been happier. He decided this was the only thing we needed to eat moving forward. It is really good dipped into the consomé and I let mine reduce down a little more into a sauce but honestly, the tacos stand alone just as well. Don't sleep on the onion and cilantro - they add a really fresh boost to a super-rich taco. The whole thing is kind of a process but it makes so much food and ultimately is very much worth the time. Thanks, Chef John! I have a friend who has done business all over South America for decades. He said these are the best tacos he has ever had. I asked him a week later if he was just saying that to be agreeable. He said he was not, there really are the best.I used pork tenderloin. It cooked faster but there was no fat to cook the tortillas in. I’m going to include some unsalted butter this time. Wow!  Insanely good!  I followed the recipe exactly and it was perfect. Rich, flavorful, cheesy, beefy, and great chili consome. A lot of work and I made a huge mess on my stovetop, but 100% worth it! Best Birria ever -- and the tacos are indeed the best part.  For simplicity, I often serve with a fresh tomatillo salsa instead of consommé and it is just as good.  My suggestion -- use a super high-quality stone-ground corn tortilla if you are buying them.  Cheap grocery store-bought ones are not the same. Sensational! I totally missed the viral craze of the birria queso tacos but had some beef chuck to use so I made the stew and it was amazing. The next night we had these and the husband has never been happier. He decided this was the only thing we needed to eat moving forward. It is really good dipped into the consomé and I let mine reduce down a little more into a sauce but honestly, the tacos stand alone just as well. Don't sleep on the onion and cilantro - they add a really fresh boost to a super-rich taco. The whole thing is kind of a process but it makes so much food and ultimately is very much worth the time. Thanks, Chef John! Great stew, but even better tacos!  Absolutely the best tacos I’ve ever made.  Be sure to make the consommé to dip the tacos.  And use corn tortillas rather than flour for better flavor.  We usually use flour tortillas, but for this recipe, corn is the way to go. Excellent ! Made the stew the day before and then the tacos the next day. The tacos deserve 10 stars! I made the Beef Birria stew which was fantastic.  I then turned the leftovers into this taco dish.  Again it was absolutely fantastic.  Chef John is the man.Next time I make this recipe, I think I'm going to turn the leftovers into an Enchilada dish instead of tacos.  As amazing as the tacos were, they were super messy, both to make and to eat.  I feel like they'll taste exactly the same and be much neater to eat with a knife and fork.  Either way, this was a truly outstanding recipe and I'm already thinking about the leftovers I have for lunch tomorrow :) Best thing I've ever made.  Chef John is a national treasure.
