Honey Garlic Chicken Thighs
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/282124/honey-garlic-chicken-thighs/
Season chicken on both sides with salt and pepper. Heat olive oil in a cast iron skillet over medium-high heat. Add chicken and brown on one side, 3 to 5 minutes. Flip chicken and add onion and garlic; continue to cook until chicken is mostly (but not fully) cooked and onion and garlic are soft, 5 to 7 minutes more. Remove chicken to a plate. Add honey, soy sauce, onion powder, and garlic powder to the skillet. Stir and scrape the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon to get garlic and onion to mix with the liquid. Return chicken to the skillet, cover, and reduce heat to medium. Cook until no longer pink in the center and juices run clear, about 10 more minutes, turning once halfway through. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of a thigh should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Arrange chicken on a serving plate and drizzle liquid from the pan on top. Sprinkle with cilantro to serve.
This dish is delicious! My husband said it's the best new recipe I've made in at least two years. I only did a couple things differently, but they are just personal preferences and did not change the flavor of the dish. I removed the chicken thighs to have more room for the onion and garlic. I let those cook in the sauce until they had cooked down a little and then added the chicken back. I let the thighs simmer in the sauce for about an hour uncovered to get them nice and tender and to let the sauce thicken a little, but I'm sure they would be fine sooner if you didn't want to wait that long. I served them with rice and steamed broccoli. There was plenty of sauce to drizzle over the broccoli, which is always a plus. This was truly as good, or actually better, than Chinese take-out. This is a keeper! Did not added cilantro even though I love it, but did not had any and was very hungry, will definitely make it again, thank you. No changes. So tasty AND easy. This recipe is so delicious! While I used bone-in, skin-on chicken thighs, I already have plans for plain chicken breast, rice, and broccoli with this delicious sauce. The honey and garlic are sensational with the soy sauce. My family LOVED this! My husband said it's the best new recipe I've tried in a long time! (I read another review that said the same thing). I substituted the honey with Agave and cut that in half.  I would probably not salt the chicken before placing the chicken in the skillet because the soy sauce is salty. I was tempted to squeeze a bit of orange and add a bit of cayenne pepper to give it a jump but my husband told me not to change a thing!I served with corn.  I felt like it needed something extra. Maybe serve it with rice next time too. This kinda of no longer makes it a one-skillet meal. All five of my kids devoured this without a complaint. It was extremely juicy and delicious. We also had some white rice and used the juices to pour on the rice. One of our “go to” recipes for chicken! I typically cook this dish once a month or so.  Add rice and stir fried veggies… oh boy. I do like adding carrots and a few diced potatoes before adding the chicken back in. The wife complains of starches (rice & potatoes) together. I like it though. I didn't have any fresh cilantro so I used a little dried. Don't remember tasting that much, but even without it, we thought it was incredibly delicious.
