Chicken Pot Pie with Puff Pastry
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/282173/chicken-pot-pie-with-puff-pastry/
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Melt butter in a 2-quart saucepan over medium heat. Stir in flour, onion, salt, and pepper. Cook, stirring constantly, until mixture is bubbly, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in chicken broth and milk; bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Boil and stir for 1 minute. Stir in chicken, peas, and carrots and remove from the heat. Roll both sheets of puff pastry into 12-inch squares. Ease 1 sheet into the bottom of an ungreased 9-inch square pan, then pour chicken mixture on top. Place remaining pastry over the chicken mixture. Turn pastry edges under and flute. Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, about 35 minutes.
Tasted great BUT; 425 degrees burned my pie. I am so glad I checked after 20 minutes. There were quite a few spelling errors in the recipe. I added a couple of potatoes like someone suggested and a bit of garlic. Wish that there was a video for the bottom crust as my puff pastry was very elastic. Super easy. I usually make this with frozen pie crust, but the puff pastry is much better. I also add 1 tsp of mustard powder when I add the broth. It doesn't add mustard flavor, but adds something rich to the base. Either cut the temperature to 375 or shorten the baking time by 10 minutes. I added more butter, flour and a can of Campbell condensed onion soup, frozen mix vegetables and fresh cubed potatoes. I only used (1) frozen 12oz bag of peas and carrots and my pie was full.  Except for the bottom crust not being done, this was excellent!  5 stars for flavor.  I baked it for 15 minutes and then covered the top with foil because it was very done, then baked for another 30 minutes, but the bottom is still not quite done enough.  Next time I will prebake the bottom crustfor 25 minutes. Tasted great BUT;  425 degrees burned my pie.  I am so glad I checked after 20 minutes.  There were quite a few spelling errors in the recipe.  I added a couple of potatoes like someone suggested and a bit of garlic.  Wish that there was a video for the bottom crust as my puff pastry was very elastic. This was actually very good, but I couldn’t give it four stars because the recipe called for way too much liquid. I had added half the liquid to the pan when I realized it just wasn’t going to thicken enough. So I made a slurry with more flour, and added that to the remaining liquid. In addition, I sautéed some herbs with the veggies (oregano, rosemary, poultry seasoning). Using the puff pastry worked quite well and made a tasty difference to a chicken pot pie.
