Impossible Stuffed Peppers
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/282235/impossible-stuffed-peppers/
Combine water and rice in a saucepan; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until rice is tender and water has been absorbed, 20 to 25 minutes. Meanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a medium pot. Add 1/2 of the onion, 1/2 of the poblano, and 1/2 of the garlic; sauté for 3 minutes. Stir in black beans and 1/2 of the tomatoes. Cover and simmer for 5 minutes. Stir cooked rice into black bean mixture. Season with cumin, chipotle, and salt. Set aside. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Heat remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a skillet. Add remaining onion, poblano, and garlic; sauté for 3 minutes. Add Impossible Burger; be sure to crumble well. Season with adobo and salt. Cook and stir until no longer pink, 5 to 6 minutes. Add black bean-rice mixture, spinach, and remaining tomatoes to the skillet. Mix well and simmer for 3 minutes. Cut tops off bell peppers and remove cores. Use a spoon to stuff each pepper with filling. Arrange in a baking dish. Bake in the preheated oven until peppers are tender, 15 to 20 minutes.
This recipe was delicious, but I did think it needed some streamlining to make it an easy weeknight dinner. First, I cooked the rice and kept it separate for serving. Next, I cooked all the veggies together (rather than breaking it into two separate sautés). All the veggies got added to the beans, which I used as my stuffing.I also didn't have all the ingredients on hand so I used jalapeño instead of poblano, arugula instead of spinach, and taco seasoning instead of the other spices and salt. I served it with a simple arugula and avocado salad, some of my buddy's hot sauce and my very favorite Peruvian Green Sauce from my blog, https://confessionsofagroceryaddict.com.It was DELICIOUS! My husband said they were his favorite stuffed peppers I've ever made, and I have to agree. YUM! I made it with ground beef. It took way way longer to prepare. Instructions should have you cook the rice first and while the rice is cooking, chop all the vegetables.  It was bland, even with all these ingredients. This was delicious.  I didn’t make any changes, just added some cheese to some.  I loved the flavor punch, texture and colors.  Excellent recipe.  I did modify by  making the “meat” mixture then adding the rice to save a pot.  When I baked it, I covered it.  I had a ton of mixture so after I filled the peppers, I just placed it around them in the pot. Bell peppers should be steamed a bit before stuffing, otherwise it takes forever for the cooking process. Also there’s really no moisture in this and it’s a bit dry. This was absolutely amazing. It’s going to be a regular in our dinner rotation. You would never guess it’s vegetarian. Great flavor...the adobo really adds good depth to the seasoning.  Make sure you buy peppers that will sit upright...mine were a little oddball shaped :) also I had enough stuffing for one extra pepper so maybe get an extra one just in case. I was pleasantly surprised by the meat substitute.  This recipe was very tasty. This was a wonderful surprise! I was stepping out of my comfort zone with these babies but really want healthier options at the dinner table and this sure did deliver! This recipe is going in the keeper files. My husband and I really enjoyed this recipe. I used canned tomatoes instead of fresh and didn't have a problem with it being dry. I also mixed in a little shredded cheese before stuffing peppers. The Impossible Burger had good flavor and texture.  I flash freeze the spinach in a baggie  and crumble it into tiny pieces, no chopping involved.   I will definitely use this recipe again. This was a good basic stuffed pepper recipe. The chipotle added a nice amount of heat but as written this was missing something for me.  I had 6 nice size peppers and had filling leftover. It would have made a great lunch but my meat loving husband ate it,lol. This recipe was delicious, but I did think it needed some streamlining to make it an easy weeknight dinner. First, I cooked the rice and kept it separate for serving. Next, I cooked all the veggies together (rather than breaking it into two separate sautés). All the veggies got added to the beans, which I used as my stuffing.I also didn't have all the ingredients on hand so I used jalapeño instead of poblano, arugula instead of spinach, and taco seasoning instead of the other spices and salt. I served it with a simple arugula and avocado salad, some of my buddy's hot sauce and my very favorite Peruvian Green Sauce from my blog, https://confessionsofagroceryaddict.com.It was DELICIOUS! My husband said they were his favorite stuffed peppers I've ever made, and I have to agree. YUM!
