Southern-Style Sawmill Sausage Gravy
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/282299/southern-style-sawmill-sausage-gravy/
Add sausage to a large skillet or heavy-bottomed pot over medium-high heat. Cook and stir with a spatula, breaking apart the sausage until cooked and starting to crisp, 5 to 7 minutes. Add butter, onion powder, and garlic powder; stir until butter is melted. Sprinkle flour over sausage and butter and stir until combined. Reduce heat slightly and cook until thick, 1 to 2 minutes. Pour in chicken stock, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Simmer until stock is absorbed and mixture is thickened, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in milk until gravy is hot and bubbly. Season to taste with salt and lots of freshly cracked pepper. If gravy becomes too thick, thin out with more milk.
Of all the things I cook, I seem to be gravy challenged but this recipe worked like a charm for me. It was pretty thick (which my husband prefers) so when I make it next I will add the milk and then turn the heat off and let it sit for a couple of minutes to thicken so that we meet in the middle as I prefer mine much thinner. Great flavor and a no fail method! I used 2 1/2 (instead of 3 1/2) cups of milk. Sawmill gravy should be thick!Otherwise, an excellent recipe. This is an excellent recipe.  Absolutely delicious! Recipe sounds spot on! The only thing missing was the well-seasoned "IRON SKILLET" – a true southern oft used possession in the cupboard! Makes a huge difference in the outcome of your gravy. After years of using another good recipe from this site, I wanted to try something different and this one is GREAT!  Thank you for sharing! This was good...I don't see that the chicken broth added to the flavor any...I used 2 cups of milk. I am a certified sausage gravy snob and this was amazing. My mom makes the BEST ever and this was pretty darn close! Easy recipe, and sausage was super tasty. I love Jimmy Dean already. Do not miss this recipe.Next time I may try spicing it up a bit more! This was so flavorful! This recipe will replace the one I’ve been using for years. It’s excellent, easy and uses stuff you generally have in your cupboard. I can honestly say I have never had sausage and gravy but I am liking it.  This was creamy and delicious. This is seriously the best sausage gravy I have ever made! My husband loved it and can't wait for me to make it again. The chicken stock gave it a great flavor. The Jimmy Dean sausage cooked up nicely and wasn't overly greasy. Thanks for a keeper!
