Slow Cooker Sweet and Sour Chicken Thighs
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/282440/slow-cooker-sweet-and-sour-chicken-thighs/
Mix together 2 tablespoons cornstarch, garlic powder, and ground ginger in a medium bowl until well combined. Toss chicken thighs in cornstarch mixture until evenly coated. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir chicken in hot oil until browned, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate and set aside. Drain juice from the can of pineapple into a measuring cup. You should have approximately 3/4 to 1 cup juice. Mix together 1/2 cup pineapple juice, chicken stock, rice vinegar, brown sugar, ketchup, and soy sauce in a slow cooker until sauce is well combined. Add browned chicken and stir to coat. Cook on Low for 3 hours and 30 minutes. Whisk together remaining 1/4 cup pineapple juice with remaining 2 tablespoons cornstarch in a small bowl until combined. Stir into the slow cooker and increase heat to High. Add pineapple and bell pepper. Cook on High until sauce is bubbly and thickened and bell pepper is crisp-tender, about 30 minutes. Garnish with green onion to serve.
It was a hit. I added 1tsp of salt to the cornstarch/ginger/garlic mixture that the chicken got tossed in. I also found that finishing it in the slow cooker was a poor choice. I switched it to the stove top and that was the trick. This recipe is awesome and best of all it's very easy to make. The wife loved it as well! I will definitely be making this again. One hint: freeze the chicken thighs when you buy them and then put them in the fridge for thawing before retiring the night before you plan to make this meal. First thing in the morning, take them out of the fridge to be cut up into cubes. I find it the meat much easier to cut up when the chicken is partially frozen. Sooo delicious! Made it on the stovetop with chicken breast.Served with brown rice and sautéed veggies.  Definitely will make again. Used the above recipe in a cast iron skillet. My can of pineapples only gave me 1/2 cup of juice, but other than that used all the same ingredients. The green onion really helps to pull it together. loved it and will make again! This recipe was missing flavor. Definitely not on the make again list. Very disappointing! We loved it. I did follow someone who suggested to forget slow cooker and finish it in a pan. Thank You. It was very good. I didn't make a change.  The sauce didn't thicken up too much so I may try more cornstarch the next time. The dish was rather bland. Nice easy crockpot dinner
