Banana Pudding with Chessmen Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/282942/banana-pudding-with-chessmen-cookies/
Combine milk and pudding mix in a bowl. Whisk for 2 minutes. Combine condensed milk and cream cheese in a separate bowl; beat with an electric mixer until smooth. Fold in whipped topping. Slowly fold in pudding mixture. Layer 1/2 of the cookies in the bottom of a 9x13-inch pan. Top with 1/2 of the bananas, 1/2 of the pudding mixture, remaining bananas, remaining pudding mixture, and remaining cookies. Chill for 2 hours before serving.
This is rich and delicious. We loved it. Kinda fun to make and put together too. I could see kids wanting to help with it. I might have liked even more bananas but that about the only change I’d make. I made a similar one before but used homemade whipped cream to cut down on sugar/sweetness a little. I’ll definitely be making this one again. Company worthy. Best banana pudding!!! I did mine with 1 bag of chessman cookies and vanilla waffer cookies, DELICIOUS! This recipe is delicious and easy to follow.  The presentation is mouthwatering !  I loaded up on the bananas.  Needless to say, there was none leftover. I will never veer from using vanilla wafers in banana pudding again. The actual pudding part was delicious, now only if.... Didn't change it but is is very sweet I have been following this same exact recipe for over a decade and it is always a hit! I have even used 3 cups of milk (winging it of memory) and it was still delicious.  Over the last couple of years I have been adding more bananas and cookies, but that often depends on the pan or dish I am using.  I like to add fresh cookies the next and following day (if it is still around) because I like the crunchiness. This is rich and delicious. We loved it. Kinda fun to make and put together too. I could see kids wanting to help with it. I might have liked even more bananas but that about the only change I’d make. I made a similar one before but used homemade whipped cream to cut down on sugar/sweetness a little. I’ll definitely be making this one again. Company worthy. always a requested favorite for a holiday desert! Only changes made was cookies. Chessmen weren't available, and I used more bananas. All time favorite I made this for my Dad for Father's Day as he LOVES banana pudding and he thoroughly enjoyed it and wants again for his birthday!
