Sheet Pan Roasted Chicken Thighs with Brussels Sprouts
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/283301/sheet-pan-roasted-chicken-thighs-with-brussels-sprouts/
Clean and trim fat from chicken. Pat dry with paper towels. Place in a large bowl with Brussels sprouts, wine, sausage, shallots, lemon slices, garlic, oil, rosemary, fennel seeds, thyme, sage, sea salt, and pepper. Toss together with your hands and allow to marinate at room temperature, tossing occasionally, for at least 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 475 degrees F (245 degrees C). Spray a baking pan with nonstick spray. Pour chicken-vegetable mixture onto the prepared baking pan. Arrange thighs, skin-side up, over mixture. Roast in the preheated oven until thighs are browned, crispy, and no longer pink in the centers, 25 to 30 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Let rest for 5 to 10 minutes before serving.
Really very good. I doubled the sauce and it was enough. Veggies were delicious.Only negative was my fault. I got skinless thighs.We ate two and had two as leftovers. I'm glad I read the reviews first - my husband doesn't mind lemon in small doses so I only used 1/2 lemon, and like some others I doubled the marinade/liquid. We worked together to prepare this dish and we both truly enjoyed every bite! I love brussel sprouts, very easy to make, used chicken breasts. I love sheet pan dinners and this one was not a disappointment! I used skinless thighs and added potatoes. I prefer skin on, but hubby likes skinless. Baked a little longer at a 400 degrees! Fresh herbs from my garden. Served with a nice dry white wine! Delicious! Loved it! I got skinless too. Didn’t realize it. But still very tasty! Hubby & I liked it.  Our only comment is double the sausage and use a little less of the lemon slices.  The chicken and brussels are a good mix together.  I will definitely make it again. Really very good. I doubled the sauce and it was enough. Veggies were delicious.Only negative was my fault. I got skinless thighs.We ate two and had two as leftovers. I'm giving this recipe 5 stars for flavor and the lovely fresh ingredients. It's nice the recipe only needs the one sheet pan to bake, but it is a bit misleading if it appears to be easy or I should say, quick. There is a lot of prep work that is required for this recipe. It's not something you're just going to throw together quickly. If I have the time, no problem, but during the week with my schedule, I wouldn't be able to pull it off and still eat at a reasonable hour. It was absolutely delicious! My wife thought it was one of the best pan roasted chicken meals ever. This recipe was straightforward to make. The chicken came out really well and the Brussels sprouts had the right balance between crunchy and tender. In the future, I'd triple the sausage. I also found the lemon flavor a bit strong, so would try backing down to half a lemon.Another posted mentioned some balsamic vinegar. I think that would be a good variation.
