Easy Plum Cake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/283464/easy-plum-cake/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 10-inch springform pan. Combine sugar and butter in a large bowl and beat with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Add eggs, 1 at a time, and beat well after each addition. Combine flour, baking powder, and salt in a separate bowl and sift on top of the butter mixture; mix to combine. Transfer batter into the prepared springform pan and smooth out. Set plums inside batter, cut-side up, and sprinkle evenly with cinnamon-sugar. Bake in the preheated oven on the lowest rack until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 40 to 50 minutes. Serve warm or cool to room temperature.
When I put the batter in the pan, it was insufficient to cover the bottom of the pan, so I quickly made another recipe of batter to add on top. It took almost twice as long to bake, but was wonderful! 10/10!! Love it! Will this work with canned peach halves? I got this recipe from my grandmother. It is one of my favorite cakes that she made. I found some prune plums recently and actually made the cake. It has been years since I've made it. I enjoyed every bite. I’ve baked this plum cake  over and over. Always a treat! Everyone that had a slice loved this tasty dessert. It was moist , sweet and tangy . The plums were a perfect contrast and balanced out the sweetness . Received lots of compliments and I loved how simple it was to make .  I recommend making double the recipe . I read the previous feedback and based on this I doubled my quantity and  it was perfect. Very delicious. Loved the cinnamon sugar topping. Will definitely make this again. We made it gluten free by using g.f self raising flour and low fat olive spread! Worked out beautifully! When I put the batter in the pan, it was insufficient to cover the bottom of the pan, so I quickly made another recipe of batter to add on top. It took almost twice as long to bake, but was wonderful! 10/10!! Love it!
