Sheet Pan Beef Fajitas
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/283433/sheet-pan-beef-fajitas/
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Line a sheet pan with foil. Combine bell peppers, onion, 2 teaspoons oil, 3/4 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon chili powder, garlic powder, 1/4 teaspoon pepper, and 1/4 teaspoon cumin on the prepared pan; toss to coat. Spread veggie mixture around the sides of the pan creating a space in the center. Place flank steak in center of pan and brush with remaining 1 teaspoon oil. Sprinkle steak with remaining salt, chili powder, pepper, and cumin and rub to evenly coat. Bake in the preheated oven until veggies are tender and browned around the edges and steak is beginning to firm and is hot and slightly pink in the center, 12 to 14 minutes, or to desired degree of doneness. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of the steak should read 140 degrees F (60 degrees C) for medium. Transfer steak to a cutting board and rest, 5 to 10 minutes. Thinly slice steak and return to the sheet pan. Add lime wedges and serve with tortillas.
Delicious! Made it with beef stew meat so I didn't even have to cut the steak after cooking. Makes prep time quicker. I love sheet pan meals because you can just fold up the mess in tinfoil and voila! This came out exactly as stated--easy, quick and delicious. Great recipe ,the flavours were really yummy,I used taco shells,with lettuce salsa and cheese on top...Delicious,my family loves them...thanks for sharing. This turned out really well. I did do a couple things differently though.  Once I cut up the peppers and onion, I put it in a ziploc bag, drizzled olive oil over it and then added the spices+ seasoning salt and paprika. Then I mixed together.  For the meat, I butterflied/ slice it in half and then sliced into thin strips. Then I put that in a Ziploc bag, drizzled olive oil and added the seasonings + seasoning salt and paprika and mixed together.  Then I placed on the baking sheet like the instructions said, and it was done in about 15- 20 min. * I didn't add precise measurements but free handed it* All I can say is super easy and super delicious! Restaurant quality if not better! We did slice the steak to make it easier to serve from sheet pan to tortilla and, I wonder if i could save a step by mixing all the dried spices together and then sprinkle 1/4 of that over the onions/peppers and the rest over the meat? Maybe I will try next time to speed up prep? Either way; excellent as written and perfect for a hectic weeknight meal! Thank you Nicole! Love it. Very easy to make. Very easy recipe with lots of flavor! Delicious! Made it with beef stew meat so I didn't even have to cut the steak after cooking. Makes prep time quicker. I love sheet pan meals because you can just fold up the mess in tinfoil and voila! Yum. Totally great. Would be great for company, even! 450 for 15 minutes. My tortillas got damp because I didn't wrap them correctly in the foil and the marinade got in the packet  that I laid in the corner of the tray, but we didn't care. Easy and delicious. Cooked for 12 min and would maybe do 10 or 11 next time. Meat was tender and tasty.
