Everything Salmon Sheet Pan Dinner
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/283432/everything-salmon-sheet-pan-dinner/
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line a large, rimmed baking sheet with foil and coat lightly with cooking spray. Toss sweet potatoes with 2 teaspoons oil, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/8 teaspoon pepper in medium bowl. Place on one half of the prepared baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven for 5 minutes. While the potatoes are cooking, stir together Dijon, honey, and cayenne in a small bowl. Toss broccoli with remaining oil, salt, and pepper in a separate bowl. Remove potatoes from the oven. Add salmon to the other half of the baking sheet. Place 2 teaspoons of the mustard mixture on each salmon filet; brush evenly to coat, then sprinkle evenly with bagel seasoning. Add broccoli to the sweet potatoes. Return to the oven and bake until salmon flakes easily with a fork and the veggies are golden, about 12 minutes. Stir soy sauce into the remaining mustard mixture and drizzle over veggies.
Delicious BUT : In Step 5, 12 mins in oven is suggested. I wonder if that’s a typo, because I’ve made this recipe three times (it’s that good) ….trust me when I tell you 18 mins is best for the salmon, brocc, AND taters! A friend & I made this tonight and wow! It was delicious 😋 it had great flavors and was easy easy to make! Will definitely make it again! I portion every ones dish individaly but follow your receipe Delicious and filling. Worth putting in our monthly rotation. It was delicious! The only change was that I used spicy brown mustard instead of Dijon mustard and that was only because that was all I had on hand. I will make it again. Excellent. Had no potatoes on hand so I instead used bell pepper and red onions with the broccoli and cooked the entire meal about 20-22 minutes. It was delicious. The combination of the flavors and food was so good. Five star restaurant quality! Easy to prep, full of healthy veggies and beautiful presentation - we enjoyed the variety of flavors on the fish versus the vegetables. I would agree with a few minutes longer cooking both the potatoes and the whole tray. I diced my potatoes and used only a dash of cayenne pepper. Even my step-son asked me to make this again! - Nov '23 It was great. I never knew you could cook sweet potatoes that quickly. The cayenne added just the right amount of heat. A healthy, tasty meal.It was a cooked perfectly in the 12 minutes. My salmon filets were not very thick though. Note that the potatoes go in 5 minutes early. I just did the salmon portion and the topping was excellent.also added Old Bay seasoning.   Baked at 400 for approximately 20 minutes.
