Slow Cooker Beef Bourguignon
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/284549/slow-cooker-beef-bourguignon/
Heat butter and oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add beef and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned on all sides, 5 to 8 minutes. Brown beef in batches if necessary, making sure not to overcrowd the pan; otherwise, beef will not brown properly. Remove browned beef to the slow cooker. Add onions to the same skillet. Cook and stir until softened and beginning to take some color, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer onions to the slow cooker. Place the skillet back over medium-high heat and pour in 1/2 of the wine. Bring to a simmer, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Remove from heat and carefully pour into the slow cooker along with remaining wine. Add carrots, thyme, bay leaves, salt, and pepper. Cook on Low for 6 to 8 hours.
It is a good recipe but I am wondering why everything is cooked in a skillet then transferred to the slow cooker. I make it in my Dutch oven on the stove top. Cook it for the same amount of time, start to finish in the same pot. Seem easier to me. Just saying ... After following the recipe to a point we ended up with a nice dish , however i did make some changes to suit our tastes, I added leeks , mushrooms , a beef stock cube and thickened with corn flour before serving - next time I will omit the bay leaves as I found it made things slightly bitter and this needs to be balanced out in my kitchen 😊👍 Was very good both times I have made it.  I do not put in  the bay leaves though. I have made this recipe twice; the first time, strictly according to the recipe. It was good, but slightly bland- but the meat was flavorful and super tender. The second time, I sliced the onions finer and caramelized them before adding to the CrockPot. I also added a healthy amount of Worcestershire sauce, and a generous amount of freshly ground pepper and a teaspoon of Himalayan salt. I thickened it with a tablespoon of baking soda 30 minutes before serving and it was perfect! This recipe needs mushrooms. That's the original recipe from Julia Childs. loved it and will make it again.  I had to use top sirloin because there was no stew meant. Delicious and tender. I also added green peppers , mushrooms, celery and onions. I sautéed the veggies and added them at the very end. yummy I followed the directions precisely and while easy to prepare, both my husband and I thought it was bland.  We agreed it was a waste of a good bottle of wine! Pretty disappointing.  Lacks the spices I enjoy.  I stayed true to the recipe because it sounded so good. Also, I had to deglaze my fry pan twice as I browned my beef in four batches and deglazed after batch two and batch four.  Pan would have burnt had I waited.  I Used Shiraz but if I try this again, I'll use something a little sweeter.  This was screaming for some garlic. Perfect slow cooker recipe. Prepped it and let it sit in the refrigerator overnight. I wouldn't change a thing about the ingredients. The carrots were done after 3 hours in the pot so next time I will wait to put them in until the last 3 hours. This time I took them out and let them stay in the refrigerator until the stew finished. Very good recipe for stew meat, robust flavor and very easy to make.  I did add 2T corn starch mixed in a tad of water to thicken the sauce near the end. Served over mashed potatoes. Excellent
