Caramel-Apple Upside-Down Cake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/284958/caramel-apple-upside-down-cake/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line the bottom of a 9-inch nonstick cake pan with parchment paper. Place brown sugar, butter, and cinnamon for topping in a pan over medium heat. Watch closely and stir everly 30 seconds until the mixture boils. Meanwhile, place apple slices on top of the parchment paper in the cake pan. As soon as the topping boils, remove it from the heat, pour over the apple slices, and spread it out evenly. Mix sugar and butter for cake in a large bowl with an electric mixer until fluffy. Mix in eggs, vanilla extract, and almond extract until completely combined. Mix in baking powder, baking soda, and 1/3 of the milk. Add remaining ingredients as follows, mixing briefly after each addition: 1/2 of the flour, 1/2 of the remaining milk, remaining flour, and remaining milk. Pour batter into the pan. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 35 minutes. Remove from the oven and let sit for 5 minutes. Run a butter knife along the sides of the cake to separate it from the cake pan. Cut off the top of the cake with a serrated knife to flatten it. Invert on a cake plate and release cake. Serve hot or cold.
Delicious cake, but it would help if a few things were clarified in the recipe:The topping:  Assume the brown sugar was supposed to be packed.  This makes for a very thick sauce that started to bubble around the edges on stovetop almost immediately, even though the ingredients hadn't had a chance to dissolve yet.  I know from experience that if you overcook a caramel topping it will turn rock hard when cooled.  It did take me awhile to spread it over my apples because it was so thick.  I did add raisins and chopped nuts to the topping.The cake:  My 9" stick free cake pan was about 2" deep and dark in color. My cake started to turn a dark brown after about 27 minutes of baking, the top was firm to the touch, and my knife tested clean in the center.  I removed and cooled it as directed.  It looked great coming out of the oven.  However, once cooled it sunk in the middle and was raw except for the edges.  Definitely needed at least a 32 minute bake time.  I will make this again but will add a tablespoon of butter to the topping, will place a pie crust protector around the pan when it starts to brown, and will bake it for a full 32 minutes.
