That Zucchini Spaghetti Stanley Tucci Loves (Spaghetti alla Nerano)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/285205/that-zucchini-spaghetti-stanley-tucci-loves-spaghetti-alla-nerano/
Place sunflower oil in a deep fryer and heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Slice zucchini into 1/8-inch rounds. Add some zucchini to the hot oil and deep-fry until lightly browned, 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer to a single layer on paper towels to drain and repeat to cook remaining zucchini. Let zucchini cool to room temperature. Transfer cooled zucchini to a bowl. Cover and refrigerate, 8 hours to overnight. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook spaghetti in the boiling water, stirring occasionally, until it's 2 minutes away from being tender yet firm to the bite, 9 to 10 minutes. As you are cooking the spaghetti, heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add zucchini and salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until it starts to release juices, soften, and break down, 3 to 5 minutes. Add a couple splashes of the pasta water to the zucchini, but don't overdo it. Break zucchini into small pieces with the edge of a spoon or spatula. Reduce heat to low and toss in basil and butter; stir until butter melts. Grab spaghetti with tongs and transfer it right into the sauce; stir until coated. Mix in Pecorino Romano and Parmigiano-Reggiano cheeses. Add a final splash of pasta water and adjust salt if needed. Serve with more grated cheese and fresh basil.
I've made this a few times, and the recipe as written is incredibly good -- but I did find a way to make it a bit more healthy and a LOT easier: use a very large nonstick pan and coat it with a healthy spray of olive oil flavored Pam spray (or similar). Over high heat, put the zucchini in a single layer (VERY important) in the pan and cook until deep brown (it took me about 7 minutes for the first side and about 5 for the second). All stoves are different, so just keep an eye on it until you get the hang of it. Before flipping, give the uncooked sides another spray of the Pam. After all batches are done, proceed as described in the recipe.The results from this method are indistinguishable from deep frying, but your gall bladder and your butt will thank you :)Second Pro Tip: use a bit of pesto instead of the basil leaves. It's amazing! My tweak is to AIR FRY the zucchini not deep fry, healthier no oil.  I air fry for five minutes each side at 400 degrees.  Outstanding and no oil.  Crispier try eight minutes 450, don’t burn it…!  Keep everything else the same as in directions. Another staple of my family that I have been making for years.  Yes, frying the zucchini is time consuming but very worth it.  I use Pecorino only and offer red pepper flakes for those who like a kick. Had the opportunity to try the real thing on the Amalfi Coast. Had to give it a whirl and knew it would be a two day recipe. Used an air fryer for the zucchini but everything else the same. Definite keeper. Magnificent Love it! I used vegan cheeses  and vegan butter The zucchini frying is time consuming but worth it. I did not add cheese to the zucchini when making the sauce.  My family are not big cheese people, I only added grated pecorino romano to top of each serving.  Still delicious and very light. I have found this version to be the most accurate to Lo Scoglio of the different versions posted and that they serve. BECAUSE i CANT EAT DEEP FRIED FOOD TOO MUCH i USED MY AIRFRYER TO FRY THE ZUCHINI !
