Caramel Apple Loaf Cake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/285226/caramel-apple-loaf-cake/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x5-inch loaf pan. Beat sugar, applesauce, egg, oil, and vanilla with an electric mixer in a bowl until well combined. Sift flour, baking soda, cinnamon, and salt together in a second bowl. Add to sugar mixture and stir to combine. Fold in apples and nuts. Pour batter into the prepared loaf pan. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean, 45 to 55 minutes. Cool on a wire rack for 10 minutes. Remove from pan and cool completely. Combine brown sugar, butter, heavy whipping cream, and corn syrup in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil and cook, stirring constantly, for 1 minute. Let caramel cool, then drizzle over cake.
I made this exactly according to the recipe except I added not quite a T of cinnamon instead of a t. It came out perfectly.I thought it might be too wet due to the amount of apples but it has a nice moistness. It's fairly quick to make, especially because I use my KitchenAid apple peeler/slicer attachment to do the apples, then chop them. I served it with whipped cream only, no caramel sauce as I don't like that much extra sugar and the cake is plenty sweet enough on its own. It was a big hit with all of us, including the picky 6 year old who "doesn't like apples". He like these apples! Super moist and delicious. Thanks for sharing this yummy and easy loaf recipe. I did not use machine mixer though. I made this exactly according to the recipe except I added not quite a T of cinnamon instead of a t. It came out perfectly.I thought it might be too wet due to the amount of apples but it has a nice moistness. It's fairly quick to make, especially because I use my KitchenAid apple peeler/slicer attachment to do the apples, then chop them. I served it with whipped cream only, no caramel sauce as I don't like that much extra sugar and the cake is plenty sweet enough on its own. It was a big hit with all of us, including the picky 6 year old who "doesn't like apples". He like these apples!
