Sheet Pan Parmesan-Dijon Chicken Thigh Dinner
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/285712/sheet-pan-parmesan-dijon-chicken-thigh-dinner/
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line a large sheet pan or jelly roll pan with aluminum foil and coat with nonstick cooking spray. Mix bread crumbs and Parmesan cheese in a small bowl. Set aside. Place chicken thighs on the prepared baking sheet. Stir together butter and Dijon in a large bowl. Brush the tops of the chicken thighs with some of the butter-Dijon mixture. Add potatoes and green beans to the bowl and toss in the remaining butter-Dijon mixture. Spread vegetables around the chicken onto the baking sheet in an even layer. Season everything with thyme, salt, and pepper. Press the bread crumb mixture onto the top of the chicken thighs. Bake in the preheated oven until chicken is no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear and the potatoes can be pierced easily with a fork, 25 to 30 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
This recipe was amazing! I ended up making a bit more of the sauce to mix the veggies in. I seasoned everything with thyme, seasoned salt, and added some garlic salt to the chicken. I cooked it at 425 degrees for 35 minutes, and it was perfect! I forgot to use a non-stick spray on the foil, but it didn't need it, as the butter in the sauce made sure nothing stuck. I'll definitely be making this again. I made it once. Used Parmesan from a shaker so there’s that, but, I would add more of the herbs next time. We loved it. Very tasty. Thighs are perfect with this recipe. I loved the crunch of the Parmesan and bread crumbs. Potatoes and green beans were delicious. Too greasy. I followed the recipe. Good taste. Next time I will broil the chicken thighs at the end when finished cooking. Get a little crisp going!!  Green beans had to be zapped in the microwave for a bit. This was easy and very tasty.  I also liked that it was easy to clean up afterwards. Took much longer to cook than the recipe indicated, and was very bland. Won’t be making this again. We made this last night for dinner.  I did carrots instead of potatoes and it was a hit. We will definitely be making this again - even my 4 year old ate it up. This is a nice tasting recipe that's simple to prepare. I didn't have panko crumbs so I used a mixture of crushed Town House crackers and regular breadcrumbs. The chicken took longer to cook which overcooked the green beans a little. Next time I will wait to add the green beans for the last 15 minutes or so. A very nice Sunday evening meal! This recipe was amazing!  I ended up making a bit more of the sauce to mix the veggies in.  I seasoned everything with thyme, seasoned salt, and added some garlic salt to the chicken.  I cooked it at 425 degrees for 35 minutes, and it was perfect!  I forgot to use a non-stick spray on the foil, but it didn't need it, as the butter in the sauce made sure nothing stuck.  I'll definitely be making this again.
