Easy Apple Charlotte
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/285858/easy-apple-charlotte/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray a 6½-inch springform pan with nonstick cooking spray and line with parchment paper. Spray parchment paper with nonstick cooking spray. Toss apples with lime juice and set aside. Mix flour, cinnamon, ginger, and salt in a bowl and set aside. Combine eggs with brown sugar, white sugar, and vanilla extract in a second bowl and beat with an electric mixer until creamy. Add dry ingredients and mix until just combined. Pour about 1/3 of the batter into the prepared pan. Add apples and top with remaining batter. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean, 50 to 60 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and cool for 15 minutes. Run a knife around the springform pan, release springform, and flip apple Charlotte onto a plate. Immediately flip the cake onto a serving platter. imee 
Can’t take a picture because my son ate the whole thing the minute I turned my back. I did get the first piece and it was delicious TBH, I haven't made it yet. I was watching Downton Abbey(in memory of Dame Maggie Smith) and on the episode where Lady Grantham wanted Mrs. Patmore to make the Apple Charlotte for a dinner party. I'll buy the ingredients tomorrow and make it straight away. Looks delicious! This was a great, easy to follow recipe that wasn't overly sweet. It was perfect for book club and the leftovers were great the next morning with coffee. Very easy to make with a few accessible ingredients, my one note is that I found this to be very sweet, with apples adding some sweetness I only used the 1/4 cup brown sugar but I also found that to be too sweet for my taste, so I'll probably use less sugar next time, otherwise I enjoyed making it and eating it! The recipe is simple and effective. I made two lovely apple cakes, so took one at work and everyone loved it! Will keep this recipe for future, as it is tasty and delicious. I mixed the apple chunks in the batter, as it looked to be enough batter to cover all chunks well and it worked. I was afraid to have the apple chunks all in the middle and not spread evenly. Also, after letting the cakes cool down, the tops looked too firm, so I brushed a simple sugar-water mix over the top to make them moist again. Delicious,  affordable,  and easy comfort dessert. Can’t take a picture because my son ate the whole thing the minute I turned  my back. I did get the first piece and it was delicious Extremely easy to make. I used 4 large ramakins. Sprayed . Cut circles for bottoms and sides.and then sprayed again. Note. Next time I will make 1/2more of liquid for more on top after filling. Baked at 350 &checked every 3 minutes so as to not overbake. Turned over on individual plates: bottom side up after cooling. Wrapped with plastic wrap. After dinner placed 1 in microwave for 20 seconds.  Don’t forget to take off wrap. Totally best cake I ever made. Next time I could add nuts, or raisins So  good, so easy.   Will make again
