Easy Crab Cakes with Panko
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/286218/easy-crab-cakes-with-panko/
Whisk mayonnaise, egg, Dijon, Worcestershire, and hot sauce together in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Mix crabmeat, panko, and parsley together in a medium bowl. Gently fold in mayonnaise mixture. Form into 8 patties. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Add patties in batches and cook until golden brown and crisp, 3 to 5 minutes on each side. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towels. Repeat with remaining patties, adding more oil as needed.
So good! I made 7 crabcakes total of good size. 3 minutes per side worked perfect for me. I would make these again and again barely any filler. Tweaked this with 2 Tbsp chopped celery, 1 Tbsp chopped red onion and 1 tsp Old Bay. My brother and his wife were on a one-night visit so thought I'd try this as an appetizer. I didn't have the listed mustard but all really enjoyed the flavors. First time I've ever tried crab cakes but will do so as an appetizer again. Very simple recipe. I added 2 tsp of Old Bay and cut the hot sauce. I found that it makes 6 perfect crab cakes if you use a 1/2 cup measuring cup. I also sprinkle some smoked paprika on top for an added flavor pop. For those of you that don't like to fry; 20-25 minutes in a 350 oven works well too. I used crushed saltine crackers instead of Panko Bread Crumbs!  Served as a sandwich made with fresh Evangeline Maid  sliced bread and lettuce and slight amt. of mayo.  They were really rich due to the frying in canola oil. Delicious! I'm picky about my crab cakes and this recipe makes great ones. My only change was using 1/2 teaspoon of Old Bay seasoning in place of kosher salt.  I will say that the cakes were a little messy. They didn't hold together as well as I'd like, so next time I will use an additional egg. Otherwise, they were delicious with just a squeeze of lemon. I made it exactly as presented because any alterations and it would be a DIFFERENT  recipe and my rating would be useless. We loved it and I will be making it again! Thank you! This is really good and I made with diced shrimp instead of crab, 2 eggs, 1 1/2 cup panko, 1/2 cup Louisiana Cajun fish fry and 1/2 cup cream. It's delicious just as it is.  No changes made. So good! I made 7 crabcakes total of good size. 3 minutes per side worked perfect for me. I would make these again and again barely any filler.
