Easy Chinese Corn Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/29704/easy-chinese-corn-soup/
Combine corn and chicken broth in a saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Mix together cornstarch and water in a small bowl or cup; pour into the boiling corn soup, and continue cooking for about 2 minutes, or until thickened. Gradually add beaten egg while stirring the soup. Remove from heat and serve.
I grew up in Hong Kong and this is exactly how I make my corn soup. It's easy and tasty. I often add ham, dice mixed vegetables (in frozen bag), or even fresh slice mushrooms for more flavor. Great for serving one or two! I'm an American with parents who immigrated from Taiwan and Hong Kong. This is nothing like the food I grew up with or the food I had while visiting Hong Kong, Shanghai, Beijing, Xiamen and X'ian -- but I'm trying to keep an open mind.It's not completely unenjoyable, but just very low brow, using prepackaged bouillon and other junky ingredients that real Chinese folks who understand authentic food would never, ever, ever use in a million years.I understand the complications that result from diaspora, the need to make do. I would just personally not elevate these junky ingredients over well composed dishes of higher quality and try to pass them off as authentic Chinese. This was the recipe I was looking for! We used to have this soup at a long closed restaurant and loved it. Thanks for letting us enjoy it again! The recipe was straightforward and simple enough to complete under 15 mins. Didn't tweak much except additional broth, an extra egg and some milk. Tasted pretty much like that from the restaurant. Kids liked it, we added a touch of black pepper, that gave it a little bit more zing. Next time I will try garnishing it wt scallions and adding more stuff like diced chicken. I didn’t want to use broth, b/c I didn’t want too thin a consistency and I didn’t want to bother with cornstarch or another thickener.  I had a jar of Better Than Bouillon Chicken Base, so I just stirred some of that in.  That gave me the stock flavoring without having to then use a thickener.  Per other’s notes I also added some Rice Wine Vinegar (no regular rice wine) and some sesame oil.  This will definitely be a regular staple on my menu I made as listed and thought this was very bland. Just tasted like watered down cream corn. We moved out of my neighborhood leaving behind my favorite soup so had to learn how to make it cuz I couldn’t find it anywhere. This is it! So easy to make and delicious. I add canned crab to the mix as well for some protein. It is ok. Not very flavorful, alter a simple recipe with a simple corn and egg flavor. Possibly could use some spices. Could not believe it only took fifteen minutes to make.  I added just a touch of soy sauce.  Don’t know how often I’d make it, but easy to make, easy ingredients and easy clean up. This soup is delicious, just like the way I have made it for many years and tastes just like the restaurants. Make sure you use canned CHINESE chicken broth like Swanson's or Knorr. Don't use Campbell or Lipton chicken broth or else it will taste weird. Also I always use regular (not low sodium) and add another can of water to dilute it, and use two teaspoons of corn starch to thicken. The sweetness of the corn needs to be balanced out with salt.
