Unbelievable Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/30522/unbelievable-chicken/
In a large glass bowl, mix the cider vinegar, mustard, garlic, lime juice, lemon juice, brown sugar, salt, and pepper. Whisk in the olive oil. Place chicken in the mixture. Cover, and marinate 8 hours, or overnight. Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat. Lightly oil the grill grate. Place chicken on the prepared grill, and cook 6 to 8 minutes per side, until juices run clear. Discard marinade.
OMG! Received this recipe from an internet friend and absolutely loved it! Only change I did was I used 2 tbsp whole grain mustard, and 1 tbsp dijon mustard, then used hand blender to smooth out marinade some. Cubed chicken and poured half marinade in bag with chicken and the other half in another bag to put in the freezer for future use and marinaded for 8 hours. Skewered chicken/green pepper/onion/pineapple and grilled on each side (4 sides) 2 minutes each, basting with a little left over marinade left out of the bags. It was wonderful! I'll be making this all summer! TY! I made the marinade as written and wasn't expecting anything amazing.  But it really was great - just different enough that everyone commented on the flavor and how good it was.  Will definitely be using this again!  And without any changes to the recipe! This is great for Kabobs..... Just as is Made it for the family today.  I was in a pinch, so I used bottle lemon and lime juices.  It was still quite good, however, I think the fresh juices would have elevated the flavor.  The meat was tender and moist.  Everyone loved it and requested that I add it to our meal rotation! I LOVED this!  So easy, already had all the ingredients and the taste of the chicken was unbelievable!!!! My guests rave every time I make this for a BBQ.  I always make a batch and freeze it so I can easily take it out, thaw in fridge overnight and throw on BBQ for parties or just nightly dinner. Excellent! The whole family loved it. We will make this again. Thank you! This is an excellent marinade. I used regular mustard and baked the chicken. It turned out great. Will definitely make this again.
