Sweet and Sour Pork
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/31144/sweet-and-sour-pork-iii/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place cubed pork in a medium bowl and season with soy sauce, salt, and sugar for marinade. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add egg white and green onions and mix until well-combined. Cover and place in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat 1 quart oil to 365 degrees F (185 degrees C) in a large, heavy saucepan or deep fryer. Coat pork with cornstarch. otdash Meredith Food Studio Fry in hot oil until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain on paper towels and set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat oil for vegetables in a wok over medium heat. Stir in celery, bell pepper, and onion; cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Season with pinch of sugar and salt. Remove from heat and set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix 1 cup water, 3/4 cup sugar, apple cider vinegar, ketchup, soy sauce, and salt in a large saucepan; bring to a boil over high heat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in cooked pork, celery mixture, and pineapple chunks with juice. otdash Meredith Food Studio Return to a boil, then mix in remaining 1/4 cup water and cornstarch. Cook until thickened and warmed through, about 2 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio
this is such a great recipe. i was skeptical at first because sweet and sour pork varies so much between different restaurants and sometimes it is downright disgusting. this recipe really turns out better than any sweet and sour pork i've had in chinese restaurants. my boyfriend requests this all the time!i use cubed pork tenderloin because that's the only kind of pork i buy. i add carrots to the sauce mix, and i usually make 2 or 3 times the amount of sauce and freeze the extra to cut down on future prep time. it looks a little gross when you first start to thaw it, but bring it up to a boil again and it returns to its proper consistency. So delicious. As with most recipes I modified this based on my available items. I used pork chops instead of pork butt. Apples instead of pineapple. Small sweet peppers instead of bell pepper. Carrots instead of celery. White onion minced in marinade instead of green onion. Powdered sugar. I also used the whole egg instead of just the white. I used the deep frier for the corn starched pork. Served over a bed of rice and it's a true family favorite. The Family Loved his, such great flavors. I used cooked leftover pork loin. Because I am on a low sodium diet, I used lower sodium soy sauce and only used 2 TBLS in total. It was delicious and, because I used pre-cooked pork, it was easy peasy.  Hubby added more soy to his serving. Looks great but that’s a lot of sugar! Will it work if I cut in half or use stevia? Tasted pretty good, but the pork was a bit tough.  Followed the recipe exactly.  Might try again with some tweaks. This is delicious!  Following the recipe as written but with two additions because why not? I added bamboo shoots and water chestnuts, two favorites. The meat was tender and had great flavor. Loved it! The sauce is like Crack. I think next time I would not add the meat until serving to stay crispier. Also would cook celery by itself first longer as 5 minutes left it pretty crispy. Followed recipe perfectly!   It came out great!   Restaurant quality!
