Greek-Style Potatoes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/31522/greek-style-potatoes/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Arrange potatoes evenly in the bottom of a medium baking dish. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix together water, olive oil, lemon juice, garlic, bouillon cubes, thyme, rosemary, and pepper in a small bowl. Pour mixture over potatoes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cover and bake in the preheated oven, turning occasionally, until potatoes are tender yet firm, 1 1/2 to 2 hours.
The first time I made this recipe I followed the directions as stated.However, I used golden potatoes. The 2nd time I used the juice of one lemon, 3 bouillions. I was out of thyme so I used a tsp of oregano. About 10-15 min before they were done I pulled the lid off so that they would be a bit dryer like my fav greek restaurant. The potatoes were good the first time, GREAT the 2nd time. This is a definite keeper I use low sodium chicken broth instead of the cubes and water to lower the sodium. Delicious. It was good but i like other toppings better like lawerys season salt  but these are much better for me and healthier Great thanks Being Greek the original spice is fresh juice of lemon, oregeno,  garlic  and onion powder or onion, salt and pepper. Use homemade chicken stock from the chicken carcas. Oregano is the spice. Happy cooking Absolutely delicious potatoes! I love Greek flavors and this recipe hit all the right notes. I followed the advice of one reviewer and added mustard the second time I made this. Winner! Just like the potatoes I remember having when we lived overseas. I’m making these again tomorrow for our weekly family gathering. Double recipe because… yum 😋 Potatoes were unbelievably delicious, my husband said they tasted like ones he had when he was over in Greece! :)Son who is 12, told his Nanny, best potatoes he has ever had; so we are making them again tonight; having them 2X in 72 hours.would recommend adding more potatoes, because left overs & they are absolutely delicious!I didn't have Rosemary available, so I tossed in some chopped Basil& used Yellow Gold potatoes too. My potatoes got very mushy and I am not sure why? I used baking potatoes.  That said, I really liked the flavour of them. I used bottled lemon juice and beef broth because that is what I had and they taste great, but too mushy. I think my oven was too hot at 350F. I wil try again at a lower temperature. The photo shows them after about 30 minutes in the oven. A little more lemon juice. Fresh lemons are best, but the Realemon works in a pinch. An all around good recipe. The long cooking time is right, and, yes, you need all the liquid including about 1/4 cup of mustard that is missing from the recipe, which is standard in Greek roasted potatoes. Everyone thinks it’s just lemon, but it’s not. These are supposed to be soft, not crispy, so if you want them to taste like your best local Greek restaurant’s roasted potatoes, follow this recipe and add the mustard. If you don’t like Greek potatoes or lemon, don’t write a review on how you don’t like lemon and changed it into something else; write your own potato recipe that isn’t a Greek dish.
