Marinated Turkey Breast
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/31813/marinated-turkey-breast/
Mix garlic, basil, and pepper together in a small bowl; rub over turkey breasts. Insert 1 clove into each end of turkey breasts and 1 in the center. Mix oil, soy sauce, lemon juice, and brown sugar in a large, shallow dish. Place turkey in the dish and turn to coat. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator at least 4 hours. Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat and lightly oil the grate. Discard marinade and place turkey on the preheated grill. Close the lid and cook until turkey is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 15 minutes on each side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Awesome recipe! I slow-cooked mine in the crock pot and the turkey breast just fell apart. It was more like pulled-turkey! I threw in some little red potatoes and had an instant meal. Absolutely amazing!!!!  I used maple syrup instead of the brown sugar for diet restrictions.  Also, used turkey cutlets! Phenomenal!  Thanks for the family recipe! We followed this recipe to a tee and loved it!  We used our camp chef smoker to smoke the meat, and it was perfection.  My family can't stop talking about how good it was!! When I first discovered this recipe I had never cooked a turkey before. I decided to try my luck. I do the turkey for Thanksgiving every year and it has been a huge hit for a few years now. It is requested every year. Thank you for sharing this great recipe. used all spice instead of cloves I’ve made this twice now. We love this recipe! I use olive oil, since we buy that instead of other oils, dried basil, and low sodium soy sauce. One of our all-time favourites. It’s a staple for our own meals, and a reliable go-to for having guests. I omit the cloves, but follow the rest to a T!  I’ve found that, for fuller flavour, use shallower cuts of breast (if it’s too deep, the marinade doesn’t penetrate as well), and marinade AT LEAST 1 overnight, 2 days is amazing!! I often cut the breast in half, to allow 2 more exposed edges to soak. The soy/sugar/oil will want to char on the grill, so watch it closely, and turn often. Far and away the best turkey ever! Try this and you won't be disappointed! So easy and SO good! I added a tablespoon of oyster sauce and a teaspoon of Asian fish sauce to the marinade, and used low-sodium soy sauce. The fish sauce give the marinade an extra depth of flavor (umami). I grilled direct on both sides a high medium and then indirect to an internal temp of 170. Try a little fish sauce. It made sales the difference. If you’ve never used it, use sparingly. It has no fishy taste.
