Chris's Incredible Italian Turkey Meatloaf
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/31843/chriss-incredible-italian-turkey-meatloaf/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a large bowl, combine ground turkey, sausage, eggs, oats, onion, and milk. Season with 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, Italian seasoning, garlic powder, and salt. Mix well and form into a loaf. Place into a 9x13-inch baking dish. In a separate small bowl, mix together spaghetti sauce, hot sauce, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, and liquid smoke. Smooth over the entire meatloaf. Bake in the preheated oven for 50 to 60 minutes.
Super Good. Used Italian Bread Crumbs instead of Oatmeal & Lipton Onion Soup Mix instead of Onion since some family members are not fans of chunks of onions. This was a big hit. Very moist omg this was great This meatloaf was so moist and delicious! I added 1 cup of fat free mozzarella and mixed it in with the meat. I used 93% lean turkey. Very good meatloaf. I added fresh parsley and a bit more garlic powder. I cooked for an hour but it was still a bit raw in the middle. Needed about 1. 5 hours in my oven. It was okay, not great.  Super easy to make though Easy recipe. Tasty alternative tobeef meatloaf and healthier. ():0) I was going to make a traditional beef meatloaf but found that the hamburger was really turkey.  I also had italian sausage I had been saving for lasagna.  I found this recipe and made it.  I got rave reviews!  My grandkids gobbled it up and had more (surprising for picky eaters!) I also got kudos from a guest that said it was better than her great meatloaf recipe.  Saved for the holidays! OMG! WE ENJOYED THIS RECIPE SO MUCH! THE ONLY THING I CHANGED WAS I USED A POUND AND A HALF OF GROUND TURKEY AND A HALF POUND OF TURKEY ITALIAN SAUSAGE AND I USED BREAD CRUMBS INSTEAD OF OATS! WAS DELICIOUS! Very happy with this recipe. I can’t believe I found a meatloaf recipe I like. I was never a real meatloaf fan, and my husband can’t eat beef. So when my stepson asked for meatloaf I figured there was no way everyone would be happy. Boy was I wrong. I make just as the recipe says other than one modification: I took another reviewer’s recommendation and substituted spaghetti sauce for the milk. I love the free form way of cooking. And I love the sauce, although I do use just a tad less liquid smoke than mentioned. We make either two smaller loaves or one regular sized loaf and maybe 10 meatballs with this recipe. So delicious! Thanks for the recipe!
