Best Jambalaya
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/31848/jambalaya/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat 1 tablespoon of peanut oil in a large heavy Dutch oven over medium heat. Season sausage and chicken pieces with Cajun seasoning. Sauté sausage until browned. Remove with slotted spoon, and set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add 1 tablespoon peanut oil, and sauté chicken pieces until lightly browned on all sides. Remove with a slotted spoon, and set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio In the same pot, sauté onion, bell pepper, celery, and garlic until tender. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in crushed tomatoes, and season with red pepper, black pepper, salt, hot pepper sauce, Worcestershire sauce, and filé powder. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in chicken and sausage. Cook for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in the rice and chicken broth. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer for 20 to 25 minutes, or until liquid is absorbed. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! amdi
Excellent!! Just used olive oil, kielbasa, no file powder, and added some shrimp during the last 7 minutes. Since I added the shrimp, I used a full 28 oz can of crushed tomatoes. Also seasoned with some thyme and fresh basil. Cooked rice separately, so skipped on the broth. For the most part I made this recipe exactly as directions described. The one difference is that I added a tablespoon of Weber New Orleans Cajun seasoning for added spice. I served these with cheddar bay biscuits and it was a huge hit! Proclaimed as a new family favorite and we will be making this next time with blackened Cajun shrimp and sausage. I highly recommend this recipe and bon appetit! This recipe was excellent I like mine a little on the extra spicy side so I just went a little heavier on the cajun seasoning but BABBBYYYY this was right on the money . I also added some shrimp to it as well! Will definitely be putting this in my rotation. great recipe! love the flavor I added shrimp after the rice cooked halfway. this is a favorite Made this last night and it turned out awesome. This was my first time ever making Jambalaya and I received full approval. Even my 12 year old son loved it. I was concerned about it being too hot for him so I omitted the hot sauce. It was still spicy but didn't stop anyone from seconds. I made a couple changes: I didn't have File powder. I used olive oil since that was all I had. I omitted the chicken (tired of chicken)I added 1lb of shrimp. After the rice was completely cooked, I mixed in the shrimp and let it sit for about 5 minutes before serving and the shrimp turned out amazing!!! I try to keep meals simple on weeknights due to work, kids, school, sports etc. but I found that this was pretty easy. So happy I tried it, I will definitely be making this often! Thanks so much for the wonderful recipe!!! I honestly am not that big a fan of this dish from what I had tried before at other get-togethers. But I needed something to serve at a small gathering of friends and I knew they loved Cajun food. Did not make it exactly as instructed. I used boned chicken thighs and added shrimp at the end. I had no Cajun seasoning so I made up my own. No celery so I used lovage . No file powder so I added a pinch of sage instead. Otherwise, I followed the instructions and it came out surprisingly good ( as I said I was not a fan but this I liked). Everyone loved it and said it was great Jambalaya. Thanks so much for the recipe and procedure. Very good directions and I did not mess up at all. This was delicious and very easy! I used polish sausage (because I had that) and threw in 1 pound of shrimp at the end. I didn't put in hot sauce or much red pepper as my Cajun seasoning is a bit spicy already. I will make it again!, I have made this dish many times. It is very easy to make. I use Muir Glen brand crushed fire roasted tomatoes instead of Italian tomatoes. They do give it a bit of a different taste, but the fire roasting adds an interesting flavor to the dish. Like one other reviewer, I add a pound of shrimp in the last 7 minutes of cooking.Once I made a very close variation of this recipe for a group of Hurricane Katrina refugees who were staying at my church. in Austin, TX. We took it to a Saturday evening meal along with fresh cornbread. My two sons and I made enough of this to feed about 30 people. I was a bit nervous that it wouldn't be like they were used to in New Orleans. We came home with an empty stock pot. They loved it! First time making Jambalaya and it was great. After reading many reviews I was careful with the spices since too hot isn't what we like. I used fresh locally made Andouille sausage which added plenty of it's own spices, pre-cooked chicken and 1/2 to 3/4 lb. large peeled shrimp, double the amount of tomatoes, red pepper (green are so boring), a couple bay leaves, and a TBL or 2 of tomato paste. No celery, used some celery seed, and Cajun seasoning. Be careful with the salt! I cooked the rice separately, based on reviews, in chicken broth. I simmered it very slowly, then refrigerated for about 4 hrs so the flavors would come together. Reheated and served with the white rice. Delicious and will definitely make this again. Thanks for the recipe, and all the previous reviews! I really like this recipe. My family doesn't enjoy peppers & onions so I usually make this for myself when they go out of town and I eat on it for a week! I add a red bell pepper because I like the added color. I prefer to serve the jambalaya on a bed of rice rather than put the rice in the jambalaya, so I omit the chicken broth altogether and use a 24 oz. can of crushed tomatoes and an additional 12 oz. can of diced tomatoes with green chilis. Without the broth, the heat is a little more intense so if you modify like this and don't like too much heat, you should reduce the amount of spice. All in all, great recipe. FAN-TASTIC! Used olive oil instead of peanut oil and sauteed the andouille with the veggies since it was precooked. Added some frozen shredded chicken. Used some frozen homegrown tomatoes and added some (very) spicy salsa since I didn't have enough tomatoes or any hot pepper sauce. Didn't have file powder and it turned out great anyway. Used long-grain brown rice cooked for 20 mins separately, and then I added to jambalaya and simmered for another 20 since it was the long cook kind of rice. My husband said it was some of the best jambalaya he's had in a very long time. I really like how it turned out, tastes amazing! Will be making it again for sure I Love it. Never can find filé up here in Eastern Canada. Loved by all in our fam. Repeat recipe as is for us, but may be a tad spicy heat wise for some. Keeper. Don't skip the lemon! I didn't have any file either. I spiced as the recipe said and used a whole jalepeno, an extra can of stewed tomatoes, a tiny can of tomato paste, extra rice and extra chicken broth and added a pound of shrimp in the last 5 minutes of cooking.  Rice took longer than I expected but worth it. I paired it with cheddar corn bread biscuits and put slices of lemon on the side. My little family loved it. This recipe is great  Done in less than 30 minutes Great flavor! Please try this excellent recipe you won’t regret it This was wonderful. I made some small adjustments (clarified butter rather than peanut oil and left out the other heat, like hot sauce and pepper flakes). Otherwise I went by the recipe as written. Takes awhile to do with all the chopping and such, bur once that is done it’s smooth sailing.  Great meal for company. We made this exactly as the recipe said, and added some shrimp and black olives to go with it. Some cheddar bay biscuits to compliment and boy howdy is it amazing.
