Peking Duck
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/31972/peking-duck/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Rinse duck inside and out; pat dry. Cut off tail and discard. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, white pepper, and cloves together in a small bowl. Sprinkle 1 teaspoon of spice mix into cavity of duck. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir 1 tablespoon soy sauce into remaining spice mix and rub evenly over entire outside of duck. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cut 1 green onion in half and tuck it inside cavity. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cover and refrigerate duck for at least 2 hours or up to overnight. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place duck breast-side up on a rack set in a wok or pot. Steam for 1 hour, adding more water as it evaporates. otdash Meredith Food Studio Lift duck with two large spoons to drain juices and green onion. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Place duck breast-side up in a roasting pan and prick skin all over with a fork. otdash Meredith Food Studio Roast duck in the preheated oven for 30 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix together remaining 2 tablespoons soy sauce and honey in a small bowl. Brush honey mixture onto duck. otdash Meredith Food Studio Increase the oven temperature to 500 degrees F (260 degrees C). Roast until skin is richly browned, about 5 minutes. Do not allow skin to char. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix plum jam, chutney, sugar, and vinegar in a small serving bowl. Chop remaining green onions and place them into a separate bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place whole duck onto a serving platter and garnish with orange slices and fresh parsley. Serve with plum sauce and chopped green onions. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I changed this recipe slighty - becasue I don't have a steamer - and I roasted the duck for 2 hours befoer basting it. I also added chinese plum sauce to my honey baste.It was delicious. like !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11 So far all of you who want the skin crispy like a traditional pekin:Step one rinse the bird and pat dry. As dry as possibleDry brine. Get a wire rack, and rest the bird over night in the fridge. Generously apply diamond kosher salt all over the skin, in the crevices, in the bird cavity. And then do the same with baking powder. Rub into the skin and crevices. No need to measure. DO NOT RINSE the salt and baking powder solution. Made it for my wife for her birthday... She loved it... Said it so good to make your momma wanna smack you ! It was delicious. I followed the recipe precisely and my family loved it. Used a roasting pan on the stove to steam the duck before putting in the oven. Didn’t need a full hour in the oven before it reached 165 degrees .  Used hoisin sauce in place of the sauce recommended.  They want it again. I have tried many recipes to make Peking duck, some of them requiring 3 days of preparation. This is the best one AND easier. I adjusted the recipe slightly by steaming for 2 hours and cooking for 4 hours at 300. I also spatchcocked the duck and draped it over a rack inside a cookie sheet. It was great! My family loved it!  Our Thanksgiving dinner was  awesome!! I followed the recipe step by step without problem. The problem with this recipe is that when you steam the duck, you basically drain the fat which is the tastiest part of the duck.  Also putting the glaze on after roasting it makes the skin soft again so it isn’t crisp at all once it is done.  The end result is that this tastes more like steamed duck than crisp Peking duck. The flavor in this recipe is delightful, I didn’t even need to use the plum sauce. I would like to figure out how to make the skin crispier, but I really loved the flavor.  I will be making this recipe again, maybe even try the seasoning with chicken ??.
