Filipino Lumpia
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/32010/filipino-lumpia/
Thaw lumpia wrappers if frozen. Lay several wrappers on a clean, dry surface and cover with a damp towel to prevent wrappers from drying out. Mix beef, pork, onion, green pepper, and carrot together in a medium bowl. Place about 2 tablespoons of meat mixture along center of wrapper. Do not overstuff wrappers or they will burn before meat is cooked. Fold one edge of wrapper over filling. Fold outer edges in slightly, then roll into a closed cylinder. Wet finger with water and moisten outer edge to seal. Repeat with remaining wrappers and filling, keeping finished lumpia covered to prevent drying. Heat oil in a 9-inch skillet on medium to medium-high heat until oil reaches 365 to 375 degrees F (170 to 175 degrees C). Fry 3 to 4 lumpia at a time, turning in oil until nicely browned, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. Drain on paper towels. Cut each lumpia into thirds for parties, and serve with banana ketchup, if you like.
These are lumpia's are very good, but in my family we call them Shanghai lumpia. Regular lumpia to me are a little easier to make. In my family we used ground beef and cook it before rolling it. While the beef is cooking add your seasonings depending on what you like, we add garlic powder, salt, and pepper. When the meat is cooked add frozen mixed vegetables (or fresh veggies what ever you prefer)and whatever else you'd like. Just cook long enough to let the water and oil on the bottom cook away. We add teriyaki sauce for more flavor and then let cool. If you try to roll right away the wrappers will break. Once you've rolled the lumpia you can either freeze them for another day or cook 'em in oil until golden brown. Remember the meat inside is already cooked so all you have to do is brown them. Also with the wrapper, a lot of people have said they've had a hard time with wrappers breaking, my suggestion is to use the square lumpia wrappers because they tend to be a little thicker than the round once. You also don't have to wait until the wrapper is completely defrosted, as long as you can work with it you can start rolling right away. I also use a beaten egg to try to keep the seam closed I think the author forgot the salt and pepper. Make sure to taste-test by putting a small amount of the filling in a small bowl and microwave for 30 seconds.  You can also use ground chicken or turkey. my mother on law used those little frozen hashbrowns peas carrots and instead of cabbage used alfalfa sprouts....oh man they was amazing....a little malt vinegar with a little water if you want less of a tang...its on....this is a good simple recipe This was very good.  I only used ground beef, as I didn't have any ground pork at home.   As another reviewer suggested, I sauteed my ingredients beforehand and drained off the excess fat before stuffing the wrappers.   I wound up using egg roll wrappers as well.  I added some oyster, hoisin, and soy sauces to taste, in addition to cracked black pepper.  Will make again, next time hoping to have some ground pork on hand to add.  We served with duck sauce on the side for dipping. Banana ketchup is sold in America. Located in Asian markets and also I’ve purchased online from a Filipino store located in New Jersey This is not the version I grew up with & was taught to make.We use Lumpia wrappers, Ground Beef, Celery, Carrots, & Onions.Seasoned with Salt-N-Pepper & Garlic Powder.We do cook them via frying, however, you can bake them as well.Always A HUGE, HUGE, Hit! Rarely have leftovers!!! I will make again but I will omit the green peppers.  Do cook the meat before rolling that way you only need small amount of oil the brown the lumpia .  I also chopped up bean sprouts very small, & instead of chopping carrots shred them. I will make again but I will omit the green peppers.  Do cook the meat before rolling that way you only need small amount of oil the brown the lumpia .  I also chopped up bean sprouts very small, & instead of chopping carrots shred them. my boyz loved this Lumpias. Def  making them again. I changed the recipe and came up with a winner! Do not use bell pepper! Makes egg rolls taste bitter. I take two bags of bean sprouts, four green onions, chopped, shred two carrots, add one cup shredded cheddar cheese, 1 1/2 pounds ground hamburger, 2 Tbsp. soy sauce. Pepper to taste. I use egg roll wrapper that you can find at any store. Brown hamburger, drain all oil. Add all other ingredients and cook on low for five minutes. Drain all mixture in collander. Add shredded cheese. Mix. Roll in egg roll wrapper. Deep fry until golden brown. Serve with sweet and sour sauce. Winner!
