Dirty Martini
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/32238/dirty-martini/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir together vodka, dry vermouth, brine, and olives in a mixing glass. Pour into a glass or shaker with ice. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve on the rocks, or strain into chilled cocktail glasses. otdash Meredith Food Studio Enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
a few pointers from a seasoned bartender: most bottled olive brine has a strange artificial taste. i recommend using straight olive juice from a jar of quality olives. the difference between a top shelf vodka or gin and a low end is enormous when drinking a martini. save the cheap stuff for mixed drinks! start with a chilled martini glass, pepto it with vermouth, pour out excess, and mix your liquor and olive juice in a cocktail shaker of ice until ice forms on the outside. strain, garnish, and enjoy. the perfect martin! Guess I would stick to the odd number of olives! Great cocktail! I loved it this is one of my favorite drinks , I added more brine and double stuffed Tassos olives 🫒 with Garlic & Jalapeños Loved this recipe. Instead of putting the vermouth in mix I put in chilled glass and swirled around then dumped out. It was perfect. I did however put more olive juice in mine making it a little filthy rather than dirty. This makes a nice martini, but I backed off the vodka. I mean, 6 oz for a drink that serves *allegedly* 1? Pulease! that would easily be enough for two generous drinks unless, of course, your bar serves martinis in margarita glassesSo, having backed off the vodka, using slightly less vermouth and 8 small olives  from a bottle that I'm trying to get rid of and about 1/2 oz of olive juice, it made a nice on the rocks drink. No changes it’s perfect!! Cheers! I reduced the amount of vodka to 4 oz and used three blue cheese stuffed olive - this was a perfect martini for me!  It filled my martini glass to the rim!  So good - and effective! I first tried this at a pool hall,and loved it,I now enjoy this occasionally with Skyy Vodka extra dirty, no vermouth,3 garlic stuffed olives,I will have to get some Dirty Sue Mix, Delicious Thank you so much for this recipe. We received two bottles of delicious Tito's Vodka as gifts. Tried this last night - fabulous - especially the reviewer who said to swish the vermouth -. Two batches made plenty for predinner drinks for both of us. Added some cocktail onions.  The first exactly by the recipe, the second just swishing the vermouth in the chilled glasses. The left over "swished" vermouth went into the onion bottle to flavor them! So easy so good. We will enjoy these often
