Chai Tea
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/32680/chai-tea/
In a saucepan, bring water to a boil. Add the tea bags, cardamom seeds, cinnamon, and black pepper, then return to a boil. Immediately stir in sugar. Remove pot from heat and let stand for 5 minutes.
If you ground the spices and add them into the teabag (its what I usually do, then i carefully staple the bag shut) and boil it for a while, the oils from the spices actually blend in with the flavor of the tea. I'm rating it 4 stars because I love the combination of spices - these are my favorite spices, and it's a joy to be able to drink them in tea (whihc is also my favorite beverage.) I made the mix without any of the milk parts, so I could just spoon it into a hot cup of soy milk.  Tastes OK, but next time I'll go light on the sugar.  I reduced the quantity to 10 servings. I took the advice of adding in all spice and cloves, and might try the white pepper next time. I thought this tasted pretty good - made as directed but added a few allspice and cloves and a little honey to replace sugar.  Simmered for about 20 minutes. I like my chai tea stronger. I will probably grind nutmeg, allspice, cardemon, ginger and cinnamon to make the tea Recipe group recipe for this week. Like some of the others, I did find it to be a weaker tea than I personally like, but I also took the suggestion of another reviewer and opened up the tea bag and added the ground cardamom and cinnamon along with the whole peppercorns to one bag. I steeped 2 bags to 2 cups of water and that helped a lot. Chai generally is a sweet tea so I did add a generous amount of sugar and cream and it did make a nice and refreshing end to a long week. Next time, I'll add more spices and kick  it up some. I made this for "recipe group" 12/26/2011. As a couple of reviewers mentioned this does have a weak flavor, unless I have just become accustomed to the chai tea bags at the store. I cut the recipe in half to 3 servings. I just microwaved the water and spices. Then, I added the tea bags and sugar and let it sit the 5 minutes. I had all the spices except cardamom. On-line I found that nutmeg is an acceptable subtitute, so I just added a couple pinches of ground nutmeg. With the cost of cinnamon sticks, I think it still would be more affordable to buy chai tea bags for $3 dollars a box. Either way, I like the recipe for chai latte on here, so I added a little steamed milk, sprayed whipped cream, and extra cinnamon on top. It was more flavored than regular tea, I just wouldn't think exactly of chai. It was nice on this cold evening though. weak! This recipe is SO GOOD!  I loved it so much!  But you know I have to agree it was a little bit to plain and bland for my taste. Okay, I imagined this a much darker tea and, I agree with the others in the fact that it was a little "weak". Not the spices themselves but just the tea flavor. I did scale the recipe down but I still think it needs more tea bags. I didn't have cinnamon sticks but used ground instead. Maybe this was why it reddened up? Not sure but all in all it did have a good flavor combo and I will make it again once I get the sticks. The way I see it, "weak" is very fixable when the all over flavor is good.******update******I made this again and used quite a bit of milk this time and it was good. If you ground the spices and add them into the teabag (its what I usually do, then i carefully staple the bag shut) and boil it for a while, the oils from the spices actually blend in with the flavor of the tea. I'm rating it 4 stars because I love the combination of spices - these are my favorite spices, and it's a joy to be able to drink them in tea (whihc is also my favorite beverage.)
