Stuffed French Toast 
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/33092/stuffed-french-toast-ii/
Spread softened cream cheese on four slices of bread. Spread raspberry jam on the remaining 4 slices of bread; press the cream cheese and jam slices together forming sandwiches. Beat eggs, milk, and almond extract together in a medium, shallow bowl. Melt butter in a large, heavy skillet over medium-high heat. Dip sandwiches in egg mixture to coat evenly; place in the skillet, and cook on both sides until golden brown, about 2 to 4 minutes per side.
This recipe had a very fun flavor that my husband and I enjoyed very much. I did change it a little, instead of making it like a sandwhich I used Texas Toast, sliced a pocket into it and filled it using a sandwhich baggie with the corner cut off. Just perfect! This was my first time trying to make stuffed French Toast. Originally, I followed recipe to the tee. However, didn’t like the mushy middle. Since you don’t have the bread toasted first, the middle once stuffed, is soggy in comparison to the outside of the bread. So I remade recipe, this time not stuffing first. I just used the batter and after saturating it, toasted all the bread slices; on both sides. After removing the bread from the pan, I spread cream cheese and jam, sandwiched them together, then dipped quickly into batter. Toasted on both sides to warm jam and cream cheese through and seal all up with the batter. Served it lightly powder sugar dusted, with maple syrup. It was beyond delicious. All though it isn’t a quick meal, as French Toast usually is. But to us the taste made it well worth the time it took to prepare. I crossed cultures and used Italian bread for my French toast :). Excellent!  Perfect amount of everything!  I used small slice whole  grain type of bread and for a quick filling, berry whipped creamcheese, some cottage cheese, and a couple pieces of turkey bacon for some more protein.  Then a drizzle of maple syrup! It was delicious! Husband and son loved it! Loved the simple idea and taste of the batter!  The almond extract gave it a great flavor - will definitely use it in my French toast batter from now on. I used a loaf of brioche bread and also a Bumbleberry jam (strawberry, blueberry and raspberry). My daughter loved the results! I used Black raspberry preserves.  No almond syrup, so I used a combination of vanilla, blue agave, cinnamon, and nutmeg instead.   12 grain bread for mine and English muffin bread for the other two sandwiches. Tasted awesome! Cinnamon sugar sprinkles over the  finished toast to add a  little more warmth and Mmmmm The only thing I changed was using Farmhouse Oatmeal bread, Neufchatel cream cheese, and homemade raspberry preserves (not seedless). Otherwise followed exactly and it was perfect. Proportions are excellent. This was a huge hit. I can't wait to experiment with different fillings and flavor combinations!!! This was also extremely easy to make, so my kids could make this without help. Did not like almond extract. Substitute with vanilla extract next time. So good and easy!!
