German Potato Pancakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/33118/german-potato-pancakes/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Beat eggs, flour, baking powder, salt, and pepper together in a large bowl; stir in potatoes and onion. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Drop heaping tablespoonfuls of potato mixture into hot oil in batches. Press to flatten. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook until browned and crisp, about 3 minutes on each side. otdash Meredith Food Studio Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to drain. otdash Meredith Food Studio Repeat with remaining potato mixture. Enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
This is the true Potato Pancake (not Latke). We usually serve them on a Friday night (especially during Lent) with potato soup, bread and butter, the pancake topped with the traditional granulated sugar with applesauce on the side. We are a German/Polish family. Leftovers were taken in sandwiches with butter, salt and pepper for lunch. Don't fret about the discoloration...it is a part of the pancake and never noticed after fried up. When 5 pounds of potatoes are grated by hand for a large family, the discoloration is not a problem.Don't spend a lot of time and trouble drying out the potatoes, just drain in a colander and the flour takes care of the rest. If a little drains from the pancake in the fry pan, it will just add a nice crispiness to the edge. ENJOY. Our family has for over 100 years. It was the best thing I've eaten 5 Stars What is the baking powder doing in there? True "Reibekuchen/Kartoffelpuffer/Flinzen" do not need that.Variants:  you can go without the eggs to make it vegan or even take some oat meal and starch instead of the flour.It is great with applesauce, or even some sugar, or it is also nice with smoked salmon. Some people eat it as side to potato soup. yummmm It was easy and relatively quick once I was done grating the potatoes i might add a little more seasoning to it next time I was really expecting something great after reading the reviews.  I gave this 3 stars only because I think part of it was my fault.  They fell apart and didn't stay together and took forever to cook (I have a gas range).  Ugh.  So nasty even the dogs didn't want any.  Lol.  I won't be trying this one again.  I followed the directions and watched the video too.  Must be something I did.  Not even the flavor was good. Taste just like my mom's! I think it deserves a 5 star. It might be german but I am not and my family loves them.
