Indian-Style Seekh Kebab
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/33252/indian-style-sheekh-kabab/
Mix ground lamb, onions, mint, cilantro, ginger paste, and chile paste together in a large bowl. Season with cumin, coriander, paprika, salt, and cayenne. Cover and chill in the refrigerator for 2 hours. Soak skewers in cold water. Divide lamb mixture into 8 equal portions; mold portions onto skewers to form a sausage shape. Refrigerate skewers until you are ready to grill. Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat and brush the grate liberally with oil. Cook skewers on the preheated grill, turning frequently, until nicely browned on all sides and meat is no longer pink in the center, about 10 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 160 degrees F (71 degrees C).
Excellent! Finely chopped ingredients are a must-big chunks make the whole thing fall apart.Add bread crumbs to stiffen the mixture. Also put in freezer for a bit before grilling to make the skewers hold together. Don't leave on the grill for too long as they cook faster than you may think. Goes well with a nice ale. Simply Brilliant!If you haven't already- just try this recipe!Blew my mind.  I wanted to post pics - but ended up eating the kebabs before I could :D. Next time for sureAlso like someone else said,  finely chopped ingredients make a difference Really informative Delicious! Couldn't find ground lamb so subbed ground beef. Could have chopped onions more finely and as a result had kebabs that were thicker. Worked out fine, but if you end up with kebabs thicker than pictured, I'd recommend using high heat to sear the outside then turn it down a bit or use a microwave to finish cooking the inside.Entire crowd I loved the recipe Amazing. I added 1 green chili and chopped all ingredients in a food processor with 1/2 tbsp garlic to make it minced before mixing with the lamb. Mixed it all lightly to not overwork the meat. Key while making the kebobs was to freeze the mixture for 30 mins before mounding on skewers. The kebobs came out perfect Great recipe!!  Use lean organic lamb and it was amazing. excellent  recipe -- I added more chili and a bit of garam masala and cooked them on an outdoor grill Holy Moly!  These kabobs are amazing.  I saw the reviews about the mix being wet so I pulsed the onion in the food processor and then squeezed out the water by placing it in a kitchen towel and twisting. Then I put all the spice ingredients back into the processor with the onion. I subbed sriracha for the green chili paste. I turned the spice mix into a bowel and hand mixed the lamb. I was told I should have doubled the recipe.  These were FANTASTIC! Made this and it was excellent,  Helpful hint squeeze out the liquid of the onion. Place the chopped fine onion in the center of a kitchen towel and twist each end of the towel opposite from each other until all liquid is removed from the onion. This will prevent from falling apart while cooking.
