Easy Chinese Fried Noodles
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/34668/chinese-fried-noodles/
Bring a medium pot of water to a boil. Cook ramen noodles, reserving seasoning packets, in boiling water until softened, about 3 minutes. Drain noodles and set aside. Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a small skillet. Cook and stir beaten eggs in hot oil until scrambled and firm. Set aside. Heat 1 teaspoon vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir green onions in hot oil until softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove green onions to a plate; set aside. Heat remaining 1 teaspoon vegetable oil in the same skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir carrots, peas, and bell pepper separately until softened, removing each to the plate with green onions when done. Combine 2 tablespoons sesame oil with remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in the same large skillet or a wok over medium heat. Fry cooked noodles in hot sesame-vegetable oil, tossing frequently, until golden, 3 to 5 minutes. Season with desired amounts of sesame oil, soy sauce, and reserved ramen seasoning packets; toss to coat. Stir in cooked vegetables, tossing frequently, until heated through, about 5 more minutes.
This was really good. A lot like the stir fried noodles from the Chinese restaurant, but not as oily. I skipped the red pepper and added, instead, pea pods, bean sprouts,and water chestnuts. I also used 3 packages of noodles and only 1 packet of seasoning. The seasoning was just right. More than that would have been too salty. I don't know where they came up with it being 6 servings. It was just enough for me and my boyfriend and he's a big eater (and he would have like it if there had been more!) It serves probably more like 1 person per packet of noodles. Next time I'll use 4 packets and have leftovers! It was so yummy! We loved it!  Its quick and easy to make. I adjusted it to use the veggies we had available. Orange bell pepper, celery, green onion, mushrooms...delicious! There are so many options! Did I say Its easy to make.  Next time we will add shrimp, leftover pork or leftover rotisserie chicken. IfI followed recicipe as written. Family loved it! Easy. Pretty quick to prepare. Nicely flavored..can add additional vegetables if you want for a filling meal. I enjoyed the meal, but I made a few changes to the type of oil and omitted the flavor pack due to salt restriction.I also used vegetable oil in place of place of peanut oil due to nut sensitivity and olive oil. I use thin spaghetti, thin linguini, or angel hair for this recipe and my kids love it.  A good way to get them to eat their veggies! I believe it would be less time consuming to make the veges together but other than that it was very good This was very good! I added chicken, mushrooms, and water chestnuts. I also used pea pods instead of peas. This is one of those recipes that you can add your personal touch to or adjust based on what you have in the refrigerator! This was a hit with everybody, even my 8 year old daughter who never eats anything! I changed the veggies to red onion, green beans, carrots, celery, and mix of orange, red and yellow peppers, just because that’s what I had in the fridge. I, also, added one chicken breast thinly sliced. In a wok, I cooked the eggs first and set them aside. Then boiled the noodles separately while I cooked all the veggies for few minutes in sesame oil, then added the chicken with some soy sauce and Asian seasoning. Once the chicken was cooked through, I added the drained noodles with seasoning packet and some more oil and cooked it all together for maybe 5 mins.Then added the egg back and stirred it in for another few minutes. Thanks for the versatile recipe!
