Chicken Murphy
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/34870/chicken-murphy/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook sausage in a 5-to 6-quart Dutch oven over medium heat until browned, 6 to 8 minutes; transfer to a bowl with a slotted spoon. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place flour in a shallow plate; dredge chicken pieces in flour to coat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat 1 tablespoon oil in Dutch oven; add chicken and cook until lightly browned, 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer chicken to the bowl with sausage. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add remaining 1 tablespoon oil to the Dutch oven. Add mushrooms, onion, and bell peppers. Cook until tender, 6 to 8 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in potatoes, white wine, chicken broth, brine, Italian seasoning, and salt; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until potatoes are tender, about 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add Peppadew peppers and browned chicken and sausage; cook and stir until heated through and sauce is slightly thickened, about 3 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Sprinkle with parsley before serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio
what are peppadew peppers? can't find them in our smalltown markets. Can you substitute another kind of pepper? Coming from a world where cherry peppers, or Peppadew peppers as they are called here, are put on Italian sandwiches with salami and provolone, this had a strange flavor for us. It was eaten, but no WOW factor at all.  We all said "This has a strange flavor. Like an Italian hero" So, it will most likely not be made again. I feel it's a cross between chicken scarpariello, Italian stuffed peppers and an Italian sandwich. Like I said, it was eaten but I won't make it again. It should be called Chicken Soprano, nothing Irish about it. This was awesome. The flavor was amazing. However, I couldn't find Peppadew peppers anywhere. I also used some of my homemade bone broth with store-bought bone broth. And, instead of Russet potatoes, I used small Yukon Gold with the skins still on. Turned out great.It would help to list what a "dry white wine" is for those of us who aren't familiar with wines. It took me awhile to figure that out.And, you might want to correct the availability of the groceries used in this recipe. The recommendations said I could find them at QFC in my area. Peppadew peppers were not there nor were they at Safeway. I didn't have time to drive around anymore.Yes I will make this again. Do not use pappadew peppers.  I found  they added a bitter flavor.  Use hot cherry peppers for an authentic chicken murphy.  I added the hot cherry peppers and the liquid and it was delicious. We loved this! I found peppadews on Amazon so I ordered them to be authentic at least for the first time.  The amount of heat from the peppers was perfect! This will be on my menu list at least once a month but don't be fooled - prep time is a lot longer than it says. Next time, I'll add the extra time to the recipe. I followed the recipe with one exception.  Like others in this comment section, I couldn’t find the Peppadew peppers at any local store.  So, I asked the internet for a substitute and was told to use pickled cherry peppers, which I easily found.  Prep time was easily double what they suggested.  I served the stew over butterfly pasta.  The finished stew was quite tasty, and we will be making it again!Oh, and don’t be fooled by the “one-pot” claim.  Sure, it cooks in one very large pot, but I ended up using 6 bowls and a couple of small dishes to hold all the ingredients before they all ended up in that one pot!  Lots of cleanup, but still worth it. This was a good, but time consuming meal to make. It also challenged my clean-up skills as the finish on my enameled dutch oven is not as smooth as it was in its youth. I could not find peppadew peppers so I used Golden Greek Pepperoncinis and their brine. I used poblano chilis instead of bell peppers and next time might add in some spicier Hatch chilis if the grocery store has them. I made this for our Sunday dinner, it was the first time we did this dish. I don’t follow recipes I omitted the mushrooms, but added celery, bay leaf more pepperdew peppers. It lacked salt. I didn’t know that I should have served with spaghetti till I read another recipe.I ate it for leftovers over some rice I had in the fridge. Wow, it was awesome! I will make it again.Lorie BFort Worth, Texas We loved this recipe.  I followed it with the exception of adding salt and pepper when browning chicken (mixed into the flour). I also added it when adding the veggies.  I increased Italian seasoning to two teaspoons.  Served with garlic bread .  Will make again! what are peppadew peppers? can't find them in our smalltown markets.  Can you substitute another kind of pepper?
