Krautburger
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/34892/krautburger/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place ground beef in a large, deep skillet. Cook over medium high heat until evenly brown. Drain fat. Stir in cabbage and onion soup mix; cook 5 minutes longer, or until lightly browned. Set aside. Roll one loaf of bread dough into a 16x8 inch rectangle, then cut into eight 4 inch squares. Spoon cabbage mixture into center of each square, top with 1 small slice cheese and bring up diagonal points, pinching edges closed. Place krautburgers on a cookie sheet coated with cooking spray, and let rise for about 10 minutes. Bake for 20 minutes, or until brown. Brush tops of warm rolls with margarine. Repeat process with second loaf of bread and remaining cabbage mixture and cheese.
A friend just made this and pointed out that there is no mention of when to add the onion soup mix - oops :-) Add it right after the cabbage has cooked down a bit. I also tend to cook the cabbage/beef/soup mixture a little longer on med-high heat to get a nice browning of the cabbage. Delicious, hearty, and has enough for today, tomorrow, and overmorrow. Awesome recipe! Home run in this family! Made these for my 93 y.o. mother and she loved them, and so did my family. Easy to make, too. I've made these several times now and they always turn out delicious. I used frozen roll mix. I omitted the French onion soup added thyme instead and used mozzarella  cheese instead of cheddar !  They were wonderful! This was quite good; made a few changes: made dough in bread machine; used ground lamb instead of hamburger and added pepper; used grated cabbage and carrot mix; used whole pack of onion soup; used sharp cheddar cheese, and baked for almost twice the time stated. Very tasty. Edit: mine did not look nice and neat like the photos; they looked like I had unsuccessfully tried to pinch the dough around the filling. The lamb is fatty enough so that any exposed filling didn't dry out though. I had made these years ago with rolled out bisicut dough and baked in the oven, sometimes I put cheese in them. I made at least 50 of these for a party and I had to hide one in the oven so I could have it! My guests were begging for the recipe. My family loves this. My youngest son likes jalapeno slices in his.
