Homemade Corn Dogs
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/35149/corn-dogs/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine cornmeal, flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, and pepper in a medium bowl; stir in milk and egg to make a batter. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat oil in a deep fryer or large saucepan to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Meanwhile, pat frankfurters dry and insert a skewer into each one. otdash Meredith Food Studio Roll frankfurters in batter until well coated. otdash Meredith Food Studio Fry 2 or 3 corn dogs at a time in preheated oil until lightly browned, about 3 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Drain on paper towels. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
As a former carney, I LOVE these! The one thing I miss most about being a part of a traveling carnival company is the hand-dipped corn dogs. I have a couple of suggestions for achieving corn dog perfection: 1) Dry the hot dogs with a paper towel before dipping them in the batter. This way, you don't need to coat them with flour or anything before dipping. 2) Make sure your batter is ICE COLD. This will make it thicker and it will resist "melting" off into the oil before it firms up from frying. 3) Use regular Farmer John hot dogs...not the all-beef kind (that's what the carnival food wagons all use!). 4) Omit the black pepper from this recipe. It's not needed. I liked this recipe but it was very thick, I added another 1/2 cup milk and it was perfect. Not too thick, not too thin and was delicious!! I will make this again. So I just made these moments ago.  The batter portion was too small so I doubled it for 18 weenies.  I ended up adding about an extra cup and a half of milk for a double batch which ended up being perfect.  I understand that ingredients vary like the size of eggs and the grind of the cornmeal but ultimately I would just say be prepared to add a little moisture.  I was amazed at the amount of baking powder but as they really did turn out perfect I guess I was wrong!  For the last half of the run I added diced jalapeños that I had partially dried from the night before.... WOW!  Game changer!  Amazing!! I'll try to upload a pic!  I gave it 3 stars only because to get 4 I would say the formulation needs to be perfect .......also, consider skewering your dogs and freezing them first These are fantastic. Made exactly as recipe instructs. I did take the advice from another review to make sure the dogs were room temp, dry, and had a tall thinner glass for the batter. For my fellow North Carolinians out there…I made them with Brightleaf Red Hotdogs and it made them that much better. Kids, no doubt, will absolutely love this and enjoy helping. Highly recommend!! Have to tweak it No changes they were delicious  and crispy It worked okay,  but it wasn't enough corn meal or something?  It wasn't what I expected. Very similar to carnival corn dogs. My husband loved them and he is particular about his corn dogs! Things I've learned from experience and other recipes that are helpful:1. Chill the batter for about an hour2. Have the hot dogs at room temperature and very dry before dipping in the batter.3. Use a tall glass or wide mouth water bottle for the batter when dipping the dogs.4. 350-375°F is a good oil temp to get the golden brown color and thoroughly cook the coating. I  don't have a deep fryer, so use a stock pot and candy thermometer.Will definitely keep this recipe. Delish!! I didn’t have cornmeal, so I used corn flour and a bit more milk to loosen up the batter. They were awesome.
