Traditional Filipino Lumpia
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/35151/traditional-filipino-lumpia/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a wok or large skillet over high heat. Add pork; cook and stir until crumbly and no longer pink, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove pork from the pan and set aside. Drain grease from the pan, leaving just a thin coating. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add onion and garlic to the pan; cook and stir until fragrant, about 2 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in cooked pork, carrots, green onions, cabbage, and cilantro. Season with pepper, salt, garlic powder, and soy sauce. Remove from the heat, and set aside until cool enough to handle, about 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio To assemble lumpia: Place 3 heaping tablespoons of filling diagonally near one corner of a lumpia wrapper, leaving a 1 ½ inch space at both ends. otdash Meredith Food Studio Fold the side along the length of the filling over the filling, tuck in both ends, and roll neatly and tightly to close. otdash Meredith Food Studio Moisten the other side of the wrapper with water to seal the edge. Transfer to a plate and cover with plastic wrap to retain moisture. Repeat to assemble remaining lumpia. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat 1/2 inch vegetable oil in a heavy skillet over medium heat for 5 minutes. Slide 3 to 4 lumpia into the hot oil, making sure the seams are facing down. Fry, turning occasionally, until all sides are golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to drain. Repeat to fry remaining lumpia. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve immediately. Enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
This is very close to the recipe my mom used as I was growing up. She would make 50-100 at a time and freeze whatever wasn't used. You don't need to defrost them when you're ready to cook. Remember when frying the lumpia, put the seam down first - it helps to seal it better. The dipping sauce we used was a mix of vinegar, pepper, crushed garlic and tiny chilies (and/or some soy sauce.) Did just what it said but wrapped the next day Used this recipe for years now with our special alterations. Everyone always enjoys them and it’s nice to be able to freeze them for later. They also turn out just as good fried in olive oil or in the air fryer. Very similar to traditional. I'm sure it's going to be worth the effort and funds to purchase ingredients ❤️ Thank you for your lovely share I omitted cilantro and used egg roll wrappers as I couldn't find lumpia wrappers. This is a great recipe that I will use with chicken or shrimp as I can make variations to suit our tastes. To me this is a perfect recipe because it can be adjusted! I've made this recipe a few times.  My wife doesn't really like fried food so this last time I followed some advice from a different Lumpia recipe.  I sprayed the inside of the wrapper with cooking spray, rolled it and sprayed the outside.  Baked them in the oven at 400 degrees for 8 minutes, flipped them and cooked for another 8 minutes.  Came out crispy without that greasy oil being soaked into the roll.  Perfect. I used tofu instead of the meat that was used. I used eggless lumpia wrappers/paper. OH MY GOSH!!!I can not believe how delicious these were.I've been eating on them the last 3 days!Now I'm planning on making some to freeze fora quick snack.  It was a hit in my family.I believe this would be an awesome idea for a potluck or side dish!
