Memorial Day Best BBQ Chicken Ever!
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/35646/memorial-day-best-bbq-chicken-ever/
Whisk Worcestershire sauce, brown sugar, ketchup, Cajun seasoning, and garlic powder in a large glass or ceramic bowl. Add chicken and toss to evenly coat. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and marinate in the refrigerator for 8 hours to overnight. Preheat an outdoor grill for medium heat and lightly oil the grate. Remove chicken from marinade and shake off excess. Discard remaining marinade. Grill on the preheated grill until chicken is no longer pink and the juices run clear, 6 to 8 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
I made this for Memorial Day and made four times the amount of marinade for some drumsticks, chicken thighs, and split chicken breasts. I used chili sauce instead of ketchup as many others did. Definitely marinate overnight and turn serveral times during the process to coat. I also used a homemade BBQ sauce during the grilling process and we didn't have much left at the end of the party! You can NOT get anything simpler, yet so tasty, to create for your BBQ!  If you stick to the original recipe you won't be disappointed- the sweetness combined with the tiny touch of heat while you're eating it.  The guests all raved and I agree!  You can also put this in your oven, skin on,  at 350 for 30 minutes, use thighs (they don't dry out as easily) and crisp the skin on top when you are ready to take it out.  I added a little extra hot Cajun spice the next time I made it and it was just as popular.  Enjoy! It was absolutely delicious!!! Marinated it over night. No changes on the recipe. I tried this recipe on Memorial day and it was wonderful! I tried something different. Instead of grilling  the chicken breast,  I smoked them in my smoker and, like  I  said, it was  wonderful.  Just remember to  marinate  the  breast  for at least  8 hours  before  smoking. Delicious...so easy & tasty. Made this for Memorial Day 2018 and earmarked it for lots of future use!   Instead of brown sugar, I had to use an artificial sweetener.  I also added some dried, diced onions and about 1/4 cup of water.  My husband told me that this one is a keepie! My 16 yr old made this with chicken thighs. Great dish. Very good!  Tasty and moist chicken breast.  Will make again. The was a great recipe... love it It was surprisingly delicious an easy to make.
