French Fried Potatoes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/35963/french-fried-potatoes/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir together warm water and sugar in a medium bowl. Soak potatoes in water mixture for 15 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove potatoes from water and dry thoroughly on paper towels. Heat oil in a deep-fryer to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook potatoes in hot oil until golden, 5 to 6 minutes. Drain on paper towels and season with salt. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Out of curiousity, I divided my potatoes into two batches and soaked one batch in cold water only, and the other in cold water with the sugar added. I must say that the one soaked in sugar water did come out crispier. The difference in the taste was discernible at best, but you can totally tell that one was crispier than the other, so I would suggest that you use sugar as listed in the recipe. Wonderful french fries. Finally I can forget buying thosed frozen ones. Thank you so much for sharing this recipe. It is a keeper. We don't use sugar, we use malt vinegar. Additionally, we cut our fries in wedges for the best tasting fries one can cook. I'm not sure if the sugar made a difference, but they tasted great. Simple to make and great taste we seasoned with the garlic rosemary and sea salt spice blend from gourmet collection. Will definitely do this again. Why would anyone soak fries in sugary water? Soaking fries in water and doing a double fry is more then enough for crispy fries. As an owner of a fry truck I wouldn't even think about adding more sugar. Russet potatoes yes. Don't ruin them. Im amazed by how good these fried were! They came out so good! Can’t wait to make them for my grandkids! The recipe worked out well however I noticed that the fries were a little soggy after they sat for 5 minutes so a second dip in the oil brought them right back they were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside This worked perfectly thank you.
