Blackened Salmon Fillets
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/36487/blackened-salmon-fillets/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix paprika, cayenne pepper, onion powder, salt, white and black pepper, thyme, basil, and oregano together in a small bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Brush salmon fillets on both sides with 1/4 cup butter, and sprinkle evenly with the spice mixture. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat 2 tablespoons melted butter in a large, heavy skillet over high heat. Add salmon and cook until blackened, 2 to 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Lift fillets, add remaining melted butter to the skillet, and flip fillets into the butter. Cook until the other side is blackened and fish flakes easily with a fork, 3 to 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Ok, so I discovered this recipe about a month ago, and it is SO absolutely delicious that I've been making it almost 4 times a week since! I have also discovered a few tips while making some better and some worse versions of this recipe. First, be SURE to skin the salmon. If you leave the skin on, the spices won't stick to the skin side of the salmon. Second, don't put the melted butter on the salmon immediately after removing the salmon from the refrigerator. This will cause the butter to harden (because the temperature of the butter will drop), and will cause the spices to cake off the salmon while it is being cooked. Third, don't butter and spice both sides of the salmon right away. After the first side is ready (brushed with butter, sprinkled with spice, and then drizzled with butter), place the fillet in the pan with the spice side down, and then butter and spice the second side. Fourth, don't let the salmon sit in one place in the pan, shake it around a little bit while it is cooking. If you don't, the spices will stick to the pan instead of the salmon. Now this is a tip for those of you who have salmon fillets that are thick (like mine always are). You are going to have to do several things in order for it to cook all the way through. After you drop the salmon onto the frying pan, reduce the heat to medium low, and COVER. After 6 to 7 minutes on that side, flip the salmon over and cover again cooking for another 6 to 7 minutes. BON APETITE! Used halibut and it was delicious!! I prepared this Blackened salmon for my family and they absolutely LOVED IT.❤️❤️❤️❤️ We love this recipe, and I get compliments when I make it. I do use less butter than is called for and substitute garlic salt for regular salt, but those are minor adjustments. The flavor would be delicious as written! Another cooking method that I use is baking the salmon in a 400F degree oven for 15 minutes rather than cook on the stovetop. Turns out great, too! I made it, sort of lol.  I had an unlabelled jar of spices I'd mixed at some time, smelled about right, so I used them.  Even so it was good, with leftovers which I'm going to blend with lemon and cream cheese for a spread. We grilled our salmon on the grill.
