Absolutely Fabulous Greek Salad Dressing
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/36520/absolutely-fabulous-greekhouse-dressing/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix olive oil, garlic powder, oregano, basil, pepper, salt, onion powder, and Dijon-style mustard together in a very large container. Pour in vinegar slowly while mixing vigorously until well blended. Store tightly covered at room temperature. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour over salad and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
I took the advice of previous reviews and used equal parts of oil & vinegar. Also, I used 2 parts red wine vinegar and 1 part balsamic. We had a back-yard BBQ and I make a HUGE salad with kalamata olives, thinly-sliced red onion, grape tomatoes, peppercini, and crumbled feta then tossed with this dressing. Everyone loved it! My daughter and husband are already asking me to make more! scaled down recipe. Yeild: 2.5 cups. Ingredients --- 1.5 cups olive oil, 1T + 1tsp garlic powder, 1T + 1tsp dried oregano, 1T + 1tsp dried basil, 1T ground black pepper, 1T  salt, 1T onion powder, 1T  Dijon-style mustard, 1 cup red wine vinegar I asked chatgpt to scale it down: 1 tablespoon olive oil 1 teaspoon garlic powder 1 teaspoon dried oregano 1 teaspoon dried basil ¾ teaspoon ground black pepper ¾ teaspoon salt ¾ teaspoon onion powder ¾ teaspoon Dijon-style mustard 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar After looking at the recipe I realized it was going to make WAY to much for my family. So I converted it down to 10 servings which is the perfect amount for a salad dressing Karaf that you buy at the store. These are the Measurements I used:* 1/2 cup Olive oil* 2/3 cup Red Wine Vinegar* 1.5 teaspoons Garlic Powder* 1.5 teaspoons Oregano* 1.5 teaspoons Dried Basil* 1 teaspoon Ground Black Pepper* 1 teaspoon Salt* 1 teaspoon Onion Powder* 1 teaspoon Dijon Style Mustard Excellent recipe. Made it for a group dinner and ever raved about it. Thank you Most excellent!! This salad dressing is amazing and you don't even have to refrigerate it! I'm glad that she did the math for us and that made it much easier. I tried to do the math myself and was not very successful! I made this, very authentic & delicious! What were you thinking allrecipes!  We are individuals who are most often not feeding 25-50 People. Shameful!  Thank you , thank you to those wto those who scaled it down and shared their efforts and results.  Allrecipes get your act together! I make this regularly. It used to be easy with the scale tool but that is no longer available.  I lose my manual calculations every time so i figured i'd put in a review.  This is scaled to 1/8 of Original recipe with no other changes. 6oz Olive Oil, 2 teaspoons each: garlic power, dried Oregano, dried basil. 1.5 teaspoons of pepper, salt onion powder and Dijon style mustard.  8oz red wine vinegar.    I HOPE THIS HELPS THOSE LOOKING FOR A DELICIOUS DRESSING IN A SMALLER QUANTITY! I wish Allrecipes still gave us the ability to change the serving amount.  Unless you have a big family who needs a gallon of salad dressing.  So I basically eyeballed the ingredients to make a small amount and it is very good.
