Philly Cheesesteak
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/36621/philly-steak-sandwich/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix salt, pepper, paprika, chili powder, onion powder, garlic powder, thyme, marjoram, and basil together in a small bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place steak in a large bowl; sprinkle seasoning mixture over top and stir to coat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat 1/2 of the oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Add steak; cook and stir to the desired doneness. Transfer cooked steak to a plate. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat the remaining oil in the skillet. Add onion and green pepper; cook and stir until tender and caramelized. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven on the broiler setting. Divide cooked beef between the bottoms of 4 rolls. otdash Meredith Food Studio Layer with onion and green pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Top with sliced cheese. Place on a cookie sheet. otdash Meredith Food Studio Broil in the preheated oven until cheese is melted. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cover with tops of rolls and serve. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Great spice/seasoning mix for the meat. In the future I will add 3 tablespoons of olive oil and allow the meat to marinade overnight. I used swiss cheese but next time I will use provolone. The amount of cheese needs to be increased drastically (maybe double or triple the amount of cheese called for). Be sure to buy large hoagie rolls as smaller ones don't hold all the ingredients. I recommend adding a cup of sliced mushrooms to the meat mixture. I don’t think I’ll ever be able to cut the beef thin enough, but my family absolutely loved it.  I can’t wait to make it again. I added red and orange peppers for a little more flavor. This is NOT a Philly cheese steak. This is a steak sandwich. A real Philly cheese steak seasons the olive oil with oregano, basil, garlic and sautes the thinly sliced rib eye in the oil then topped with cheese whiz. A cheese steak "whiz wit" is the above with sauteed onions cooked in the oil mix. Anything else is not a "Philly" cheese steak. (South Philly girl here.) I used cut da carb wraps instead of hoggie bread and did the whole thing on my black stone. Good flavor from the seasoning! While this may be a great tasting sandwich (I haven’t tried it), it is in NO WAY a Philly cheesesteak. It’s sacrilegious to call it that. There is nothing in it remotely related to a Philly cheesesteak. This is from a Philly area native who knows!! Yes I took out all of the spices that made the steak spicy.  I do not even like pepper except for a limited amount.  Beyond that I am keeping this recipe.
