Maple Banana Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/36772/maple-banana-bread/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 5x9 inch loaf pan. In a large bowl, mix the melted butter and maple syrup. Beat in the egg and bananas, leaving a few small chunks. Stir in the maple extract and milk. In a separate bowl, mix the flour, baking soda, and baking powder, and stir into the banana mixture just until moistened. Transfer to the prepared loaf pan. Mix the nuts and sugar, and sprinkle evenly over the batter. Bake 50 minutes in the preheated oven, or until a knife inserted in the center of the loaf comes out clean.
I think this recipe is absolutely gorgeous! I couldn't find maple extract so i just used Vanilla and it was absolutely fine. Once I even ran out of maple syrup halfway through and so i filled in the rest with golden syrup and it was still really good. I'm trying it once more with half whole wheat and we'll see how that turn out. I used 3 bananas,and split between two pans so I could have without walnuts(allergy) added semi sweet chocolate chips and skipped the sugar. I love maple, but not overly sweet stuff. Also vanilla extract since I had no maple,and I added a 1/4 teaspoon of salt. It’s pretty amazing. The added banana and chips gave it amazing cake properties. Cooked without the walnuts - but still delicious 😋 I made it with GF baking flour and the maple extract. I used extremely ripe-brown- bananas to bring out the best flavor. I doubled the recipe and got 18 mini loaves. Baked for 35 minutes. Smells wonderful and is very moist. This banana bread is flavorless. I wanted to love it because I love banana bread and I love maple syrup, so I thought this would be a home run. It should be called banana bland. I made it exactly as written. The bread turned out great.  I doubled the recipe and made two loaves so that my son could take one to work with him.  I was hoping for more of a maple flavor so I think next time I will use bananas not quite as ripe and see if that helps bring out the maple flavor. Perfect, Smells absolutely delicious can’t wait to have it for dessert tonight I have been saving ripe bananas and reluctant to make bread or muffins as my recipes have been lackluster to say the least. I found this on today and even though is is was very warm day, I decided to make the Maple Banana Bread Loaf. Absolutely delicious!Moist and lots of flavor. Really great recipe.  Put no sugar in and replaced with 1/2 ripe pear for sweetness.
