Grilled Lobster Tails
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/36996/grilled-rock-lobster-tails/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the grill for high heat and lightly oil the grate. Pour lemon juice into a small bowl; slowly whisk in olive oil. Whisk in salt, paprika, white pepper, and garlic powder until combined. otdash Meredith Food Studio Split lobster tails lengthwise with a large knife, then brush flesh with some marinade. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place lobster tails flesh-side down on the preheated grill and cook, turning once and basting frequently with marinade, until opaque and firm to the touch, 10 to 12 minutes. Discard any remaining marinade. otdash Meredith Food Studio
OMG! This was awesome. I wouldn't want Lobster any other way. Only one suggestion, I don't believe that the Lobster needs to cook 12 min. on the grill. It stuck to the shell and was difficult to remove. I should of taken them off earlier. My boyfriend and I rate our recipes and this one got an A+. We will make again for company or a party. A little expensive but well worth the money! Wait till the grocery store has a sale and stock up on these bad boys!  This was all good. Easy set up, quick cook, great flavor. Carl AngdahlFirst time grilling lobster.  Followed recipe as written except I could only get 5oz lobsters.  Cut the grill time to 3 minutes, flesh side down and 2 minutes after turning over once.  Wifey was pleased.  That was important. Very good and simple.  Instead of paprika, I used cayenne pepper.  Paprika is like riding with training wheels :) First off, thank you for not telling us your life story prior to hitting us up with the ingredients. Yeesh, talk about a pet peeve. Straight to business here.. I like it!As far as the food, the lobster came out delicious! I've done this several times now, and it's a great recipe. awesome, easy and delicious! This had to be the BEST lobster tail I've ever had...Basic and delicious!!! 1/2 the saltgreen egg 450F10-12 minutes for good size tails First time cooking lobster tails at home and it was amazing. Will absolutely be using this recipe again. #allamericangrilling
