Carne Asada Tacos
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/37336/carne-asada-tacos/
Place sliced meat into a shallow bowl, and season with salt, black pepper, and crushed red pepper. Squeeze the lime juice over the meat, and turn until evenly coated. Cover, and refrigerate for 30 minutes. In a blender or food processor, combine tomatillo and jalapeno. Puree for 15 to 20 seconds, or until thick. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over medium high heat. Carefully pour in tomatillo mixture. Cook, stirring frequently, for 5 minutes. Stir in beef broth. Reduce heat, and simmer for 20 to 30 minutes, or until mixture coats a spoon. Transfer mixture to a serving dish. Heat tablespoon oil in a large skillet over high heat. Stir in 1/3 of the beef, and saute for 1 minute. Transfer to serving dish. Repeat with remaining beef. Meanwhile, heat tortillas in the oven or microwave, according to package instructions. To serve, place two tortillas on top of each other. Add desired amount of meat, spoon over some tomatillo mixture. Top with onions, tomatoes, avocado and cilantro. Garnish with a wedge of lemon, to be squeezed over taco before eating.
I used La Victoria Salsa Verde(16 0z Jar) and that takes all the work out of prepping the sauce, leaving just the time it takes to cook it down. This sauce is made with Tomatillos and jalapenos-it came out great! This is a recipe worth trying. I was looking for a good carne asada recipe. This was a recipe for a lazy  tomatillo salsa and then a quick marinate for meat but the meat was bland. Really enjoyed this recipe! I've been looking for some more traditional mexican style carne asada tacos and this was it. Brings back great memories of serving in Mexico. Used some salsa from the store, but still came out really nicely. I would reccomend. It was delish! My family added shredded cheddar to our’s but with or without they were perfect! Family loved it and I was told 'this one is a keeper'. I was pleasantly surprised that my finicky daughter eight more tacos than us! She loved them. This was easy to make and was good. I used KC strip steak which made it very tender. I cut back on the peppers, but it could have used more. We prefer flour tortillas so we used those. I didn't understand why you would double the tortillas up so I didn't. I marinated for a couple of hours. I will make this again. Loved it! These are now my favorite tacos. I had to do a lot of substitution as it's the end of the month, and money and groceries are low. Good, but not as good as I'm sure they could have been - will try again when I have all the right ingredients! This dish was absolutely delicious!  The tomatillo sauce is one of the best sauces I've ever tasted.  I bought the meat already sliced thin making the dish that much quicker to make.  I can't wait to eat the leftovers! Absolutely PERFECT! I LOVED the salsa recipe. Not too spicy, not too mild
