Chicken Tacos
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/37906/chicken-tacos/
Combine chicken, lemonade, olive oil, lime juice, and Worcestershire sauce in a large skillet over medium heat. Stir in garlic powder, onion powder, and bay leaf. Simmer until chicken is tender and juices run clear, 15 to 20 minutes. Meanwhile, warm the tortillas in the oven or microwave until soft. When chicken is fully cooked, transfer to serving bowl. Place chopped tomatoes, lettuce, cheese, salsa, and sour cream in serving dishes. Each person can create their own wrap, using their preferred ingredients.
Based on some of the reviews here I made some changes. In place of the Worcestershire sauce, which I really only like on beef, I used some cumin, corriander, chili powder, crushed red pepper, sea salt, and fresh black pepper. I also used fresh lemonade, (real lemons juice, simple syrup and water) and a lot of lime juice. I marinated the chicken in the lemon/lime juice for an hour, and I also simmered it until there was very little liquid left, like others have mentioned. My family really enjoyed it. Although I made some changes, the recipe was a great starting out point. Thanks! The chicken tacos were okay. My family didn't like the lemonade taste. If I make it again, I will add lemon juice instead. Wonderful waz messy lol but totally good :D The chicken was too sweet. Next time I will try using half lemonade and half chicken broth, and add cilantro and cumin. easy and tasty Doubled down on the garlic... because... dah Garlic!!Did add a base of diced tomatoes to stew it with [3 medium tomatoes to be exact] and changed out the hot stuff with a favourite hot sauce of mine - Wreck Peach - only available in Canada at present ...sorry to say Chicken Tacos by caliboo.  Kids liked, but it needs work. We love this recipe.  We made it last night for the first time in about 9 months & I had forgotten how delicious & easy this was!  We do add 1/2TSP of Taco Seasoning.  I do NOT think this recipe is enough for 8 servings.  We made 50% more and barely had enough for 4 people, so keep that in mind.  (We used mini tortillas & had enough for about 8 tacos). Very tasty!  The only change I made was to add one finely chopped jalapeno to the meat mixture to add a little heat.  My husband and I both loved it!
