Thornehedge Peach Slaw
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/38021/thornehedge-peach-slaw/
Place the pecan pieces in a skillet over medium heat, and cook, stirring constantly, until lightly toasted. In a large bowl, mix the pecans, cabbage, 8 fresh peaches, red bell pepper, yellow bell pepper, green onions, and celery seed. Cover and chill 45 minutes in the refrigerator. In a blender or food processor, blend the 1/2 cup chopped peaches until smooth. Transfer to a bowl, and mix with the oil, honey, lemon juice, salt, and pepper. Chill until slaw is ready to be served, then toss with slaw to coat. Garnish slaw with mint sprigs.
What a knock out dish. Something totally different that was perfect at the last BBQ I attended. I've even made this without the cabbage (cut the celery seeds in half if you do. Thanks for the recipe!! I used regular cabbage instead of savoy - maybe that was the problem.  It was okay, but not great, a little bland. II used a mixture of cabbage , carrots, and kale, I also did not have a lemon or pecans.  I used cashews instead of pecans. Did not have a lot of taste, but I'm going to the store to get a lemon and pecans and try again Another winner. I added a little more lemon juice and put some celery seed in the dressing. I think next time I will probably only put the seed in the dressing. A diced red onion (maybe a quarter cup) might also give it just a bit more bite, too. This is a beautiful salad addition to your summer BBQ buffet.  Light and colorful, l found it much more interesting than standard coleslaw. The key is to have peaches that are ripe and sweet but not over ripe and mushy. Use the softest peaches for the dressing. My family loved this! I will definitely be making this again?? Absolutely delicious. Had friends over and we all liked it.Very different, but good. This  was very tasty and definitely different from our normal coleslaw! I used regular cabbage( approx 2c) , onion and peppers( chopped) , and 1 peach. IN the blender, I used a little less than  a full 1/4 c. of honey, and lemon juice and a full 1/4  c. of olive oil, and 1/2 of peach.Mixed all of that in blender with mint and it was nice. Added some dashes of salt and pepper and a couple of dashes of chipotle pepper( it needed a bit of something for a little spice) chilled for a little bit before eating and we really enjoyed it with our dinner! Definitely will make again! Made this for a family BBQ. Did not have savoy cabbage so used ordinary cabbage and also did not have pecans.  Every one just loved it and asked for the recipe.  Will definitely make again. Liked the slaw portion of this salad, but didn't care for the dressing.  The peaches are a great addition to the slaw.  I thought the taste of the honey overpowered all the other ingredients in the dressing.  I served the toasted pecans separately so those that don't care for them could leave them off.  I'm going to try making this again and use less honey in the dressing.  Thanks for sharing your recipe. I used regular cabbage, not the savoy.  Although the yellow and red peppers would have made this colorful, I just used a green pepper.  I did without the onions and celery seed.  The salad dressing was what really made this!  Next time I can't wait to try this using the pecans and mint as called for.  Today, I put cashews on as garnish.
