Blackened Fish
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/38028/blackened-fish/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix together paprika, dry mustard, cayenne pepper, cumin, black pepper, white pepper, thyme, and salt in a small bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat a heavy cast iron pan on high heat until extremely hot, about 10 minutes. While the pan is heating, pour 3/4 cup melted butter into a shallow dish. otdash Meredith Food Studio Dip each fillet into butter, turning once to coat both sides. otdash Meredith Food Studio Sprinkle both sides of fillets with spice mixture; gently pat mixture onto fish. otdash Meredith Food Studio Working in batches, place fillets into the hot pan without crowding. Carefully pour about 1 teaspoon melted butter over each fillet. Cook until fish has a charred bottom, about 2 minutes. Turn fillets and spoon about 1 teaspoon melted butter over each. otdash Meredith Food Studio Continue cooking until bottoms are charred, 1 to 2 minutes. Repeat with remaining fish. Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
Several years ago (and many times since) I had blackened fish at what is considered Milwaukee's finest seafood restaurant, and from that first bite I was smitten. Over the years I've tried it at home with different seasonings and finally found a seasoning blend I loved. Hubby and I also perfected the method--we eliminate the smoke issue by heating the cast iron pan over fiery hot coals and blacken the fish outdoors! Bored with the same seasoning, I wanted to try my hand at mixing one up myself and happened along this recipe. I realized that between the three peppers this might be a little too hot for us, so I cut the cayenne to 1/2 tsp. leaving the amounts of the other peppers the same. It still was too hot for hubby, so next time I'll cut the white and black peppers back a bit too, to maybe 3/4 tsp. each--but this is just a matter of personal taste. I also added some garlic powder. I like using a thinner filet for this method of preparation, and tilapia is a perfect choice. The final result? This is blackened fish perfection, as fine as I had in that first restaurant experience. Love this seasoning! Great but a touch ro spicy for my wife. . Will try again without cayenne tomorrow.  Nwe’ce had blacked fish at restaurants before and know its supposed to be spicy but she wants to knock it  back a little. Great recipe. Easy to make.  Has lots of flavor. Only problem is you need a well ventilated area. I cooked mine in a cast iron pan on my grill. Well….recipe is easy to follow. I lit up my cast iron pan as suggested. It resulted in a billowing smoke. My smoke alarm went off and my neighbor called 911. I had 5 firemen in my apartment within a half hour. The fish is well… ok. I don’t recommend high heat….and for the record, yes firemen are gorgeous. 🔥 Used mahi and it turned out awesome!  Glad I did it outside. used this with cod.. cooked on smoking hot cast iron skillet on grill.. turned out great... not as spicy as we like (will use a bit more cayenne next time) but it was very tasty. Made a avocado creama, purple cabbage, mango salsa and wrapped in tortilla... so good... Very spicy,  but tasty with rice and a salad Fried up some hogfish. Was just looking for the method. Used Yella Stuff and basted with butter, lemon juice, and lemon pepper seasoning. Cooked perfectly! Great recipe for introducing the kids to blackened fish.  I used red snapper.  Served with white rice and broccoli.  Next time 1 more tsp cayenne pepper and 2 lbs of fish instead of 1 to serve 3.  It’s been added to the meal list. So, I don’t really enjoy eating fish, even though I do love to fish.We thought tacos might be a good way cook some striper we caught, and this is the recipe for it!I loved it!As others said, it’s very Smokey so I use a cast iron skilled over charcoal outside and it worked great.Made some homemade tortillas and guac and it was amazing!
