Stuffed Eggplant
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/38331/stuffed-eggplant/
Gather ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a rimmed baking sheet with foil. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cut around the edge of the flesh in each eggplant half using a sharp paring knife, leaving a 1/2-inch border. Scoop out flesh using a spoon, leaving 1/2-inch-thick shell; reserve flesh and chop into bite-size pieces. otdash Meredith Food Studio Brush shells with 2 tablespoons olive oil and season with salt and pepper; set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large, deep skillet over medium high heat. Add sausage, onion, mushrooms, and garlic; cook and stir until sausage is evenly brown. Stir in reserved chopped eggplant and basil. Add pasta sauce; cook and stir for 5 minutes. Mix in 1/2 cup of panko and 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stuff mixture into eggplant shells. Combine remaining panko and cheese in a small bowl; sprinkle over stuffing. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until eggplant is tender, 45 to 50 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio
OH MY GOD, this was amazing. I didn't follow the recipe though, this is what I added/did: 1-scraped the eggplant and put the shells in the oven at 350. 2-chopped up half of a very large onion, added a can of mushrooms, and some minced garlic...threw all that into the pan and sprayed with Mazola olive oil spray. I sauteed all that until it was nice and soft, spraying occasionally with the spray. Then I added a little of 1/2 pound of sweet italian sausage. Once that was cooked, I added the eggplant. Cook a while. Added generous amount of parsley and a splash of white wine. 3-Added a can of basil, oregano, and garlic diced tomatoes. 4-added less than 1/2 cup of breadcrumbs, plus parmesan and mozzarella cheese. Filled the shells and popped in the oven. In the last ten minutes of baking, I sprinkld the top with more mozzarella cheese and breadcrumbs. DELICIOUS! Absolutely fantastic. I added some crushed red pepper to the stuffing mixture and also some mozzarella under the breadcrumb to make it a bit more cheesy. Served with some extra sauce. Delish! I made this recipe with mini eggplants from the farmers market.  It's tricky to get the eggplant shells cooked without overcooking the stuffing. Extra stuffing can be cooked in any oven-safe ramekin and it's yummy. Hearty yet healthy—new family fave!! fdsfff">hi">hi">hi">hi">dssssshi">hitester Because my husband is on a strict diet I replaced the sausage with ground turkey, the bread crumbs with crushed gluten-free crackers, and added kale. (We always add kale.) There was enough left over to use in some other way and we thought it was absolutely delicious. This is only the 2nd time I have cooked eggplant. What have I been missing?? We have a very small kitchen so the set up took much longer than just 15 minutes. But well worth the effort for the free eggplant that I got from the food bank the other day!
