Marinated Tuna Steak
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/39455/marinated-tuna-steak/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix orange juice, soy sauce, olive oil, parsley, lemon juice, garlic, oregano, and pepper together in a large non-reactive dish until well combined. Place tuna steaks in marinade and turn to coat. Cover the dish with plastic wrap and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat and lightly oil the grate. Remove tuna steaks from the marinade and shake off excess; reserve marinade for basting. Cook tuna steaks on the preheated grill for 5 to 6 minutes; flip steaks and baste with reserved marinade. Cook for an additional 5 minutes, or to desired doneness. Discard any remaining marinade. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
WOW!!! This tuna steak was insanely good. I followed the recipe exactly, except I pan seared the tuna for 3 minutes on each side instead of grilling it. I let the steaks marinade for 2 hours and then rest at room temperature for 10 minutes before cooking it. The fish came out awesome, so juicy and wonderfully tasty - I loved it (and I don't even like fish). I will make this again and again and again. Thanks Carin! The flavor is outstanding! I grilled mine. I really enjoyed this recipe, but unfortunately, my husband did not like it. It was very easy to make. It is a great marinade and definitely added flavor to the tuna steaks. I used dried parsley as it was on hand. Otherwise I followed the instructions. I found adding a spoonful of marinade to the top of each steak made them more flavorful. Has me hooked on tuna. Great recipe After cooking the fish in a pan, we poured the marinade into the pan and added 2 teaspoons of pomegranate concentrate. We reduced the entire mixture and served it with the fish as a sauce.  Yummy! Marinated for about 2 hours. Followed recipe, except extra garlic-ALWAYS. Definitely will make again. Grilled on grill mat. I made this exactly like the recipe stated except I baked it.   Hubby didn't feel like grilling in a nor'easter.  Marinated it for 2 hours.  350 oven for 35-40 minutes and I baked it in a dish with the marinade.  Delicious!
