Fresh Tomato Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/39544/garden-fresh-tomato-soup/
Combine tomatoes, chicken broth, garlic cloves, and a large slice of onion in a stockpot over medium heat. Bring to a boil, and gently simmer for about 20 minutes to blend flavors. otdash Meredith Food Studio otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove from heat and run the mixture through a food mill into a large bowl, or pan. Discard any stuff left over in the food mill. otdash Meredith Food Studio Melt butter over medium heat in the now empty stockpot. Stir in flour to make a roux by cooking, whisking constantly, until mixture turns medium brown. otdash Meredith Food Studio Gradually whisk in a bit of the tomato mixture to prevent lumps from forming, then stir in the rest. otdash Meredith Food Studio Season with sugar and salt to taste. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO
I always get a kick out of the reviews that change a recipe so much that it is no longer anything near the original! Look, the whole point of this recipe is that it is uncomplicated. There are plenty of really good fancy-sassy tomato soup recipes to try, if that's what you want. But this soup sticks to a great principle: simple recipes are often the best. And the result is what tomato soup should taste like. Few additives and fresh, ripe tomatoes. Real tomato flavor. Don't change a thing and you will be rewarded. I love the recipe, I've made it twice. I added basil and 18% cream at the end of cooking. I did use a can of whole peeled tomatoes i threw in some garlic to taste baking soda helps with acidity I used 2fresh tomatoes from the garden I love the recipe, but I added1 tbsp of flour and used my immersion blender and I did not run it through a sieve I left it the way it was thick. And I must say it's delicious A very easy recipe; however 4 cups of tomatoes does not provide the servings indicated. It helps, greatly, to have a food mill otherwise I can't imagine how one would get all the juice and seasoning out of the cooked tomatoes. I added a 14 oz can of organic tomatoes during the milling process as I wanted more soup. The seasoning was not affected with this change. The only other season I added was basil during the cooking process, and I used agave nectar instead of white sugar. The photo and recipe indicates a stockpot; but a 3 quart sauce pan is more than sufficient. I made the roux in the 3 qt sauce pan and pored the tomato soup into same pan. I think that the soup tastes great. It is a good way to use up extra tomatoes too. By the way I like it when reviewers tell us about the changes they make. It is interesting to see the variations. Thanks Pretty good for being so simple. I’d prefer a little more flavor, but this is an excellent base. I added some oat milk and thought hat was tasty as well. It's super easy to make and comes together really fast. I used homegrown tomatoes which made the soup very flavorful.So yummy! So, I substituted Avocado for tomatoes and cumin for butter and it tasted more like Guacamole... Um... It was perfect as written. Leave it alone or submit your own recipe. I did scale it up 3x and froze what we didn't eat. This is a very good tomato soup. I followed it exactly & even added the tomato paste- -very, very good!! I needed a way to use up an abundance of vine-ripened, homegrown tomatoes. This was PERFECT! I prepared it, mostly, as instructed (I used 4 whole cloves instead of 4 cloves of garlic as others have mentioned), I omitted the sugar as the tomatoes were sweet enough. I used a very juicy type of tomato, so after peeling and cutting them up, I left them in a colander to drain most of the liquid out. I don't have a food mill so I used an immersion blender. There were still seeds in the soup, but that didn't matter to me. It was SUCH a fresh tasting recipe with simple ingredients. I will keep this one, for sure! This is a really good soup. I make this alot. I added some green pepper and alittle hot pepper to a X9 batch. Very flavorful. Needs a little basil. I've used this recipe for years but I see that it has changed a bit, perhaps accidentally: the original called for 4 whole cloves, meaning the spice as seen in the prep photo. Now the recipe and instructions both mention "garlic" cloves (which were not part of the original recipe) and no longer mention whole cloves. I recommend the whole cloves as the spice gives the soup a nice depth of flavor.
