Cranberry Orange Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/40180/cranberry-orange-cookies/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Make the cookies: Cream butter, white sugar, and brown sugar in a mixing bowl until smooth. Beat in egg until well blended. Mix in orange juice and zest. otdash Meredith Food Studio Whisk together flour, baking soda, and salt in a separate bowl. Stir flour mixture into the butter mixture until combined. Mix in cranberries and walnuts until evenly distributed. otdash Meredith Food Studio Drop dough by rounded tablespoonfuls 2 inches apart onto ungreased cookie sheets. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven, switching racks halfway through, until edges are golden, 12 to 14 minutes. Transfer cookies to wire racks to cool completely. otdash Meredith Food Studio Meanwhile, make the glaze: Mix together confectioners' sugar, orange juice, and zest in a small bowl until smooth. otdash Meredith Food Studio Spread glaze over the tops of the cooled cookies; let stand until set. otdash Meredith Food Studio
WOW! What a wonderful cookie. I just made these last night for a cookie tray and they were the best of all five varities I tried. I did make a few changes to the recipe: *I added 1 1/2 tsp of zest like some of the other reviews suggested. *I used fresh cranberries and sliced them in half (not chopped). I thought they were the perfect size when the cookies baked. *Some of the other reviews suggested adding vanilla extract, but I think that almond extract and cranberries are made for eachother, so... I added about 1/4-1/2 tsp. almond extract. *Instead of walnuts, I added almond gems to accompany the extract. The gems are small enough so they don't stand out too much -- perfect for nut lovers and perfect for the rest of us! *I decided to try the cookies w/o the frosting first because of some reviews stating that the cookies were too sweet. I thought the cookies were perfect w/o the frosting, so why hassel?!! *Also, if I left them in the oven one second longer than 12 minutes, they were overcooked. Great tasting and so easy to make. I increased the orange zest and juice. Like other reviewers suggested. Worth the effort! I use OJ frozen concentrate right from the can instead of OJ. These don’t stay fresh too long, but they don’t last too long anyway :) These are very good.  The glaze is good on them but not necessary.  I like to use small scoops so that they come out a bit crispier.  I also used dried cranberries and they worked fine. These cookies were delicious! I’ll definitely make them again. Next time I’ll only use 1.5 cups of cranberries. I didn’t add the glaze and used the juice from the orange I zested; which I added the zest from the entire orange. I baked them for 11 mins and they were perfect. The batch made 45 cookies. Great recipe.  Didn’t change anything, except.  I decided not to do the glaze. These are some of the greatest cookies in the entire universe.  Make them exactly how the recipe says. This time, I made them with cream cheese flavoured chippits. Perfect. I LOVED the icing on these. Such a nice bright flavor of orange. They look pretty too! Turned out really well. I changed the orange zest to 1 tablespoon after reviews  mentioned it was weak, and the cookies had a very strong orange flavor. Next time I will use the recommended 1 teaspoon to make a better balance of flavors. I also thought these cookies were very sweet, there was no tartness from the cranberries at all. I will make this again and trying halving the sugar to see if baking is different. 10-12 minutes also was better, anything over and they burned.
