Swamp Frog
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/40304/swamp-frog/
In a very large container, such as a cooler large plastic bucket, combine citrus soda, lemonade concentrate, limeade concentrate and alcohol. Serve with Ice.
I used this for a Halloween party, it made alot and was gone quickly. In PA where I live you cant buy grain alchol so I used 100 proof vodka and it was still great! I did add a can of frozen pinapple concentrate and floated slices of lime and orange on top. We also had frozen hands with gummy worms inside, floating around as well. It had quite a kick and was still really good! Fantastic!!! Looks like a swamp. Shrek would be proud. But also looks like vomit scraped off the floor from a concert in Vegas Ahh!! I made this for my Halloween Party last night! I made two batches for 20 people and it was gone by the end of the night. I put in green food coloring and it was spooky and delightful. I used diet Sierra Mist so it wouldn't be super sweet. Best party ever. Will make for my Christmas party and add red food coloring with green cups. :) Everyone loved this. Will make again. looks realy good and cool In our 4 years of Halloween parties, this was the only punch we ever ran out of.  It was a huge success! I made this for a Halloween Party last year and everyone's begging me to make it again this year!  Absolutely YUMMY!!!! Made this for a friend's birthday party and it was a huge hit. I used a few types of flavored rum and also added pineapple sherbet which added more flavor and kept it looking extra swampy. Love it :) This is a really great punch. However the punch that it packs is a little to strong for me.  I used 5 Dt. Mtn Dews and the rest of the ingredients and it was still very potent! For a longer party I suggest doubling all ingredients except the 190 proof.  The taste is great! I made this for our Halloween party last night and it was a big hit. We made three batches. Based on other reviewer's suggestions, we substituted 80 proof vodka for the grain alcohol and added rainbow sherbert. It was kind of like an alcoholic creamsicle. I don't always like sweet drinks, but it was a nice treat. It was also potent, so I warned my guests to watch out.
