Seasoned Cornish Hens
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/40453/seasoned-cornish-hens/
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). In a large bowl, mix soy sauce, oyster sauce, garlic, and pepper. Place Cornish game hens in the mixture, and marinate 10 minutes. Transfer hens to a medium baking dish, and cover with the marinade mixture. Cover dish with foil and bake 30 minutes in the preheated oven. Remove cover from dish, and place 1 tablespoon butter on each hen. Increase oven temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Basting frequently with the marinade mixture, continue baking 30 minutes, or until exterior of the hens is lightly browned and crisp, the interior is no longer pink, and juices run clear.
Fabulous flavor! Just the right amount of spice. I didn't have oyster sauce, and wasn't in the mood to make a trip for it, so I just omitted it, and it was still excellent. I'm sure it would be even more excellent with all the ingredients. Served with lemon herb rice and green beans--dinner for two for under 5 bucks. Can't beat that! My husband and I absolutely loved this recipe. Great flavor, very moist. I added a little more garlic than recommended and it was sooo good. A favorite dish now. Very good******Quick and easy I made this recipe and it's easy and delicious. Excellent.  Roasted 325 for 1 hour covered.  Uncovered & roasted 30 more min at 350.  Made sauce with pan drippings, added chicken stock and thickened with corn starch. This was pretty good.  I made it as part of New Year's Day dinner.  Marinated the birds for about an hour, turning several times.  Cooking time was a little longer than indicated, even using 18 oz birds.  If I do this again I will probably put them on a rack to keep them from sitting in the marinade.  May also finish them at high heat to crisp the skin. Very good! Great recipe. I skipped the oyster sauce, but followed all other directions. Flavorful and not dry. If you have string, I would use it... as you can see the legs move apart as it cooks. The little fella looks like  it wants to jump off the plate and sprint out the door. Very goid recipe. Delicious, Easy and Nice Presentation.  Would give it more stars if I could.  Thanks for a great recipe.  ?? It was good I added hot sauce. You have to use real butter or it doesn’t brown all pretty. I made a side of new potatoes whole fried then put it with the hens. Spinach on the side that’s where I put the garlic. I used two average size hens (2.2lbs each) and the cooking time was not enough. After they were done I did decide that I’m not a Cornish game hen fan.
