Red Cabbage
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/40533/red-cabbage/
Place water in a large saucepan over high heat. Stir in cabbage, apples, vinegar, brown sugar, 1 tablespoon butter, cinnamon, allspice, and cloves. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat, cover, and simmer, stirring occasionally, until cabbage is tender, about 45 minutes. Stir in remaining 1 tablespoon butter before serving.
Excellent recipe, just like the Rohtkole you find in the best German restaurants. Add a bay leaf or two for really authentic german flavor. Froze well in my foodsaver and reheated better than the first time! So simple! This was my first year with a garden plot and I’ve ended up with a TON of red cabbage. This is a great way to use them up. A great cold or hot side dish for any meal of the day. I added a half of a cup of raisins to add a different texture…I think I’ve had the dish with them in it before. A PA Dutch favorite! I followed this recipe pretty closely except used only one apple bc that's all I had on hand. Really tasty side dish!I thought the cloves might have ruined it because it smelled very strong while cooking but end flavor was smooth. This was on high simmer for the full 45 min. I thought it could have used more time and would have had to add more liquid but we were hungry so just ate it. Served with field roast vegetarian bratwurst and beer for a good German fix! This was too sweet for me, and had too many apples. Delicious.  Thank you very much for sharing. We thought it was too sour. Probably try a similar recipe next time with less vinegar and maybe some apple juice added to it. Delicious and easy. I added about  1/2C of onions ~ MMmmmmm! Excellent red cabbage recipe.  Followed the recipe, but cut it in half. Will definitely be making this again.  Excellent with pork and lamb I would have never thought to pair apples and cabbage until now. Never having eaten this before, I invited friends over that has had it.  This recipe was so easy to follow, and they said the taste was spot on.  I LOVED it!
