Best Ziti Ever
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/40549/best-ziti-ever/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain. Place sausage in a large, deep skillet. Cook over medium high heat until evenly brown. Drain, crumble and set aside. In a large saucepan, heat marinara with 1 teaspoon basil until bubbling. In a medium bowl, mix together ricotta, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, salt and pepper. Spread bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish with sauce. Layer 1/2 of the ziti, 1/2, the sausage, 1/2 of the ricotta, and 1/2 the mozzarella. Spoon half of the sauce over top. Repeat layers. Sprinkle top with remaining 1/2 teaspoons basil and Italian seasoning. Bake in preheated oven for 40 to 45 minutes.
Wow, this made so much food! We made some changes to the dish, and it was amazing! We only baked it for 35 minutes because the cheese on top was getting overdone on 350 degrees F. We used turkey instead of sausage and added 2 cloves of garlic and a half cup of yellow onion to spice up the turkey. Also we used 1 jar of Emmeril's "Roasted Red Pepper" sauce in addition to one jar of the marinara. Using only 3 cups of cheese instead of 4 made us feel better about the high fat content. But we used italian cheese instead of just plain mozzarella. It was excellent, and now we have food for days! My husband absolutely loved it! He can be hard to please. Few changes. Added onion and garlic with hamburger(instead of sausage).  Subbed basil, oregano for Italian seasoning. 12 oz. Of pasta instead of 16 oz. For MY notes:added 1 small diced onion, 1 tbsp minsed garlic, 1 tsp italian seasoning, mixed blend of italian cheeses, fresh mozarella & chopped fresh parsley in ricotta blend and on topsub'd 1 lb hamburger meat. (no sausage)bake @ 350 for 20 mins, rest for 10 mins loved it Always a HIT in my house It’s a hit!! It’s a great recipe. I tweaked it by adding slightly more ingredients and crushed/powdered fennel. I’m always concerned about drying out baked pastas like ziti or lasagna. Last time I used copious amounts of mozzarella in my lasagna, it dried up somewhat. So I left the mozzarella for the top of this ziti. Came out well. I added an egg and some heavy cream to the ricotta to keep it creamy, not “cakey.” Added grated parm and spices salt/pep to the ricotta and did the layering with sauce and sausage. Everyone loved it. The 9x13 pan is perfect size. This recipe is a good one! Made as listed. I got distracted and did not layer has noted but this dish still turned out really good. Made a ton, so froze enough for a couple more meals. My husband LOVES pasta, and we both drool over baked ziti. It was kind of a pain to make, but it ended up being delicious. Prepare to make this in a larger dish than what is expected.
