Leftover Turkey Tetrazzini
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/40545/turkey-tetrazzini-ii/
Gather all ingredients, preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and lightly grease a baking dish. LLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUG Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add spaghetti, and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente. Drain, and place in the prepared baking dish. LLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUG Melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Stir in flour. Mix in chicken broth and milk. Cook and stir until the mixture comes to a boil. Stir in about 1 1/3 cups Parmesan cheese, and remove from heat. LLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUG Mix chicken broth mixture and turkey with spaghetti. Top with remaining cheese. LLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUG Bake 1 hour in the preheated oven, until surface is lightly browned. LLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUG Serve and enjoy! LLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUG
UPDATED: I made this again last night with the following additions & it was even better! I added some chopped celery to the onion & garlic and sauteed in olive oil until tender. Then added 1/4 c. sliced mushrooms & sauteed a little longer. Set aside the sauteed vegetables and make a roux in a separate saucepan with the flour & olive oil, and then add sherry wine (1/4 cup) to the broth and then milk (cook about 5 mins, continually stirring). Follow the rest of my review below & you'll love it!When I reached the right consistency, I added frozen peas, chopped turkey, and freshly grated parmesan and asiago cheeses (or romano is good too). I like linguine instead of spaghetti. Add pepper and salt to taste. Top with seasoned bread crumbs with melted butter on top and bake about 1/2 hour til bubbly. Quite yummy! I have made this before, I added 4oz of mushrooms to the onions. Today I swapped the leftover turkey for rotisserie chicken. All the extra veggies I had were canned French-style green beans, I added them at the end since all they needed was warming. Delish This recipe was very disappointing. The dish was tasteless! And it’s not fair to rate a recipe based on all the changes you have to make in order to make it taste good. Making changes to a dish makes it a whole new recipe. As others recommended, I added WAY more seasoning (in my case garlic, onion, rosemary, thyme, blue cheese dip powder, black pepper and chili), little less liquid and only 30 min in the oven, with high heat at the end. I think it was a great way to use leftover turkey! I'm leaving this review for the people screaming Bland. Are you aware you can put things like sautéed veggies n seasonings in this?I sautéed 16 oz of carrot, onion, celery, and poblano with 2 oz butter and garlic. I halved the recipe, added the sautéed veggies when I added the turkey per the recipe. Best Tett3izini I've ever made. Yall need to learn to cook. Great base: I like that it doesn’t use canned soup. To add flavor, I added frozen peas, a sautéed onion and mushrooms as well as about a tsp tarragon, salt and pepper. Thanks for sharing! I’ve made this many times and it’s always a hit.  Friends request it often.  Love it!! I love this and it’s a family favorite!  I use rotisserie chicken or turkey. If I use turkey I add a dash of sage. I add a dash of garlic powder for chicken or turkey. I make my vegetable on the side (I have picky eaters). I make the noodles firm so they aren’t mush when I bake. See Most Helpful Positive Review by Rebecca Jo.  I followed her advice and sauteed celery, fresh mushrooms and onion.  I added the flour with the cooked veggies in the pan to make a roux.   You really don't need to remove the veggies.  I then added the broth, milk and grated parm (I just used Kraft), Italian seasoning and brought it to a boil.   I poured the thickened mixture to the 9 x 13 greased baking dish which already had the cooked spaghetti and chicken meat (or turkey) and used my tongs to toss  the mixture with the pasta and topped with additional cheese.Warning:  This fills the baking dish to the top.   Check it after 30 mins.    No way should it cook for an hour.    It's a simple recipe that is quite good. This is a great base to add other veggies and spices! Overall, the recipe is good. However, I'm surprised I don't see any complaints about the baking time. I baked mine, uncovered, for an hour at 350 and it came out completely dry and crusty! Unfortunately ruined it. I'll try to make it again b/c I think its a good recipe, but would bake it for half the time or at least cover it!
