Easy Decadent Truffles
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/41236/easy-decadent-truffles/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Beat cream cheese in a large bowl until smooth. Gradually beat in confectioners' sugar until well blended. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in melted chocolate and vanilla until no streaks remain. Refrigerate until just set so about 15 to 30 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Shape chilled mixture into 1-inch balls. otdash Meredith Food Studio Roll balls into your favorite toppings, if desired. Enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
Made the first time to recipe and they were pretty good. But with adjustments they were fantastic!I wanted a truffle that had the really "melt in your mouth" center with the harder chocolate thick coating.I used 1 package of cream cheese, 2 cups of milk chocolate chips, 2 cups powdered sugar and 1 1/2 tsp almond extract. prepared as directed, but after rolling into balls, I put in the fridge for 1/2 hour to harden a bit more. I then melted 3 large squares of "almond bark" chocolate (dipping chocolate found in the chocolate chip part of the grocery store) and 3 large squares of "almond bark" vanilla. I melted them for 60 seconds in the microwave, stirred, 20 seconds more. Then dipped the balls in with a fork so chocolate could drip off and placed on wax paper to cool. These held up in tupperware for days. Everyone loved them. Good base recipe.  I creamed the block of cream cheese per the recipe but then followed DawnsDone recommendations to use only 2 cups of powdered sugar instead of 3 cups.  Melted 2 cups of dark chocolate chips and used 1 1/2 tsp vanilla flavoring in place of almond extract since I didn't have any.  Mixed well and then chilled for 30 mins.  After forming into balls I lightly sprinkled them with sifted cocoa powder instead of dipping them in chocolate.  Yielded 48, half inch truffles.  They are rich and delicious but not overly sweet. Rating it a 5 because the key part about a fantastic recipe is about "CUSTOMIZING IT" so this is REALLY one to save, it's a GREAT , solid base starter for some REALLY (and honestly easy but watch out for sugar sensitive ppl! GIVE THEM WARNINGS!) The ability to change some of the cream cheese to mix marscapone into it  They are awesome instead of vanilla I put peppermint it’s really good Doing these as gifts Nice but MUCH TO SWEET, will use less sugar the next time!!!! the only thing i changed was the time in the fridge..I kept adjusting the time out on the table due to our southern climate..But this is an awesome, yummy recipe that was a huge hit with family and friends! Easy and Delish. Turned out so pretty!! Was a nice addition to my holiday baked gifts.... YUM! My fav was dark choc with lemon extract, rolled in lemon curd and then powdered sugar. I really thought truffles HAD to be dipped to be good.  Not as written.  Just rolled them in unsweetened cocoa, and unsweetened cocoa with fine ground coffee.  Now, if you add liquid flavoring (rum, Grand Manier, Kahlua, etc), the truffle doesn't get as firm, and just soaks up powder coating.  I used 2 tbls per 1/3 recipe and can barely taste (omit vanilla if other flavoring).  On those, I did melt bittersweet chocolate with a dab of shortening, and dipped.  The "shell" protects the soft middle.  Word of advice, unless you like coma sweet, cut the sugar in half.  I cut it down a third, and it's still a bit sweet.  Will probably use 1/3 bittersweet chocolate next time.  People talk about the time, but it's just easy.  Having to wait an hour or so for them to harden enough to roll was the most time consuming.
