Banana Cranberry Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/41679/banana-cranberry-bread/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease two 9x5-inch loaf pans. Beat sugar and shortening together in a large bowl until light and fluffy. Beat in eggs, one at a time, then mix in bananas, cranberry sauce, milk, and vanilla. Whisk flour, baking soda, baking powder, cinnamon, and nutmeg together in a bowl; gradually stir into banana mixture. Fold in walnuts. Pour into the prepared loaf pans. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into centers comes out clean, 50 to 60 minutes. Cool in pans for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a wire rack, and cool completely.
This was GREAT! Made it for our Mother's Day get together. I never use shortening and always sub it with sour cream, I also used a whole can of whole cranberry sauce. I also made one loaf with nuts, the other without. Otherwise, I followed the recipe. I will make this again! I made it and it is really good.Next time, I would like to do away with the shortening and diminish the amount of white sugar which i do not regularly consume anymore, I had to go and buy some for this recipe... so I will use it as a base recipe and go from there..maybe use buttermilk or applesauce instead and more cranberries and more bananas to balance and keep the moisture and sweetness in the bread...also will bake in foil small loaves tins...they baked really nice.- I halved the ingrediates foe one loaf.  I substituted cranberry's for cranberry sauce and added some dry malt to the mix.  Turned out excellent and may use it for French Toast in the morning. Excellent base recipe! I had half an acorn squash to use and decided to sread it  and use it for the shortening. I also cut the sugar to 3/4 cup. I used whole fresh cranberries because I didn't have any sauce. I added just about 2 tablespoons of mini semisweet chocolate chips. It came out beautifully and tastes amazing! This is a delicious change from my usual Banana Bread. I added a handful of dried cranberries to make it even more fally, and the banana flavor still came through. I made this with my leftover homemade cranberry sauce. It came out so moist & full of flavor, that I am DEFINITELY adding this to our holiday traditions. Update 12/22Small gifting loaves are baking in my Ninja oven/grill/fryer. This was excellent. So good that my family couldn't wait till it even cooled to dig into it. too much banana I used dry cranberries and added orange juice . Very good and moist and delicious. My boyfriend loved it I've made several kinds of alterations to banana bread, but this was by far the husband's favorite recipe.  I can't seem to figure out  why this recent batch sunk, I know I had the right amount of leavening.
