Quick Chinese-Style Vermicelli (Rice Noodles)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/41761/quick-chinese-style-vermicelli-rice-noodles/
Fill a large pot with water and bring to a rolling boil; stir in rice noodles and return to a boil. Cook until al dente, 2 to 3 minutes; try not to overcook as they will become mushy. Drain. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and sauté until tender. Stir in noodles; season with soy sauce, chili sauce, salt, and pepper. Sprinkle with chopped green onion.
This is a great Asian-style noodle dish. I used to work at a Chinese Restaurant and the simplicity of this dish closely mirrors that style of cooking. If you're looking for a noodle recipe with a heavy or zesty sauce, French or Italian-style dishes are a better choice. That said.....I LOVE this dish! I used vermicelli instead of the rice noodles and doubled the garlic, soy sauce, and chili sauce. A very quick and simple dish. Thanks for posting Serena! As others have said the  recipe may be bland for some. But this is a basic recipe, and as with any recipe it leaves this open to adding whatever you like to your taste.  For example, try one tbsp each of oyster sauce, light soy sauce and dark soy sauce (or kecap manis), plus a teaspoon of sesame oil.  Then of course it can also take up the flavours of whatever you serve it with. Great simple yet yummy recipe.  I added bell peppers to it.  I would have added mushrooms but my daughter hates mushrooms. My children and I really enjoyed this recipe with the suggested changes - doubling the added sauces and some veggies. It was pretty basic.  As written it was bland. Loved it very good, but i found there wasn't even liquid to make the pasta not stick. doubled soya sauce and added some sweet chili sauce. I made the rice noodles with chicken and shrimp and it was great! I used sesame chili oil instead of vegetable oil and also added shredded cabbage & carrots, bean sprouts and green onion!! This was dry and not a very good recipe at all Really good and easy to make. I'm a new cook and bought the wrong vermicelli rice noodles. Still great!
