Easy Apple Cider
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/42022/easy-apple-cider/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine apple cider and cinnamon sticks in a slow cooker. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place allspice and cloves onto the center of an 8-inch square piece of cheesecloth. otdash Meredith Food Studio Gather edges of the cheesecloth together and tie to secure; place in the slow cooker. Stir in brown sugar. Cook on High, covered, until mixture is steaming and sugar has dissolved. Reduce heat to Low and keep warm. otdash Meredith Food Studio
This was very good. I didn't have All Spice so looked up a substitute for it online and it said to use 1/3 tsp ground cloves, 1/3 tsp ground cinnamon, and 1/3 tsp of nutmeg for replacing 1 tsp of all spice. I did that and it turned out great.  Omitted brown sugar and allspice; cut two small oranges in half and stuck cloves in them. Boiled cider, oranges and cinnamon sticks for one-hour then warmed until serving. Made it for my staff's annual holiday potluck. I added apple slices while it cooked. Then, I added whipped topping, caramel drizzle, and ground cinnamon as a topper. Staff LOVED it!! I don’t even like cider but this was AMAZING!!! I added a little orange rind zest. However the recipe is excellent. I just never give 5 stars, even to my own self. You have to wonder about the people that rated this low weather or not they actually followed the directions. I followes the recipe then added 1 sliced orange and 1 sliced apple while it simmered all day! It tasted SOOO good! I loved this cider but can't find whole allspice so had to use ground and do some sifting.  Froze it. Good to thaw it and heat it for a winter get together crowd Very easy and good! Made with regular apple juice and added 2 slices of orange This was great & will make again! I didn't put any additional sugar in this batch and it was still really good! I made this the first time with ground spices because I didn't have whole ones. The second time I made it, I used the whole spices. Both versions turned out equally well.  It didn't have cheesecloth so I used my large tea diffuser with good results. Both times I had it in my crockpot for 3 hours on high.
