Awesome Korean Steak
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/42964/awesome-korean-steak/
In a large bowl, stir together the soy sauce, sugar, sesame seeds, sesame oil, shallots, garlic, and mirin. Add the meat, and stir to coat. Cover and refrigerate for 12 to 24 hours. Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Fry the meat for 5 to 10 minutes, or until no longer pink. Serve with salad or fried rice.
It doesn't get any better than this. This marinade is fantastic. But here's a few cosmetic suggestions to make it even more authentic: First, add three chopped green onions. Second, add one onion, thinly sliced lengthwise. However, I wouldn't dream of suggesting anything about the actual marinade, since it is absolutely perfect. This dish is the pride and joy of Koreans (and their national dish), and I'm sure you'll understand why when you try it!* A friend of mine who also makes this dish always has the most soft, tender beef. After years of badgering, I finally got her to tell me her secret. She adds a tiny amount of fresh, crushed kiwi, less than 1/8 tsp to 2 lbs of beef. I was skeptical, but gave it a shot. I can tell you that it really does work! It was melt in your mouth delicious. Don't be tempted to use more, or you'll end up with a powdery beef mush. Very Good This is only OK. It does not taste like korean beef bulgogi. It was stunning.  I didn’t have Mirin so I subbed rice wine vinegar.  Served over a Thai style rice I make.   My husband and I BOTH cleared our plates!  I used some weird cut of beef I’ve never seen before - I took to it with our piercing meat tenderizer deal and then soaked it in the marinade. I did not slice it before grilling.  Grilled it once the coals got nice and hot (fire!).   Seared it on both sides- the sugar in the recipe helps a lot with the searing.  Don’t be afraid to let that fire ride! The flavour was fantastic. Relatively easy to make. Best of all... everyone in the family ate it! I marinated the meat for 24 hours.Then drained off the marinade through a strainer.I had no mirin so I used Madeira. I used up some Tamari in place of soy sauce.I fried up the meat in small batches.I roasted some carrot sticks and green bean sticks and red bell pepper slices in plain Canola oil for the veggies. I served them separately as a foil to the beef.I tried someones idea for soba noodles tossed with sliced scallions, chopped cilantro and toasted sesame oil. YUM!!It all came out very tasty despite my concern about getting the meat out of the marinade and not having it juice out while being fried! The recipe is easy to make and follow and has the authentic Korean BBQ tasteI followed the recipe except for the following:I sliced the beef in in cubes because we like it chunky.I addes a combo of sliced Spring Onions and thinly sliced Onions instead of ShallotsPlaced the marinated beef chunks in the fridge for 3 hours but will do overnight next time.I added the sesame oil an hour or two before grillingAnd since we are on a No-Rice-Diet, I paired it with stir fry veggies. Made with cheap thin beef steaks cut into strips. After reading the reviews I added freshly grated ginger to the marinade. Made this tonight.. sliced very thin..then marinade for over 24 hrs.Will definitely make again. great way to fix an expensive piece of meat.Delicious!!! Quick and easy meal! I used rib eyes and had my butcher sliced it thin. I follow the directions but triple the marinade. Delicious! Thank you for sharing.
