Perfect Turkey
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/43655/perfect-turkey/
Rub turkey inside and out with kosher salt; place in a large stockpot and cover with cold water. Cover and refrigerate to allow turkey to soak in brine solution for 12 hours, or overnight. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Thoroughly rinse the turkey; discard the brine mixture. otdash Meredith Food Studio Brush turkey with 1/2 of the melted butter. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place breast-side down on a roasting rack in a shallow roasting pan. Stuff turkey cavity with 1/2 the onion, 1/2 the carrots, 1/2 the celery, 1 sprig of thyme, and bay leaf. Scatter remaining vegetables and thyme in the bottom of the roasting pan; pour white wine over vegetables. otdash Meredith Food Studio Roast turkey in the preheated oven, uncovered, until no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear, about 3 1/2 to 4 hours. Carefully turn turkey breast-side up about 2/3 through the roasting time, and brush with remaining butter. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh, near the bone, should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Allow turkey to rest for 30 minutes before carving.
Just a quick tip on how to brine a turkey, especially when your fridge is full of other holiday goodies! Ive done it this way for a few years now, and it works great. Instead of soaking in the stock pot overnight, I put the turkey & brine mixture in a oven bag, squeeze out the air, and tie it shut. Put the bagged turkey in a cooler with ice overnight. Perfect turkey every single year. Perfect recipe with a fresh Turkey. I will never use another recipe or frozen Turkey again 😊👍🏽! I have been making this for YEARS… due to high demand I double or triple the veggies surrounding the Turkey (carrots, celery, & onion + wine).Last year I did it from “memory” & ended up using 6ish cups of kosher salt, it was the best Turkey yet! I've been cooking turkey for many many years and  they've always turned out wonderful. However l've never once brined one...can someone please tell me why and what brining does? So juicy. Such a solid reliable recipe. Tons of compliments from family on Thanksgiving. Need it for the first time  this Christmas. Hands-down, and the best turkey I’ve ever made! The meat was so juicy and delicious and fell off the bone. Also rendered the best gravy I’ve ever made. The white wine definitely is the key. I will only use this recipe from now on. My Husband and I make this every year for Thanksgiving and it is always so Juicy.  Everyone loves it! WE do stuff the turkey, as well.WE put the Wine and all veggies in bottom of large Roaster!  YUM I had a heck of of a time trying to find a vessel big enough to hold my 13# turkey. After flooding my kitchen with a few attempts, settled on putting turkey in Turkey cooking bag inside plastic shopping bag, inside big pan.. soaked overnight.  Did add a few sprigs of Rosemary to cavity of bird. Cooked 3 hours, very moist and flavorful.
