Dad's Double Whole Grain Pancakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/44767/dads-double-whole-grain-pancakes/
In a large bowl, sift all-purpose flour, milk powder, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Stir in whole wheat flour. In a small bowl, combine sugar, eggs, water, butter and vinegar. Make a well in the flour mixture, and pour in the egg mixture. Mix until smooth. Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium heat. Pour or scoop the batter onto the griddle, using approximately 1/4 cup for each pancake. Cook until pancakes are golden brown on both sides; serve hot.
These were surprisingly excellent! I am on Weight Watchers and was looking for a healthier alternative to traditional pancakes. Using solely whole wheat flour (eliminated the all-purpose flour) gave these a nuttier flavor, but they were so light and fluffy. I substituted 1/4 cup unsweetened applesauce for the butter and used 1/4 cup + 2 tbsp. Splenda instead of sugar. I used skim milk instead of the dry milk powder and water and also added 2 tsp. flax seed and 1/2 tsp. vanilla. If the batter is too runny, it can be thickened with a little extra flour. These freeze and reheat very well for a quick and filling breakfast. Great with no-sugar maple syrup and turkey sausage links!! Made as is. Delicious YUM! Perfect Recipe I followed another reviewers suggestions and used allwhole wheat flour, no white flour, and I increased the baking soda to 3 teaspoons.  Very good recipe, definitely akeeper! reduced water to 2 cups. sometimes we do 2 cups milk and omit milk powder. This is our go to pancake recipe. It was sooooo good!!! These turned out fantastic.  My version that my family liked the most was an adaptation to the recipe where the butter was replaced with Applesauce and milk was used instead of water.  I kept the vanilla, and I added about tablespoon of cinnamon and 2 chopped apples. Good recipe!  They kind of stuck to my frying pans, which are black non-stick but they tasted great and we ate all of them (2 adults, 3 little kids)!  Yummy! These are so good! I as well did the applesauce instead of butter. So wonderful! Especially knowing these aren't bad for you! :)
