Easy Pancakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/45396/easy-pancakes/
Combine flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl. Make a well in the center, and pour in milk, oil, and egg. Mix until smooth. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium-high heat. Pour or scoop batter onto the griddle, using approximately 1/4 cup for each pancake; cook until bubbles form and the edges are dry, 1 to 2 minutes. Flip and cook until browned on the other side. Repeat with remaining batter. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
I used 2 teaspoons of baking powder, instead of 2 Tablespoons; I used only 1/2 teaspoon of salt; I added 1 teaspoon of vanilla; and I used 3 Tablespoons of melted butter in place of oil. These turned out DELISH!!!!! Added two dashes on Nutmeg and a cap full of vanilla, these came out amazing. The pancakes were fluffy and light, cooked them on low medium for 2-3 minutes on each side. Definitely adding these to my recipe book ! I used this batter to make deep fried oreos. The batter did not disappoint! The dough came out fluffy, and so tasty! Will definitely make this again. These are delicious and so easy. I have been searching for a pancake recipe and many of the buttermilk recipes have been disappointing. I love that I always have the ingredients on hand. I used 2 tsp rather than tbsp baking soda, added a dash of vanilla and a few shakes of cinnamon. I also substituted melted butter for oil. I will always be making these. Perfect and quick! Super easy and very tasty. I add about 1/2 a tsp. of vanilla just to give it some extra flavor and I cook them in hot butter to get that nice crunchy edge. Over all a great recipe. Excellent! We followed the recipe exactly as it says in terms of the baking soda and salt, and they came out great - fluffy and delicious! We subbed the all purpose flour w/ whole wheat flour and it was even better! This recipe was excellent! This was my absolute first time making pancakes and they turned out perfect! All I did to the recipe was substitute regular milk with soy milk and vegetable oil with extra virgin olive oil. I also added a dash of cinnamon, because I love cinnamon. Other than that, I still would've eaten the original recipe if I had the regular ingredients. COmpletely amazing. Made for the kids i was babysitting. I added some vanilla and chocolate chips. Deliciouss andd sooo filling!! Very Good! I made a few changes: only 1 t. of baking powder, only a dash of salt, added 1 t. of vanilla, and added a dash of cinnamon. worst recipe i have ever made in my whole life I used 2 eggs instead of 1 and no oil. Best recipe ever for fluffyyyy pancakes It was AMAZING and SUPER easy to make and tastes delitios and is also good with choclat chips,syrup,buter, and jelly Only differences for me were using a fresh egg, olive oil instead of vegetable and sea salt instead of table salt. The batter was too runny. Good for European thin pancakes but not for thick American pancakes like the ones shown in pictures. Had to add another half a cup of flour so they are a bit bland Very easy, followed recipe, did add a little vanilla extract and chopped some walnuts.  I enjoyed the thickness and flavor.  Will add to my morning staples. We use protein powder in ours, but I'm constantly asked for these.
