Grilled Chicken Adobo
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/45580/grilled-chicken-adobo/
Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat, and lightly oil grate. In a large pot, mix soy sauce, water, vinegar, honey, garlic, bay leaves, and pepper. Bring the mixture to a boil, and place the chicken into the pot. Reduce heat, cover, and cook 35 to 40 minutes. Remove chicken, drain on paper towels, and set aside. Discard bay leaves. Return the mixture to a boil, and cook until reduced to about 1 1/2 cups. Place chicken on the prepared grill, about 5 minutes on each side, until browned and crisp. Serve with the remaining soy sauce mixture.
I've made Adobo many times - for those who found that it was too salty, this has to do with the brand of soy sauce you use. If you buy Kikoman for example use 1/2 cup less than the recipe calls for or add more water. If you buy a Filipino brand like Silver Swan then follow the recipe as is and it won't be salty at all. I do not have any idea how anyone would think this is a good recipe. Do not recommend! Cut the soy and added more honey, still tastes like nothing but soy and vinegar. Also there is absolutley no reason to boil your your chicken in this for 35 to 45 minutes. Do not waste your time on this recipe. Based on some reviews I opted to reduce the soy sauce to a cup. I feel that I should have used the full amount as the chicken was not that salty.  I think it is a matter of taste as the Silver Swan soy sauce has more sodium than regular kikoman so no reason to believe that using that would make the dish less salty.The issue was that after boiling the chicken for 30 mins the thighs began to fall apart so I had to grill some bite size pieces.  It turned a bit dry but very tasty. The reduction sauce is very salty but works well in small quantities - especially if you serve over rice. I will for sure attempt again using the prescribed amount of soy sauce next time. Way too much soy sauce and vinegar.  Start with 1/2 for each and adjust accordingly.  Definitely eliminate honey, not a traditional ingredient. We enjoyed it very.much. made it with roasted potatoes but the suggestion of rice would have been a better pairing. The flavor was good and not over powering. Will definitely make it again. I only used one cup of low sodium soy salt. Everything else was the same. It was delicious. I would highly recommend it.I served it over basmati rice. It was a little too salty and I used the low sodium soy sauce. The chicken was super tender. Next time I will reduce the soy sauce by 1/2 cup and double the honey to make it a little sweeter and balance it out. Use low sodium soy sauce..  Salty So I had a friend that grew up overseas and they taught me their version of Chicken Adobo. I use chicken with skin and saute until browned. The ingredients of this dish pair well along with banana peppers on the side. I would suggest adding a 1/2 lemon for acidity to even out the flavor. Over all..... Not  bad:) Basically soy marinated chicken. Don't bother with the honey or bay leaves- the overwhelming flavor is soy sauce. And the sauce that gets reduced at the end is sooo salty, even with low sodium soy - -when you are boiling down the soy sauce, the salt staysAs someone else pointed out, the braising and the grilling times are enough to cook the chicken. Time reduction on both might help.
