Chicken Tikka Masala
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/45736/chicken-tikka-masala/
Combine yogurt, lemon juice, 2 teaspoons cumin, cinnamon, cayenne, black pepper, ginger, and 1 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in chicken, cover, and refrigerate for 1 hour. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat a grill for high heat. Lightly oil the grill grate. Thread chicken onto skewers, and discard marinade. otdash Meredith Food Studio Grill until juices run clear, about 5 minutes on each side. otdash Meredith Food Studio Melt butter in a large heavy skillet over medium heat. Sauté garlic and jalapeño for 1 minute. Season with remaining 2 teaspoons cumin, paprika, and remaining 1 teaspoon salt. Stir in tomato sauce and cream. Simmer on low heat until sauce thickens, about 20 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add grilled chicken, and simmer for 10 minutes. Transfer to a serving platter, and garnish with fresh cilantro. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve over rice.
This was sooo good! We loved it! I did make some changes. In the marinade, I used 1 tsp. garam masala instead of cinnamon, and only 1 tsp salt. I marinated all day. For the sauce, I used 3 cloves garlic. I doubled the amount of the sauce, which I would definitely recommend doing or there won't be enough to soak up with rice. :) For a doubled recipe, I used 2 tsp cumin, 2 tsp paprika, and 3 tsp garam masala (garam masala is KEY!) and only 1/2 tsp salt. I used a 15oz can of tomato sauce and about 1.75 cups heavy cream (we'll try coconut milk next time). Seriously, this tasted just like the chicken tikka masala we get at our favorite Indian restaurant. Would be delicious with Naan! Been cooking this recipe for years. Absolute family fav. Added in Masala and Tumeric, salt and garlic.  Just because, why not?  So grateful for finding this, simple, good, and quick recipe delicious meal. instructions were easy to follow but would’ve been easier if there were amounts written in metric system too.I didn’t have ginger so I didn’t put any. also put less cinnamon than the recipe.so yummy and comforting !! love it! The taste is amazing just like the restaurant, I substituted sour cream in the chicken marinade vs yogurt and used masala powder instead of cinnamon. Guys don’t be mad but I made this with a rotisserie chicken and I’m going to review based on what I did. I mixed the marinade with a bit of cream bc I didn’t have yogurt and added a deboned and diced Costco roto-chick, set aside and basically followed the recipe for the sauce. I did what other reviewers mentions like swapping cinnamon for garam masala and cutting the salt down. I also doubled the sauce which is a must for a whole chicken. I feel like I hit won the easy weeknight dinner lottery!! Too basic. Needs more salt; I hate the cinnamon. DeeeLicious to the max I had never eaten anything from this "genre" of food. I just decided to find a recipe for chicken tikka masala, and this is the one I chose. Very happy I did. This is FANTASTIC!!! If I could give 10 stars, I definitely would. I've made it multiple times now for family & friends, and it's always a hit with rave reviews.
