Chicken Makhani (Indian Butter Chicken)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/45957/chicken-makhani-indian-butter-chicken/
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Sauté shallot and onion until soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in butter, ginger-garlic paste, lemon juice, 1 teaspoon garam masala, chili powder, cumin, and bay leaf. Cook and stir for 1 minute. Add tomato sauce, and cook for 2 minutes, continuing to frequently stir. Stir in half-and-half and yogurt. Reduce heat to low, and simmer for 10 minutes, frequently stirring. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from heat and set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a large heavy skillet over medium heat. Cook chicken until lightly browned, about 10 minutes. Reduce heat, and season with remaining 1 teaspoon garam masala and cayenne. Stir in a few spoonfuls of sauce, and simmer until liquid has reduced, and chicken is no longer pink. Add cooked chicken into sauce and stir together. otdash Meredith Food Studio Dissolve cornstarch into water, then mix into the sauce. Cook for 5 to 10 minutes, or until thickened. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve over rice with naan. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
I am an Indian native looking for an Americanized version of this dish for a friend who is a little intimidated by Indian food. I gave this recipe a try, and it is almost there. First, I used fresh minced ginger and garlic, but had to triple the amount. That made a huge difference. I noticed that many reviewers said the recipe is missing something. I think that something is coriander. Most Makhani dishes have a cumin/coriander combination which is missing from this recipe. I added a little ground coriander and the dish was great. Perfect for a new Indian cook. great! Made the recipe, but doubled it because I have a large family. Since I didn't have yogurt I substituted sour cream. The recipe turned out great and greatly enjoyed the flavor. Unfortunately, some of my children didn't enjoy the texture, but I thought it went wonderfully in flavor and texture with jasmine rice which I also made to go with it. asfa The recipe is OK. It wasn’t the same as a similar dish I had when I was stranded in Ha, Arunachal Pradesh, India, not knowing the local language and anyone in the monpa tribe. On a scale of 1 to 10 the recipe was about a 7 to follow.  I made this dish but didn't like it however that is no reason to give it a lower rating. I think it is a good recipe and that anyone looking for this should try it.  I would say I don't like spicy food and went light on the spices.  I do LOVE red chicken curry, I know different regions, and this looked very good so I tried it. I honestly can't say anything negative about this recipe except I didn't like it. I think everyone should try this recipe. That sounds delicious! Butter chicken is indeed a classic with its rich, flavorful sauce. Adjusting the cayenne gives flexibility to cater to different spice preferences. Enjoying it with basmati rice and naan completes the perfect Indian meal experience! Just wasn’t a big hit.  It was just OK but  wasn’t worth the hype.  We  won’t make it again. Wonderful recipe. My family loved it very much.
