Schweinshaxe
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/46490/schweinshaxe/
Place the carrot, onion, leek, celery, and pork knuckles into a large stockpot. Throw in the peppercorns, and season with salt to taste. Add enough water to the pot to cover the vegetables. Cover, and cook over medium heat for 2 to 3 hours, or until everything is tender. Remove the knuckles from the water, and drain. Reserve vegetables and cooking liquid. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F ( 220 degrees C). Melt the shortening in an enamel coated cast iron baking dish or pan. Place the drained pork knuckles, cooked vegetables, and about 2 cups of the cooking liquid into the pan. Bake for 30 minutes in the preheated oven. During the last 10 minutes, sprinkle with beer in which a good amount of salt has been dissolved. Dust lightly with cumin to increase flavor. Serve with potato or white bread dumplings, or sauerkraut salad. In Bavaria, the cooking liquid and juices are strained, and served as an accompanying sauce.
Good recipe, but I'd like to suggest making it more authentic by grilling the Hax'n, instead of braising it in a pot. At the Oktoberfest and other large festivals, and in most Gasthäuser in Bayern, you’ll find gegrillte Schweinshax’n on the menu. Grilling the hocks is what makes the skin so crispy (like pork rinds). And you want to make sure they’re fresh, not smoked or cured. I’d also recommend, instead of white wine, which no real Bayer would have with his Hax’n, a good Märzenbier or a Doppelbock. Serve with a Semmelknödel and some Blaukraut, and you’ll have an authentic bairisches Schmankerl. Prost! Brad Made slow cooker Delicious!! Couldn't find pig feet though went to three different grocery stores. Ive never had it before so wasn't sure where to find it. Instead I substituted with pork hocks. Easy to make, very tender and juicy. I never used the cumin either as per requested by my guests who don't like spicy food. Everyone loved it. Definitely a keeper. loved it, but I changed the timing a bit because we love crispy foodcooked it for 35 minutes, then turned on the broiler to high. the skin that was crispy was divine. next time I will flip the pork hocks to crisp both sides. everything was yummy. Served with basic mashed potatoes. Just as an FYI. I don't know how to cook, I know how to burn. Hubby says, my timer is the smoke detector. :) I made this for the first time tonight. Wonderful! I didn't have leeks, but it didn't seem to make a difference. The meat was a little dry. I strained the extra liquid, and reduced it for about 15 mins. It made a great dipping sauce. Served with oven roasted Klondike potatoes and onions. Yum! I made this for Christmas dinner for my fiance, at his request. I was wary since I'd never done anything like this before, but it worked out pretty well. My one problem was that all of the liquid burned away before the meat was finished roasting, so watch it carefully and add more cooking liquid if needed. My fiance thought it tasted like what he had eaten in the Czech Republic (although our pork knuckles here are apparently much smaller). I have to say that I wasn't a fan of the pork knuckle itself, but if it's a type of protein you like and eat, then this is a good recipe for it. Quite good. the pork hocks came out very tender and the gravy in the pan was perfectly flavoured. the beer is unnecessary as i substituted water with a teaspoon of salt dissolved to sprinkle it with and it turned out fine. i just might suggest as well to add the veggies maybe during the last 1/2 hour or so of boiling since they came out too mushy by the time it was done. Good recipe, but I'd like to suggest making it more authentic by grilling the Hax'n, instead of braising it in a pot.  At the Oktoberfest and other large festivals, and in most Gasthäuser in Bayern, you’ll find gegrillte Schweinshax’n on the menu.  Grilling the hocks is what makes the skin so crispy (like pork rinds).  And you want to make sure they’re fresh, not smoked or cured.  I’d also recommend, instead of white wine, which no real Bayer would have with his Hax’n, a good Märzenbier or a Doppelbock.  Serve with a Semmelknödel and some Blaukraut, and you’ll have an authentic bairisches Schmankerl.  Prost! Brad very tasty and easy to prepare; this is like what my mother used to make at home; when I was in Germany (Stutgart) I had schweinshaxe that were the very best - the skin was roasted more than this recipe & I will try to get there. I grew up eating this and used to sneak feed it to our dachshund; nicknamed "Schweinhund". Altho it's still not my favorite thing in the world, I knew that my Scottish hubby would love it as he adores German and Austrian food. I'm happy to say that I wasn't wrong and he gobbled it up. Thanks so much Matti!!
