D' Best Chicken N' Dumplings
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/46627/d-best-chicken-n-dumplings/
In a large bowl, sift flour, baking soda and salt. Cut in shortening until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Stir in water until mixture forms a ball. Divide dough in half and shape into balls. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate for 2 hours or overnight. Remove the skin from the breast, thigh and back of the chicken, but leave it on the legs and wings. Season chicken with seasoning salt, and place in a large stock pot. Pour in water. Add onion, celery and margarine. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to simmer. Cook for about 1 1/2 hours, until chicken falls off the bone. On a lightly floured surface, roll one ball of dough to about 1/8 inch thick. Cut into 2 inch squares. Drop into simmering broth, and let cook for about 2 minutes. Stir gently to prevent sticking; add more water if needed. Season broth while dumplings are cooking with salt, pepper and poultry seasoning. Simmer for about 15 minutes, or until dumplings are cooked through.
THIS is the authentic, real, you-haven't-lived-until-you've tried it Old Fashioned Chicken n' Dumplin's. When we talk C n' D in the South THIS is what we're talking about. Takes longer, because you make your own broth...but it am the real thing! Mm-hmm! Very close to My Grandma's recipe -- and she ran a boarding house back in turn-of-the-century Waxahachie, Texas! I followed the recipe with a few added touches. I put 5 chicken bouillon cubes in the boiling water before adding the chicken. I only used chicken thighs, so I went with a pack of 10 thighs. Instead of making the dumplings from scratch, I used frozen ones that mimic homemade. My family absolutely loved it. Everyone wanted seconds. I will definitely make it again! I've made this dish several times; it's a favorite. The bones are a problem for some folks - I don't try to extract them before serving - but I never hear a complaint Sometimes I toss in a little cayenne. This time I put in a few sprigs of fennel and some garlic from the garden. Delicious. Love it !!!! I followed it to the note, but it came out mushy dumpling soup. Don’t know what happened, but it really flopped. This was good..I love the thinner dumplings, after dividing the dough I only used one of the balls and froze the other half after making them, non cooked. Instead of a whole chicken I use left over rotisseries chicken and used chicken broth instead of water..will make this again. Excellent! The whole family loved it. These are awesome! Just like my Grandma's. I put a little less poultry seasoning than the recipe calls for, but they are seriously perfect! Made a few times now. Always a favourite. Comfort food. They were very much like the ones my mom used to make that I loved dearly!  My son LOVED them and took the rest of the bowl home with him!  Great recipe!!
