Chai Tea Mix
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/46777/chai-tea-mix/
Gather the ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine sugar, instant tea, milk powder, nondairy creamer, and vanilla-flavored creamer in a large bowl. Stir in ginger, cinnamon, cloves, and cardamom. otdash Meredith Food Studio Blend 1 cup at a time in a food processor or blender until a fine powder. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir 2 heaping tablespoons chai tea mix into a mug of hot water for 1 serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I gave this recipe 5 stars but I would make a slight change. I did add all the extra spices and cut the sugar to 1-1/2c. I felt the Cardamon was overpowering. Next time I will only use half the suggesteed amount. It is an expensive spice, but try looking in the "International" aisle of your grocery store. I have found that the hispanic section has a nice selection of spices at half the cost. I would also advise using a coffee grinder. You can only grind a half cup at a time, but it's faster than the food processor. Thanks for sharing the recipe, it's a keeper! I have been using this recipe for about 2-3 years and love it.  But, now that we cannot get original instant tea I am going through withdrawal.  I love my chai.  I bought tea powder but can't figure out how much to use because it seems very concentrated compared to Lipton instant tea.  Anyone know?  How are you making your Chai now? Nice on a cold Michigan night.  Loved everything about it. This is really good. I added one tablespoon of each spice and only used 2 cups of sugar. Would make again. This is my favorite hot drink.  I do use vanilla extract mixed in with the sugar.  Then I spread it out on a cookie sheet and put it in the oven on convection for about 20 minutes at 200 degrees. This just quickens the drying and prep time.  I also add about 1/2 tsp of nutmeg.  For a  real extra treat, I use steamed milk!  Yum.  So much better than what I can find at a barista. I left out cloves/allergy issuesI left out instant tea as I just add a black or green tea bag and add 2TBLS of this mix to make it a latte. I also only used 1 cup of creamer powder and 1 cup of sugar. Well basically made the recipe in half I would say. I stored in a large mason Jar. Thanks Used the tip for adding the vanilla extract to the sugar, put all ingredients in the blender to get them fine and the taste is FANTASTIC. This is my go to Chai Tea recipe... absolutely love it and so does everyone I've given it to.  I've seen some remarks that it doesn't dissolve so I'm wondering if they are putting the powder in a blender and making a fine powder.  My only ingredient switch is that I use Splenda instead of sugar.  Love Love Love this recipe!! I used 1/2 less sugar.  When making it again I might reduce the cardomon or ginger.  Too early to tell Most of those spices are not water salable. The flavor is amazing, but your last few sips are filled with clumps of spice that didn’t dissolve into the water. I’ve tried modifying the recipe to fix this, tried boiling, staining, etc but there was always some “grit” left in those last few sips. I’m very curious if anyone was able to find a way to fully dissolve their spices.
