Indian Chicken Curry
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/46822/indian-chicken-curry-ii/
Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Sauté onion until lightly browned. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in garlic, curry powder, cinnamon, paprika, bay leaf, ginger, sugar, and salt. Continue stirring for 2 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add chicken pieces, tomato paste, yogurt, and coconut milk. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer for 20 to 25 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove bay leaf, and stir in lemon juice and cayenne pepper. Simmer 5 more minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
A very nice Chicken Curry. I also used 1 tsp. of Garam Masala. I wish I had left out the lemon and the cayenne because I thought it tasted better before those were added. I even cut down the cayenne to 1/4 tsp. because my youngest daughter doesn't like it too hot. I think that next time I will omit the last two ingredients.  Love This recipe! Although we are not experts in curry, we all like this. It is fairly simple, but the ingredients are not regular stock items. I always use toasted sesame oil to sauté onions, adding more when adding chicken. I mix the dry seasonings together, rubbing about half into the meat while the onions are cooking, coating the meat well before browning. Served with brown rice and toasted Naan. Simple and straightforward. We used powdered coconut milk since we had it on hand. We also added red bell peppers. And for condiments, peanuts, chutney, bananas, scallions, and raisins were perfect! I thought this recipe was tasty and easy to make. I decreased the cinnamon by half because my cinnamon is very strong. Also I used only 2 tablespoons of regular curry powder and 1/2 tablespoons of hot curry powder and so I omitted the cayenne. I was afraid the spices would be too much. You can always add if needed but didn’t need more. Also I added the whole can of coconut milk. You can remove the chicken and continue to simmer the sauce to make it thicker which I liked. Maybe other recipes are better but I’ll come back to this one. Btw, I could taste the lemon and I didn’t think it was too much. Again you could use less at first and taste your sauce. Really quick and easy way to get a delicious sauce with the perfect consistency. Leaving the chicken to simmer for 25-30 minutes can make it slightly overcooked. I would sear the chicken, cut it up, then add it about halfway through simmering. I also would use a spice blend instead of curry powder. Some mixture of cumin, cardamom, turmeric, and mustard seed should do. I also used ground scorpion peppers instead of cayenne, but this made it quite hot. As is, the recipe is still great and versatile. Tweak it as you see fit, but keep the base of onion, garlic, spice, yogurt, tomato paste, coconut milk, and ginger. We've made this many times, just as written. Delicious! We've also traded out the chicken for sautéed tofu when we're having a meatless night or served over brown rice if we want to feel like we're being healthy. Still, delicious. This Reicpe was awesome! I used a few more tablespoons of Curry, and wow was it good! I added potatoes, carrots, and green peppers. Served on Jasmine Rice! Easy, and great! :) I added half a small jar of curry sauce as well (I like lots of flavor and spice) and I thought it turned out really good!! I also added a bunch of different veggies after I added the chicken in and added a bit more coconut milk and used honey instead of sugar. Yummy!! Wonderful flavor! I omitted the last 5 ingredients because i didn't have them on hand, i just made a butter and flour roux and added water and a splash of milk. Next time i will add the coconut milk instead of the milk. I also increased the ginger, i grated 1 tsp instead of 1/2tsp. I am keeping this recipe and making this at least once a month. I served it with lentils and naan bread from this site. As a reviewer suggested, I toasted the spices, then added olive oil and onion. I also used the whole can of coconut milk, and added about 1/2 cup more yogurt. Sweetened with honey, and used a leftover diced baked sweet potato as well. Served over quinoa. Wonderful! this was superb. i upped the curry powder by a tad, toasted it up in the pan a bit like others said and also used boneless skinless chicken thighs cut up into bits. we went back for seconds and unfortunately there wasn't thirds. i will be making this again! ty sooooo much. My only note to this delicious recipe is to omit the cinnamon or use very little. When using the full amount, the cinnamon overpowers the savory flavors. Other than that, AMAZING! Flexible to add heat or cool with coconut milk.  Love it! This recipe isn't afraid to highlight amazing curry flavor. It’s SUPER good. BUT I’ll never cook this again inside my home unless I’m cooking it outside in the yard. The smell is SOO strong. It took few days for the smell of the curry to disappear. My entire clothes the whole day smelled like curry too. I have made this chicken curry multiple times and it's so easy to follow , it's really tasty curry I like a hot curry there's no rule to make mild curry that's if you prefer it hot What yogurt is best to use please?
