Quick and Easy Pancit
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/47015/quick-and-easy-pancit/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place rice noodles in a large bowl; cover with warm water and let soften for 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Meanwhile, heat oil in a wok or large skillet over medium-low heat. Add onion and garlic; cook and stir until onion is tender, about 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in chicken, cabbage, carrots, and soy sauce. Cook until cabbage begins to soften. otdash Meredith Food Studio Toss in noodles and cook, stirring constantly, until heated through. otdash Meredith Food Studio Transfer pancit to a serving dish and garnish with lemon wedges. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Wonderful! Tasted just like my mom's pancit!I used rice noodles and soaking them for about ten minutes did the trick, but make sure to break the noodles before soaking them or you'll have some really long noodles. The noodles, when cooked, will come out with an al dente texture to them.. Even Mom's leftovers still had that a day or two later. It's just the nature of the beast.Just a couple of things: I switched in green onions for the diced onions for color, used leftover chicken (this is a great dish for any leftover meat, including beef and pork) and used garlic powder to control the garlicky flavor better. Perhaps most importantly, I used Kikkoman soy sauce to cook with. Growing up, Kikkoman was for cooking with, due to it's lighter flavor, and La Choy was for seasoning at the table. I still follow that rule, and it works very well for pancit.I would highly recommend adding as many veggies and meats as you would like, just increase the amount of sauce you need. The only warning I'll leave anyone with is that I found the meat too salty after having been sauteed with the veggies in the soy sauce and oil. Next time I prepare this, I will saute the veggies by their lonesome until just about done, then throw in the meat to warm, followed almost immediately by the noodles.Play with it, make it your own, and enjoy! This is an awesome, easily prepared party dish. You'll be amazed by how much is made with one package of noodles. Added sambal oelek for garnish and sesame seeds, and did it with shrimp since i already had some thawed This was a great starter recipe! I read the reviews and did my own tweaks. I did not have too much time so I used the packaged precut cabbage and onions and the shredded rotisserie chicken. I added about 1 c chicken broth and about 2 tsp of chili oil with black beans for more spice. It was sure a crowd pleaser so I’ll definitely save this recipe! Great recipe. Was a little dry so I added 1/2 cup of chicken stock. Next time I'll either cut back on the noodles, or add some liquid, such as chicken broth. It was very dry. This is a very good dish, fairly quick and easy to prepare.It's best using lime (instead of lemon) and lots of pepper!! I added sliced celery and  salt and pepper.  Next time I’ll try shrimp instead of chicken.Super easy to make and very delicious and flavorful 😋 This dish had absolutely no flavor and took way longer than stated to make. I added double soy sauce, umami seasoning, pepper, and red pepper flakes and it was still bland. This was delicious!!  Used the dry bichon pancit noodles and softened them with hot water.  Used shrimp instead of chicken.  Was tasty!!  Double the recipe for a large group.  Did not use onions, subbed green onions instead.
