German Wiener Schnitzel
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/47599/wiener-schnitzel/
Cut the veal into steaks, about as thick as your finger. Dredge in flour. In a shallow dish, beat the eggs with 1 tablespoon oil, salt and pepper. Coat the veal with egg mixture, then with bread crumbs. Heat 1/4 cup oil in a heavy skillet over medium heat. Fry veal until golden brown, about 5 minutes on each side.
My German mother and grandmother made schnitzel just like this, but you must try it with a squeaze of lemon, as some of the other reviewers have noted. It's a wonderful flavor (even though you might only think of squeazing lemon over fish - trust me, it's great). Consider serving it with cranberry sauce. In germany they have something like this, with small berries, but I haven't seen it here. Cranberry is close though. Excellent.  This doubles for a pork tenderloin sandwich as well.  I made spetzele on the side.  Really great! I should make this exactly but I can’t condone the modern raising of veal so I used pork butt steaks. The trick is the coating , let it stand/dry on a rack for 30-45 minutes before frying . Nice and crispy. This was a very tasty dish. I usually don't make changes to recipes but this one I did. My European mother who was an excellent cook made this all the time and she did two things that are not listed here. I added a bit of dried thyme to the egg mixture and this brings out a nice flavour in the coating. When all was done on the plate, I squeezed half a lemon over the meat which really makes for a nice finish. Will definitely make this again. Thank you for a great recipe. This was delicious! I made it exactly as written except that I substituted chicken for the veal. The whole family ate it, even the 3 yr old and our picky 7 yr old! Will definatelymake this again! Really good if you add Siracha! Perfect with thin tenderized pork also! I made this last night, but I used pork cutlets. I pounded them out until they were nice and thin. I seasoned my plain breadcrumbs with garlic powder, onion powder, sea salt, and black pepper. I also put just a little season salt in my flour. They came out perfectly! The schnitzel was nice and crispy. I only eat my schnitzel with lemon juice and salt. I lived in Frankfurt for 3 years and  Heidelberg for 3 as well. Schnitzel was definitely a staple in our diet over there. I served cucumber salad and fried potatoes with it last night. My family of five loved it. My moms favorite kind of food is Austrian/ German, and she loved it! Very easy if you have basic skills in the kitchen just be careful with the hot oil, don’t let it get too hot and gauge your time per side relative to how hot your oil is.  Don’t over cook.I also like to gently flatten the veal with a flat hammer and get it to a very thin piece.  It takes no time to cook even with the breading.  Delicious.
