Polish Chicken and Dumplings
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/47705/polish-chicken-and-dumplings/
Place chicken, onion, and celery in a large pot; fill the pot with water. Season with poultry seasoning, whole allspice, basil, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, and seasoning salt; bring to a boil. Reduce heat, and simmer for approximately 2 hours, or until chicken is cooked. Remove chicken from broth and set chicken aside to cool; strain broth to remove seasonings and any bone. Return broth to the pan, stir in cream of chicken soup and continue simmering. In a medium bowl, stir together eggs, olive oil, 1 tablespoon salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper with 2 cups water. Gradually add flour, and stir to form a thick dough. Using a large spoon and knife, scoop a spoonful of dough and cut small pieces into broth. Repeat with remaining dough. Stir, cover, and simmer for about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, skin and debone chicken; cut meat into small pieces, add to broth and heat through.
Note to reviewers and future recipe users: There are two kinds of dumplings - one is a heavy, dense pasta-like dumpling (like this recipe) and the other is a puffy biscuit-like dumpling. These dumplings are just as they are supposed to be for a dense dumpling! I was scared about how the dumplings would turn out since it was more of a paste than a typical dough, but it's tasty I did add more garlic and other seasonings since I found it a bit bland especially the chicken. I'm so happy to find this recipe!  It mirrors very closely my grandmother and great-grandmother's chicken and dumpling recipe.  I make soup from a chicken add a lot of veggies and try to leave time for a day of rest in the fridge before heating it up again and making the dumplings.  I have no time for those baking powder fluffy dumplings in homemade soup.  We Norwegians make egg and flour and salt dumplings.  4 eggs, 2-3 cups of flour, a little salt.  After you sort the chicken bones from the soup, bring it to a boil and drop by spoonfuls the egg/flour mixture for about 30 minutes.  Unbeatable! YUMMY!! and I am American Polish!!!!! I enjoyed making this recipe. Turned out pretty tasty. I think I originally printed this recipe in 2008ish? They are my favorite dumplings ever and we've had them a million times over the years. The last time I tried to make them I could Not find my recipe and I shed alot of tears! These dumplings are a staple at my house and we were all very sad. I did some digging and found the two other pages of the recipe that thankfully had the name and poster on it!  I am so happy and thank you for this great recipe that I'll pass to my kids! I came here for the dumpling recipe. LOVE THEM!!! Followed the dumpling recipe without making changes.Cooked them in the chicken stock I made. Had to take the cooked dumplings out of the pot to make room for my veggies and chicken to go back in. You can never have too many dumplings in my opinion, but if you want to keep things to one pot, then just half the dumpling recipe. Very similar to how my mom makes them ? Only used the dumpling recipe, excellent. Love the dumplings.  I don't add the canned soup, sometimes just a bit of half and half.  And I also add more vegetables. I was looking for a recipe I lost after my mom passed and this was so close thank you
