Reuben Sandwich
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/47717/reuben-sandwich-ii/
Gather all ingredients and preheat a large griddle or skillet over medium heat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Spread one side of bread slices evenly with Thousand Island dressing. otdash Meredith Food Studio On four bread slices, layer one slice Swiss cheese, 2 slices corned beef, 1/4 cup sauerkraut, and a second slice of Swiss cheese. Top with remaining bread slices, dressing-side down. Butter the top of each sandwich. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place sandwiches, butter-side down on the preheated griddle; butter the top of each sandwich with remaining butter. Grill until both sides are golden brown, about 5 minutes per side. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot. Enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
I followed the recipe pretty closely but used some reviewers suggestions. I drained the sourkraut but didn't rinse it, because we like the tangy taste of the sourkraut. I buttered rye bread slices on one side and spread Thousand Island dressing on the other side. On the dressing side I placed a slice of swiss cheese, sliced Pastrami from the deli and then topped with sourkraut. I cooked them on my George Foreman grill until the cheese was melted and the bread was nice and toasted. They were delicious! I only gave the four star rating because the sourkraut in the middle wasn't very warm. Next time I make these I will warm the sourkraut in the microwave first and maybe add another slice of swiss too! If you like Rueben sandwiches you will love this one! Our house loves the Reuben sandwich! I have often made our Reubens just this way using deli sliced corned beef. Our favorite way, though, is when I slow cook a corned beef brisket using the brisket leftovers to make the Reubens...which makes an even more delicious sandwich. I don't know what others think, but the Aldi brand of Sauerkraut is one of the best short of making your own... Great recipe and easy. As the recipe states, it's important that you put thousand island on both pieces of bread and use 2 pieces of cheese, 1 on top and 1 on bottom. I also grill the corned beef a little before I put it on the sandwich. This was very good! I heated both the sauerkraut and the corned beef as some advised. Here’s a tip that works for all grilled sandwiches—instead of butter, spread the outside of the bread with a thin layer of mayonnaise. It makes a lovely, crispy sandwich, and no one will guess you used mayo. These are delicious! Even my kids ate them! I am gluten free, dairy free and allergic to eggs so for myself I substituted Schar GF Artisan Baker Multigrain Bead, Earth Balance Soy Free Buttery Sticks, Daiya Swiss Style Slices and I omitted the thousand island dressing. The result was still delicious. Thank you! Did not use as much of the dressing because my family and I don't like our Reubens too sweet. Just a hint of sweetness is needed to flavor the sandwich perfectly. I rinsed and thoroughly pressed the sauerkraut dry, then heated it slightly in the microwave. Great recipe...our guests and family loved it! I make my Reuben this way as well. Do warm the sauerkraut before assembling and drain it well, then squeeze it to remove any remaining moisture. Adding a thin layer of horseradish to the meat side of the bread is a tasty addition. If you use only one layer of cheese, it is helpful to grill the meat-only side first, then the cheese side. This allows the sandwich to heat up so the cheese melts properly. Mustard is also a good addition if you rinse the sauerkraut. Otherwise, it can be a bit overpowering. As others have mentioned, 5 minutes per side is probably sufficient. You do not want the bread to injure the roof of your mouth! On the rare occasions my husband and I order a Reuben at a restaurant, we are usually disappointed and make this version within a couple of weeks. This is THE perfect reuben, thank you Colette G! Used top quality ingredients and made a corned beef just for this reciipe (have a freezer full from when they were on sale for St. Paddy's Day) A tip for all of you who found your sammie to still be cold inside after cooking: Cook on med-low, and COVER YOUR PAN WITH A LID. And take your time, these can't be rushed. This will insure that outside will be crispy and golden, but not burnt, and the inside will be perfect with yummy melty cheese and warm meat and sauerkraut. I served these with warm German potato salad and sour pickles. Absolutely fantastic :). Thanks for posting! This was a good recipe. Very good. Didn't change anything in it. Thanks Yummmmm! I have always loved this sandwich. Instead of deli corned beef - I used a 3 lb fresh corned beef brisket. I browned it in a cast iron ceramic pot and then poured about 18 oz of beer in the pot with the seasoning pack. Cover with the lid and cook at 325 for about 2-1/2 -3 hours. This was just enough time for it to be tender, but, not completely fall apart. Wrap the brisket in foil and cool until sliceable. Always slice against the grain with corned beef. This will also work in your crockpot for probably 8 hours on low - or just do your traditional boil on the stove. Fresh corned beef makes a world of difference. Just slice thin for your sandwich. Easy to make. I browned mine on both sides in butter. Then stuck on a baking sheet to get everything melted together and make it toasty! I make Reubens especially in the winter with basil tomato soup.  And instead of 1000 Island I use yellow mustard. Oh so good. I even have a friend that does not usually care for Reubens loves mine. Do not use 'Marbled Rye', it separates into pieces along the different colors. Put the Sauerkraut in the middle, between the Corned Beef and Swiss Cheese (just trust me, I've made thousands of Reubens). After grilling, open the sandwich and add the Thousand Island (hot sandwich, cool dressing) and extra dressing on the side. Lots of napkins. Like others, I tweaked the recipe for my own desires. I used mayo instead of butter (saw that on a cooking show). I put two slices of corn beef on each piece of bread. I cooked them in a toaster oven open faced and merged them when ready to serve. Quick, easy, yummy! I made this at work, during a meeting. Fast, easy and good!
