Zippy Shepherd's Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/48144/zippy-shepherds-pie/
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add potatoes, and cook until tender but still firm, about 15 minutes; drain, and return to pan. While potatoes are boiling, heat oil in a large skillet. Cook ground beef with onion, red pepper, and garlic until beef is evenly brown. Stir in beef broth, ketchup, soy sauce, Worcestershire sauce, and curry powder. Bring to a boil, and simmer 3 to 4 minutes. Mix cornstarch with a little water to form a paste, then stir into skillet with tomatoes, peas and carrots. Cook until thickened; season with salt and pepper. Spoon into a casserole dish. Preheat oven on broiler setting. Add milk and butter to cooked potatoes, and whip until smooth and creamy. Spoon over meat mixture. Sprinkle top with shredded cheese. Place under broiler for 3 to 5 minutes, or until cheese is melted and speckled with brown.
My loving wife complained from the first moment she heard the word "curry" until she was finished the 3rd bowl. If i would have told her the original recipe had ketchup in it, she would have freaked out! she mentioned that the curry was making her thirsty and sleepy. i prevailed, though, and kept a cool head the entire time. by the end of the night we both had several bowls full of this delightful dish, even my cat was licking the bowl clean!! and guess what? the cat didnt complain one bit. :D i would definitely make this again, only next time i will not mention any of the ingredients. i will simply put the plate in front of her mouth and say, "EAT!" didn't broil rather placed in oven for 25 mins and then broiled for addt 5 mins to crisp top and cheese It’s delicious. I only used 8 oz of beef broth and I didn’t have tomatoes so did not add them. Thank you for the recipe. Made this mostly as written, but I added a splash of red wine and used 2-24oz Bob Evans  prepared mashed potatoes. I mixed 1c. White cheddar in the potatoes before spreading it over the meat and veggies. I was leary of using curry (unpleasant prior curry experience) but it really added to the flavor. Will make this again. Love this!  Made as is… baked a layer of biscuit in the bottom of a 14oz ramekin bowl first , rolled out thin so it came slightly up the sides of the bowl.  Family loved it!! This is by far the most delicious shepherd pie recipe EVER! I  have even served it to guests with rave reviews. Comfort food at it's best! I do probably triple the mashed potatoes and add extra butter, parm cheese, sour cream, and ranch seasoning for a little more zip for the zippy's...see what I did there? I use yellow potatoes combined with some instant just to make them fluffier and easier to spread. But the flavor in the filling can't be beat! 12 thumbs up from my kids. That's about 2 each- as good as it gets! Delicious as written. Family loved it! Followed the recipe almost to the T. I did not have the tomatoes, but we did not miss them. THE FAMILY LOVED THE PIE♥ Love this recipe!  Simple to make and delicious.  Great company dish.  I made it exactly as presented.  I was tempted to omit the curry, but I didn't and I think it really enhanced the flavor.   I used prepared refrigerated mashed potatoes, which made this recipe even simpler.
