Potato Plum Dumplings
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/48308/potato-plum-dumplings/
Scrub potatoes, and place them into a large pot with enough water to cover. bring to a boil, and cook until tender, about 40 minutes. Drain, and cool. When potatoes are cool enough to handle, peel, and press through a ricer into a large bowl. Set aside to cool. This part of the process can be done as much as one day in advance. In a large bowl, mix together the prepared potatoes, salt, egg, and 1 tablespoon of butter until well blended. Gradually stir in the farina, and then the flour. If dough is still wet, more flour can be mixed in. Turn dough out onto a floured surface, and knead until smooth, about 5 to 10 minutes. Split open each plum where it cracks, and remove the pit. Replace each pit with a sugar cube, and close. On a floured surface, roll out the dough to 1/4 inch thickness. Cut into twelve 3 inch squares. Place one plum into each square, and bring the corners around to the top. Pinch together all of the seams to seal. Bring a large pot of water to a slow boil. Place about 4 dumplings into the water at a time. Once they float to the surface, continue to cook them for about 5 more minutes. Transfer cooked dumplings to a covered bowl, and keep warm. Melt the remaining 1/2 cup of butter in a small skillet over medium heat. Stir in bread crumbs, and 1/4 cup of sugar. Continue to cook and stir until browned. Remove the bread crumbs to a plate, and roll warm dumplings in the mixture until entirely coated. To serve, place a dumpling or two on a plate, sprinkle with a little sugar and a little extra melted butter, if desired.
Hi guys! I'm the submitter of this recipe and I just wanted to say how happy I am that this dish has brought back many wonderful memories for you. I stated that these were time consuming and I certainly wasn't kidding because I'm making them now as I'm writing. "Prairie Dixie", I give you so much credit for saying that you'll be making this every fall for the rest of your life. I haven't made my own recipe in several years and I now know why!! I am however, making 32 of them, so it's taking a bit of time. I just wanted to say that some of my raw "knoedels" were sticking to the plate and breaking open the dough, so I went back and used cooking spray on the plate. It helped a lot. I hope my Oma is looking down and smiling at me because I'm definitely looking up at her and appreciating all of her efforts and of course, love. Happy cooking gang! Delicious, my mom used to make this for us back in Romania.It took me 3.5 hours but it was worth it:)I used farina or cream of wheat flour instead of bread crumbs because that is how my mother made them. My mother used to make potato-plum dumplings then bake them in the oven with pork roast.  Oh!!  Yummmmm!!!! My Bohemian Grandmother made these for dessert.  It is a great recipe. My grandmother,aunt and mom all made these.  It took a lot of work since my mom always made a massive batch of them so my mom, the last survivor with the recipe, stopped making them as she got older.  I found her recipe book but the measurements and method weren't clear.  These were very good but my family's were better.  Perhaps it wasthat we used prunes, sweetened them and then boiled them.  It was more like a prune filling than a cooked plum.  Have to give this recipe a try with plums.  BTW, we had a nickname for these in the family.  Jewish cannon balls. they were so good but you felt them in your belly afterward.  Enjoy all. I found the dough to be extremely sticky and added pretty much another 2 cups of flour before I could roll it out.  I guess you could use a little at a time and not roll it out.  Then my  breadcrumbs really didn't stick well because my dumplings were cold before we ate them.  Also, any ideas for a garnish?? thanks Dan Learned to make this from my grandmother and always loved it.  I also like making this dish with apricots in exactly the same way.  Yum. Great recipe!  very similar to my Austrian grandmother's. I left the pit in and just added sugar at the table. that saves some prep time. also I made extra breadcrumbs because you can never have enough sweetened breadcrumbs!!! Amazing!!! My Gramma used to make these and this recipe tastes just like hers! We always ate them with sour cream and sugar. Delicous I make these in large batches to freeze every year. When any of our children (all in their late 20's early 30's) spend the weekend...this is on the top of their wish list. I add a little cinnamon to the bread crumbs, butter and sugar coating. DELICIOUS!!
