Slow Cooker Chili
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/48449/slow-cooker-chili-ii/
Place beef in a skillet over medium heat and cook until evenly brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain grease. otdash Meredith Food Studio Transfer beef to a slow cooker and mix in onion, celery, bell pepper, garlic, tomato puree, kidney beans, and cannellini beans. Season with chili powder, salt, basil, oregano, parsley, black pepper, and hot pepper sauce. otdosh Meredith Food Studio Cover and cook on Low for 8 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy!
I had success with this recipe, with a few small changes from reading reviews. I did NOT add celery. I also drained 2 cans of beans and left one undrained. I used one can of tomato puree and one can of diced tomatoes. I bumped up the seasonings by using 1.5 T of chili powder, extra garlic, and almost 1 tsp of tabasco. The chili came out great and my husband described the flavor as "earthy." He liked it. It sounds delicious but does it burn or stick to bottom of the pot? I added a little extra beans because of available can sizes, and I used a full medium onion. Fried half the onion and half the celery with the beef and then tossed it all in the slow cooker. Easily the best chilli I've ever made. Wayyyyyy too many beans, and wasn't very flavorful, followed the recipe to a T Added the onions, garlic, and celery to the pan while browning the beef. Replaced the green pepper with a diced jalapeño and Serrano. Resulted in a nice “Texas” flavored chili, medium spicy. I made a few adjustments, by removing green peppers, but family loved this and had great flavor! first time making chili and anything in a crockpot. it came out pretty decent although I felt 2lbs of meat would have been better. or maybe slice some sausage in there too. Also I used too much tomate puree i think, and the hot sauce I used was too vinegary. I amended the recipe. Only used black beans added spicy V8 plus tomato sauce and mini diced tomatoes plus 2 cups of celery, onions and green pepper Where is the Cumin?
