Korean BBQ Beef (Pul-Kogi)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/48546/korean-bbq-beef-pul-kogi/
In a large resealable plastic bag, combine beef with garlic, pear, green onions, soy sauce, sugar, sesame oil, rice wine, sesame seeds, fresh ginger, and ground black pepper. Seal, and refrigerate for 2 to 3 hours. Preheat the oven's broiler and set the oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source. Brush oil over grill pan. Place beef on pan. Cook, turning to brown evenly, for 3 to 6 minutes, or until done.
being korean-american myself, i'm very picky about my bul-ko-gi. there are tons of bul-ko-gi recipes out on the web (and i've tried many bad ones), and none have tasted as authentic as this! this recipe took me back to when my grandma would make it for me as a kid. not to mention, my husband loved this recipe too. this is definitely a keeper! This was excellent as written.  It is a keeper for me. I wish it made more marinade so I could boil it down and make it saucier. It was yummy. So good! I marinated it for much longer than a few hours, and the flavor really soaked in well. I only made one ingredient substitution: I didn't have pear, or any fruit for that matter, on hand other than some frozen soursop pulp. I used a bit of that and increased the ginger so that there would still be an adequate amount of meat tenderizing. I don't think it changed the flavor terribly much; I just wanted to note that other acidic fruit can be used in a pinch. Well it's COVID19 time, and I didn't have all the correct ingredients but even with substitutes it was amazing!No pear, I used half an apple.No rice wine, I used sherry.I also used beef tenderloin thing my cut.II served it with rice noodle with a spy sauce, not sauce, honey and garlic sauce and taken cauliflower with a spicy Korean bbq sauce. I made it as is and it was perfect! It was delicious! We added a tablespoon of some spicy sesame oil and a tablespoon regular and it made a wonderful sweet and spicy mix Excellent recipe!! And so EASY to make!! Goes great with fried rice and veggies! Which I used the juice to season. Good, but not the flavor I was looking for. everyone loved it
