Andouille and Chicken Creole Pasta
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/49124/andouille-and-chicken-creole-pasta/
Melt the margarine in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook sausage and chicken with the Creole seasoning until the meat is about halfway done. Add the mushrooms, green onion, green pepper and red pepper. Saute over medium heat until the mushrooms begin to shrink, about 10 minutes. Stir in the chicken broth and milk, season with lemon pepper and garlic powder, and reduce the heat to medium-low. (Now is a good time to start boiling water for the pasta.) Mix together the cornstarch and cold water until dissolved - I like to use a coffee mug. Stir into the skillet. Cook, stirring gently, until the sauce returns to a boil. Boil for one minute, then remove from heat and set aside. Serve hot over cooked pasta. Place pasta in a large pot of lightly salted water. Boil for 8 to 10 minutes, or until pasta is al dente. Drain.
Loved it!! I love creole & cajun food, but am not too fond of rice, this was great because the sauce was the right consistency for pasta (which isn't always the case if you swap pasta for rice). I read all the comments regarding the spiciness and the amount of creole seasoning & saltiness. I think it has a lot to do the the brand of seasoning you use, as well as your family's tastes. I keep 2 or 3 different kinds in the spice rack, they vary greatly in heat, and I know how much of each one my family can tolerate & how salty they are. I would never put 3T in of a seasoning blend I wasn't familiar with. As it was I used 1T of my hot one to give it heat (we like heat), and 2T of a mild one, to give it a depth of creole flavor besides hot. Love I like spicy food and liked this recipe. I  agree that 3 tablespoons of Cajun seasoning will make this flaming hot! I made this the way I make a stir fry. I cooked the meat first and removed it from the pan, then sautéed the veggies, adding about a tablespoon of minced garlic when the veggies were almost done. I then tossed in the broth, cornstarch slurry, and milk and returned the meat to the pan. Serving this over linguine was a great idea. I will definitely make this again. Good recipe, altered a little- used fresh garlic and heavy cream. A little more flavor and richness Loved the heat of this dish. Sauce was not as thick as I would have liked. Added extra cornstarch but still did not thicken enough. Still, awesome meal. This was tasty but we like it spicy and found this pretty mild. I would add some cayenne next time. I'm from Mobile which has a strong Cajun influence. This tastes like  home!!! The only thing I substituted was fresh garlic for garlic powder. My favorite creole seasoning is Tony Chachere's. Never fails. To cut down on prep time, I cut vegetables up the day before. Great recipe! well, hubby will not eat spicy food, he ate this in pain and said he would do it again. Was a good meal. Wow thank you for the recipe!!! Used angel hair pasta, all orange peppers and oyster mushrooms. No green onions was out of them. No 2% milk so fat free evaporated. Such great flavor!!!! I didn't use 3 tbls creole seasoning. used 3 teasp.
