Juiciest Hamburgers Ever
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/49404/juiciest-hamburgers-ever/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat a grill for high heat. Mix the ground beef, egg, bread crumbs, evaporated milk, Worcestershire sauce, cayenne pepper, and garlic in a large bowl using your hands. otdash Meredith Food Studio Form the mixture into 8 hamburger patties. otdash Meredith Food Studio Lightly oil the grill grate. Grill patties until browned and no longer pink, about 5 minutes per side. Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
I'm in the process of making these burgers now and just wanted to get something cleared up. Most everyone knows that the juiciest burgers come from ground beef that has a higher fat content. If you use lean beef, you're gonna get "meatloaf". 80% lean and 20% fat content is pretty much the standard. What percentage of fat do you use in your recipe? thanks, (they smell really good). I'm grilling them on a Foreman grill which are known for draining off the fat (and the moisture)from most meats.I'm waiting...waiting...I'm amazed,I watched the juices flowing out of the burgers and into the tray and thought "here we go again...hot and dry ground beef on a bun. For not the first time in my life, I was wrong.A very pleasant juicy burger. I wonder which ingredient or combination thereof keeps the juices in? A definite keeper, thank you. Just as moist when heated up the second day Awesome! That isn't a burger, It is meatloaf with the bizarre addition of milk. Burgers are made from ground beef. Nothing else. No egg. No breadcrumbs. Nothing. This is horrific and it is not a burger. I’m not a fan of burgers but these are great. I don’t understand the poor reviews - perhaps the reviewers used low-quality meat, over-handled it or lack grill experience. I mixed Wagyu 75% lean (bought by mistake) and Wagyu 92% lean, made my own evaporated milk from raw milk, added 1 Tbsp onion powder and used panko crumbs. Even the leftover burgers were excellent, and I never eat leftover burgers. So hats off to the creator of this recipe. Thank you! It really surprises me when I see thumbs down on this recipe.  I have been using it for a few years now and these hamburgers come out great every time.  It's my go to recipe and now my son does the same recipe for his hamburgers on the grill.  I go exactly by the recipe, and I add sliced pepper jack to melt and makes it yummy!!!
