Moroccan-Style Stuffed Acorn Squash
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/50096/moroccan-style-stuffed-acorn-squash/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Arrange squash halves cut-side down on a baking sheet. Bake until tender, about 30 minutes. Dissolve sugar in melted butter. Brush squash with butter mixture; keep squash warm while preparing stuffing. Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Stir in garlic, celery, and carrots; cook for 5 minutes. Mix in garbanzo beans and raisins. Season with cumin, salt, and pepper. Continue to cook and stir until vegetables are tender. Pour chicken broth into the skillet, then mix in couscous. Cover the skillet and turn off heat. Allow couscous to absorb liquid for 5 minutes. Stuff squash halves with the skillet mixture and serve.
Wow, this was great! I didn't think I would like the raisins, but they were perfect. Smells much spicier than it is. I think the spice level is just right. Five stars. It was boring. The only flavor pop was from the cumin. Acorn squash with butter and brown sugar is comfort food. Adding cumin, chickpeas and 2/3 of a mirepoix is disappointing. Without something more, this just fails. I made it with Quinoa to try to preserve some North African integrity… Sorry. its how I feel. I’d rather make a lablabi soup any time. Used quinoa instead of couscous only because that is what I had on hand. Also used craisins instead of raisins and added pumpkin seeds for some crunch. Even though I didn't follow the recipe to a T, I'm giving this a 5-star rating for its versatility and the combination of butter, brown sugar, and cumin was really yummy. While cooking this recipe, my son complained about not liking squash and swore he wouldn't eat it. He went back for seconds. Will make this again and will likely try other ingredients combinations such as beans and rice. Moroccan-Style Stuffed Acorn Squash hit the spot. Everybody loved it! It's the first Acorn Squash I've attempted to turn into a meal, so cooking it was an experiment. At the last minute we invited my wife's daughter, since she was home alone. I hurried out to buy a second Acorn Squash.I substituted locally-produced honey for brown sugar, and Craisins for raisins. Otherwise, I followed the recipe precisely. We enjoyed a healthful and delicious Mediterranean vegetarian  feast.The celery and carrots remained fairly crisp; couscous sucked up twice its density in broth leaving only about a tablespoon of liquid in the skillet. We finished with an extra half of a squash and enough of the stuffing for another full meal for my wife and I tomorrow.By far the best dinner I've served in my short career as caregiver for my wife.  Thank you, AllRecipes for another winner. This was a hit, but definitely needed more veggies than the recipe called for. I added a cup of finely chopped up cauliflower (or you could use cauliflower rice), Chopped Kale, and added some garam masala for some more spice. My husband thinks this is a 4.  I am leaning toward a 3.  BUT I didn't have any couscous, so I substituted with instant rice. And I didn't have any garbanzo beans, so I subbed with red beans.  I Googled things to sub for those two things.   It worked okay, but wish I had used the exact ingredients. .  I'm not sure this is a fair rating as it wasn't the exact recipe.  But that's what happened. easy and delicious! Enjoyed it. No sugar in the house so I left that out. Also used veggie broth and vegan butter. Definitely will make again.
