Tandoori Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/50347/indian-tandoori-chicken/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove and discard skin from chicken pieces. Cut slits into meat and place into a shallow dish. Season chicken on both sides with lemon juice and salt. Let sit for 20 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix yogurt, onion, garlic, garam masala, ginger, and cayenne pepper together in a medium bowl until smooth, then stir in food coloring. otdash Meredith Food Studio Spread yogurt mixture over chicken, cover, and refrigerate for 6 to 24 hours (the longer the better). otdash Meredith Food Studio When ready to cook, preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil the grate. Remove chicken from marinade. Discard remaining marinade. Cook chicken on the preheated grill until no longer pink and the juices run clear. An instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Garnish with cilantro and lemon wedges. otdash Meredith Food Studio
This was my first time venturing into the world of Indian cooking. What an easy, wonderful, tasty meal. I followed the recipe and some of the reviewers suggestions. I used non-fat yogurt and the food coloring. I did add the cilantro to the marinade, in addition to putting it on after. I marinated it for the 24 hours and it was PERFECT. Spicy and flavorful. I will be making this MANY times and hope to share it with all my friends.Updated: I make this about twice a month. I make 16 chicken thighs and freeze them for when I want some of this tasty meat. I also bake this at 400 degrees for about 30 minutes. This recipe was easy to make and delicious。  I did not grill my Tandoori chicken; I stew it to get more Masala flavor from the spices。Thank you for recipe.  Edna The only thing I changed was leaving out the food coloring and using dried cilantro in the marinade. I baked it in the oven, then threw it on the grill for the BBQ flavor. It's fantastic! Replaced food colouring with paprika and turmeric powder. Next time use bone in chicken.  I added extra garam masalaand cayenne pepper and used ginger powder in addition to fresh. I didn't use any food coloring. Added a little more pepper to spice it up to where my family love it - only managed to marinade for 4 hours - still perfect (will definitely do the 24hr next time to see if there is much difference) I ate Chicken Tandoori the other day and just had to find a way to make it at home. The flavor in this recipe to me is a perfect match. I used ground ginger instead of fresh ginger and a pack of about 16 small boneless/skinless chicken thighs. Marinated for 24 hours  and cooked in the oven at 425 for 30 minutes each side. Added kashmiri chillies and blended the marinade.Also used chicken breast cubes on wooden skewers - they disappeared coming off the grill I used plain coconut yogurt as I can't have dairy, and it was really delicious... I'm sure it would have been better if I had actually marinated it, but thought of this about 10 minutes before cooking dinner!  I grilled it, and it just came out very moist and yummy.
