Korean Barbequed Beef
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/50723/korean-barbequed-beef/
Slice beef with the grain into long strips, about 1 1/2 inches wide, and place into a bowl. Stir together the soy sauce, rice wine, sugar, garlic, sesame oil, pepper, and chile paste in a small bowl. Pour one third of this mixture over the beef, and toss to coat. Marinate at least one hour at room temperature, or longer in the refrigerator. Simmer the remaining sauce, and the green onions in a small saucepan for one minute before pouring into a serving dish to cool. Wash and dry the lettuce, and trim off any large stems. Gently flatten the leaves with the side of a cleaver or large knife. Arrange on a serving dish. Preheat a grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil grate. Place grate three inches over the coals. Cook the meat to desired doneness, about three minutes per side for medium rare. Slice against the grain into thin strips. To serve, each diner places some beef and sauce into a lettuce leaf, folds it into a bundle, and eats it with their fingers.
We tried this while camping over the weekend. I don't like to substitute the first time I make a recipe, but I looked at THREE different stores for hot chile paste and had no luck. I substituted hot thai chili sauce, so I don't now how much that altered the recipe. I did everything else exactly as instructed and we LOVED the results. When I told hubby what I was making I could see the look of doubt on his face -- "wrapped in lettuce leaves???" But I lost count of how may he ate and he has already requested that I make it when we go camping again Labor Day Weekend. I served this with Far East brand Ginger Sesame Rice which was a great accompaniment -- we'd add a little to our lettuce bundle before wrapping and eating. YUMMY! I'm not sure whether to keep searching for the chile paste or stick with the chile sauce. Either way THANKS for the great recipe and a nice addition to our camping trip menu! I made it according to the recipe, I found the sauce was far too thin to eat on lettuce. This is a fantastic recipe.  I thinly slice it, then put it in a grill basket and put hickory chips in the smoking basket and it is wonderful. I  think it gets more smoke and marinade flavor when you slice it before you grill it.  We can't get enough of it. We modified this recipe a bit.  I put all of it except the onion and lettuce in the slow cooker on low for several hours along with some chopped up ginger.  Then shredded the meat and put it back in with the liquid.  We made this into tacos with a slaw of cabbage, the green onion, radishes, cilantro, plain Greek yogurt, and lemon juice. Very tasty recipe and easy to prepare.  Not sure how authentic it is, but delicious regardless.  4 stars instead of 5 because I felt the depth of flavor just wasn't there. I marinated the meat for about 36 hours. The first day, I wasn't a fan of the flavor. It didn't taste authentic I thought. The next day, it tasted really good.  Not sure why but the flavor kind of mellowed and evened out. Still not what I've had at Korean BBQ restaurants, but good. i really like this recipe , ill use low sodium soy sauce Fantastic, tastes just like my Korean friend's BBQ Beef. While it may not be the most authentic Korean dish (my Korean mother-in-law would chuckle), I'm not sure how some of the people on here get off saying it would be better stir-fried versus grilled. If you stir-fry it, it's a completely different dish. Just based on food chemistry alone, it would be different. As for finding the pepper paste, look for this Sunchang Gochujang. It's a very good and popular gochujang. Most Asian markets will lean to one ethnicity over others while serving the broader Asian population of their market. Fam really, really loved it.  The chili paste is HOT, so I need to watch that next time.  Good recipe!
