Grilled Sausage with Potatoes and Green Beans
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/50849/grilled-sausage-with-potatoes-and-green-beans/
Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat. Place green beans, red potatoes, onion, and sausage on a large sheet of foil. Season with salt and pepper, sprinkle with oil, and top with butter. Tightly seal foil around the ingredients, leaving only a small opening. Pour water into the opening, and seal. Place foil packet on the preheated grill. Cook 20 to 30 minutes, turning once, until sausage is browned and vegetables are tender.
Great start to a fantastic recipe. I wanted to cook indoors, so I preheated the oven to 425. In the meantime, I seared the sausage with some Worcestershire sauce just to seal in the flavor, then added this to a nonstick-sprayed roasting pan and mixed in the potatoes and onions, drizzled with olive oil, and added crushed red pepper (lots if you like it spicy!), Herbes de Provence, Kosher salt, ground black pepper, garam masala, garlic powder, and one sliced red bell pepper. I did not use any butter as called for. In the same skillet with the sausage juices, I sautéed the green beans with 4 cloves minced garlic and a bit of olive oil to soften. I then added this to this mixture to the roasting pan and tossed all the ingredients together to coat. Finally, I covered the pan with aluminum foil and baked for 40 minutes, removing the foil for the last 15 minutes, and stirring occasionally. This was amazing! Serve with garlic bread! Easy to make I followed recipe as is I had all ingredients on hand. It so good flavorful I will definitely keep this in the line up Excellent, don't change a thing. (Can be done in the oven, on a baking sheet covered in foil too) We love the ingredients, but we did add some bell peppers to it. This recipe is great, especially when it's hot and you don't want to cook anything inside! You can make it quickly. I do recommend heavy duty aluminum foil. Regular foil is not strong enough in my opinion. Just love this recipe though. Thank you so much! Would use the recommended amount of beans and the large onion or 2 smaller ones. Will definitely  make this  again I've been making this for years, and just stumbled across it here. I've made many variations of it. Though I've never used water. I've always used ice cubes ;) of course the Vidalia onions are a great addition when in season. Excellent recipe quick and easy. How can something so easy be so delicious?!? Our family loved it. I followed the recipe exactly. 20 minutes on the grill at 500 degrees. The potatoes and green beans were tender but not mushy. Can't wait to have this again!
