Microwave Corn on the Cob
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/51025/microwave-corn-on-the-cob/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove husk and silk from ear of corn. otdash Meredith Food Studio Wet a paper towel, then wring it out so it's still moist. Wrap the moist towel around the ear of corn and place it on a microwave-safe plate. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook in the microwave until kernels are tender but still crisp when poked with a knife, 3 to 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Carefully remove and discard paper towel before serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio
This is a fantastic, easy way to enjoy corn on the cob. I generally microwave 2 minutes, on high, per cob. It is fast, simple, and tastes the same as boiled corn. Be sure to wrap in the damp paper towels as this helps steam the corn. I like to microwave corn on the cob without removing the silk or husk. Just peel the husk back after cooking and use it for a handle. The silk will just fall off after cooking. Wrapping in a moistened paper towel is.good. as for the time to cook all depends on the power of the microwave.  I say 3 min with an 800 watt microwave, 2.5 with a 1000 and 2 with a 1200 watt machine. Microwaved fir 3 min. Corn tasted  overcooked.Next time I’ll try 2 minutes. First time I tried this method. It worked like a charm. My go to method from now on when I only need to stream one cob. Thank you!! We used to wrap them in wax paper and microwave. Now we cook right in the husks, when available. IIn the summer when corn is everywhere and cheap we buy It and freeze it right in the husks. Then we can have "fresh" corn all year round. Don't even defrost it before putting it in the microwave. So delicious. I’ve been cooking corn on the cob in the microwave for over 20 years. But I keep it in the husk.  Set timer for 1 1/2 minutes to cook. Then turn corn over and cook for another 1 1/2 minutes. It’s very hot.  Cut off the bottom of the corn with a knife revealing the corn inside and using your hands squeeze the other side so the corn slips right out keeping the stings inside. Butter and season and Voila! 4 minutes I LOVED this recipe. The first time I tried it, it was just with a pinch of salt and butter, but this time, I added 1/2 a tablespoon of pepper and it  tasted great. Great for Thanksgiving, Christmas, or just a side for any meal. Loved it.
