Homemade BBQ Sauce
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/51226/a-very-popular-bbq-sauce/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine brown sugar, ketchup, vinegar, water, and Worcestershire sauce in a blender. Season with mustard, paprika, salt, pepper, and hot pepper sauce. Blend until smooth. otdash Meredith Food Studio Enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO
Boil the ingredients. The instructions don't say anything about cooking the sauce, but it is much, much better after its been cooked. As is, it was very gel-like, but cooked, you get a very flavorful sauce. Been making this for over a year. This is the absolute best for barbecuing on the grill, or on hamburgers or meatloaf instead of ketchup!! I put all ingredients in a blender & blend them for 2 minutes. I omited the hot sauce and added cowboy candy marinade to it in place of water to give it a little more sweet & adds a little heat. I also use ACV in lue of the red wine vinegar and cook it down at a 5 minute boil, which gives it a bolder flavor, smoother, stickier consistency and gets the tang of the vinegar milder. Family loves it and won't buy bbq sauce from the store anymore. I added 3 chipotle in adobo and used oriental hot mustard. Turned out great! I really liked this sauce. I made a few modifications. I cut the amount of ketchup to 1 cup and added 1/2 cup of chili garlic sauce, I used about double the amount of Worcestershire sauce and used smoked paprika instead of plain. I also boiled it. I substituted pineapple juice for the water and simmered for 15 minutes. Sooooo goooood! I think I sent a review before but I must review this again. This is the BEST bbq sauce I’ve made or had since my grandmother’s own recipe. Have gotten so many compliments it’s not even funny. My spin on this recipe is that I combine all of the ingredients in a saucepan, not a blender and cook it slowly. The caramelization of the sugars adds depth to the sauce. I also add tomato paste to give it zing. I made it as written, omitting a small amount of brown sugar as I like a tangy BBQ more than a sweet one. I also added a shake or so of hot Mexican chili powder. Then I adjusted to taste. Delicious on grilled chicken. Made as written first time....Very good.Second time I used cider vinegar instead. No water.I also added 1 tablespoon onion powder and1 tsp garlic powder. I liked it better. Had more flavor undertones. I always cook my sauces beforeso I can taste and adjust if needed. Cooking really changes the flavor. Specially since vinegar tends to cook out or change when cooked. You can ditch a lot of salt and make the sauce thicker by using unsalted tomato paste with onion and garlic powder to replace the ketchup. Simmering it will thicken it up as well. Just as good and way less salty. Great sauce! I have made this several times now and I feel I have it perfected at least in my mind. I used only 1 cup brown sugar, 1 1/2 cups ketchup, 1/4 cup balsamic and 1/4 cup red wine vinegars, 1/2 cup beer, 2 1/2 tablespoons dry mustard, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons sweet Hungarian paprika, 1 teaspoon each of Emerils Bayou Blast, onion powder, garlic powder, black pepper and kosher salt. After blending well I simmer it for almost an hour. This is so good on so many different things! If too spicy it can easily be adjusted but the best thing about it is, it is so much cheaper to make this sauce than it is to buy any of them from the store. Try it! You won't be dissapointed. FYI Instead of pizza sauce use this on a pineapple and ham pizza. It'll make your eyes roll back in your head! Excellent! I make as is sometimes (esp. for chicken) or sometimes I use the following variation:Soy sauce instead of Worchestire (just because I don't like Worchestire), only 1 cup of sugar and substitute 1/2 the red wine vinegar with regular white vinegar. If I have time, I finely chop then saute onion, green pepper and garlic in butter, add the sauce, cook for a bit then put back in blender to puree the veggies. Also like to add liquid smoke or sometimes, a touch of horseradish for extra kick.Thanks for an awesome recipe! I will continue to use it (both with and without my variation) for years to come! Had everything in my pantry.  Easy to put together.  Used it on country ribs  and added to baked beans to up their flavor.  Followed the advice and boiled it through for a more intense flavor. I was told that this was the best barbecue sauce and asked to use this on everything from now on.  I agree! Cheaper too! Great base even better chilled for 24 hours after boil. My wife thinks it needs more of a kick. Recipe as written is very good   One version I make:  1 cup of brown sugar, 1/2 cup merlot instead red wine vinegar, 1/4 cup water, 2 tbsp Worcestershire sauce, 1 tbsp smoked paprika, 4 cloves minced garlic,  6 drops of habanero sauce;  instead of dry mustard I use honey dijon mustard.  All other ingredients are the same.I stir everything together in a small pot and when it comes to a boil I simmer the sauce for 5 minutes stirring constantly .Freezes well. I heated it,  I plan on not adding water because it comes out a little thin. I added liquid smoke, a can of tomato paste and some honey.  It's terrific! So easy to make in my Vitamix. Blend it about 5-7 minutes. Cooks up thick & creamy. Great as is or add a dash of garlic and onion powder. I'll not buy bottled sauce again. Lots of flavor out of a really easy sauce.
