Chinese Tea Leaf Eggs
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/51326/chinese-tea-leaf-eggs/
Combine 3 cups water, tea leaves, soy sauce, black soy sauce, zest, cinnamon stick, star anise, and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a large saucepan; bring to a boil. Reduce heat, cover, and simmer for 3 hours. Meanwhile, place eggs and remaining 1 teaspoon salt into a medium pot; cover with cold water. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer for 20 minutes. Remove from heat, drain, and cool. Tap cooled eggs with the back of a spoon to crack shells; do not remove shells. Remove the saucepan from the heat. Add eggs and let steep for at least 8 hours, or for a richer flavor, up to 1 1/2 days.
Please note that the Chinese "dark/black" soy sauce is VERY different than the "light/regular" one. The dark soy has a sweeter flavor, while giving the color to the egg. It's not salty at all. So the "regular" soy sauce is actually the wrong one to use. My husband came back from Hong Kong and wanted me to make him tea leaf eggs.  I never heard of them but, sure enough, AR had a recipe.  Followed recipe, with no changes, and they turned out wonderful.  He loves them and they're a breeze to make.  Highly recommend!  Thanks AR for coming to my rescue. An excellent recipe for traditional style tea eggs!  I like the addition of the Black soy sauce.  I have always used five-spice powder in mine instead of anise pods, but this is wonderful. Here is how to make black soy if you can't find it. 3/4 C yield. 1/4 C water, 2/3 to 1 C dark brown sugar,1/2 C soy sauce. Reduce to a glaze. I love these eggs! I used to eat one every morning when I lived in China! This recipe is a good one, but I'm finding it hard to recreate the exact flavor of the eggs. I also didn't use the black soy sauce because I couldn't find it anywhere, but i added in some sugar to counteract the saltiness of the recipe. Although I didn't actually think they were as salty as some people seemed to think. I'm made these twice now and I will definitely continue to make them in the future. They are a nice change from regular hard boiled eggs. Now all I need is some pickled bamboo and rice porridge and I'll be back in China! i have made these for years and love them, adding the anise, cinnamon and lemon  was great. Pretty to look at.  A lot of work. The patterns that emerge on these eggs are beautiful and unique they have a very interesting taste, too. I'm glad I remembered this recipe in time for Easter. I think my young daughter will enjoy cracking the shells and then eating the eggs later! I didn't have the patience to boil the entire concoction for 3 hours. Instead, I boiled it just long enough for the eggs to be cool enough to handle. Then I cracked the eggs and put them in and simmered for about 30 minutes.I did let them soak in the sauce overnight and stored them in the fridge that way, taking them out one by one only when we were going to eat them. Also, I found the recipe could be a little saltier for our taste. Otherwise, this recipe is quite yummy.The flavor is meant to be subtle, so it's not for everyone. But my husband loves it. very nice recipe.  Mine did not come out with a ton of flavor, but they were BEAUTIFUL!  A bit labor intensive for something without a huge punch of flavor but certainly something nice to take to a party.
