Favorite Barbecue Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/51372/favorite-barbecue-chicken/
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil the grate. Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add onion and garlic; sauté until tender, about 2 minutes. Stir in ketchup, honey, brown sugar, apple cider vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, salt, and pepper; simmer until sauce has thickened slightly, about 1 or 2 minutes. Remove from heat; set aside to cool slightly. Dip chicken in sauce to coat on both sides; reserve remaining sauce in the skillet. Transfer chicken onto the preheated grill and cook, turning once, until nicely browned on all sides, about 10 to 15 minutes. Return chicken to the skillet with sauce; simmer over medium heat until sticky, about 5 minutes on each side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Since it's freezing outside, I decided not to grill, but baked the chicken instead. I just put the chicken pieces in a baking dish and covered them with sauce. I also added one tablespoon of prepared mustard to the sauce as well. I won't be going back to the bottled stuff again, this sauce was delicious. Super easy to make and taste is superb.  This will be my go to for chicken. Great sauce! The only changes I made were to add about a tsp of Dijon, 1/4 tsp each of onion and garlic powder. I didn't add salt; didn't need it. Thanks for the great recipe! This recipe makes the best, most wonderfully tasty chicken.I supplemented it with some Korean BBQ sauce because I needed to use it up. I liked the sauce! My issue was with the reviewer that didn’t even try it and then the proceeded to tell us the correct way to make Bbq sauce. Seriously why are you even commenting??? Not what the reviews and comments are for The best bbq chicken I’ve tried. Definitely a keeper. Plan on making a lot to jar for later. I doubled the recipe for 3 full chicken breasts. Instead of sautéing onions with the garlic, I added a tsp of onion powder and a pinch of garlic powder and paprika to the garlic. I also added another teaspoon of onion powder and 1/2 tsp of bunsters hot sauce when all ingredients were mixed together. Grilled on bbq for 15 minutes then put the chicken back into the sautée pan with sauce for 3 min per side. Excellent!! I made it in the oven and added. A few dashes of liquid hickory smoke flavour for that true barbecue taste.
