Ube-Macapuno Cake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/51518/ube-macapuno-cake/
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Line the bottom of three 9-inch round pans with parchment paper, but do not grease. Make the ube cake: Mix flour, baking powder, and salt together in a large bowl; set aside. Place grated ube in a large bowl. Combine 3/4 cup milk and 1 teaspoon vanilla; gradually blend into ube until smooth. Blend in egg yolks, corn syrup, and oil. Beat in flour mixture until smooth; set aside. Combine egg whites and cream of tartar in a large bowl; beat with an electric mixer until foamy. Gradually add sugar, then red and blue food coloring, continuing to beat until stiff peaks form. Fold 1/3 of the whites into batter, then quickly fold in remaining whites until no streaks remain. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 30 to 35 minutes. Invert pans on a wire rack and let cool upside down. When cool, run a knife around the edges to loosen cake from the pans. Spread coconut preserves onto the cooled cake layers; stack layers on a cake stand or serving plate. Make the buttercream: Combine evaporated milk and 3/4 cup sugar; set aside. Combine butter and sugar in a large bowl; beat with an electric mixer until smooth and creamy. Beat in food coloring, one drop at a time, until the desired tint is achieved. Frost top and sides of cake with buttercream.
Note: Ube (pronounced "OOH-bee") is also available in a jar, precooked and mashed. It can also be found in a packet in the frozen section. Many Asian stores sell either form of ube. Sometimes its labeled as "ube" or "purple yam". Very goodجدا Not bad, made some modifications to recipe. Sub, milk with coconut milk. Added Philly cheese to frosting for creamy results. If you like Ube this is a good recipe, you can also check best restaurant in Quezon City if you don't like to bake but want to eat sweets. Cake. Well I substituted purple sweet potato for ube. It was great. Icing, would NOT work in this recipe. The butter would. Ream then the moment I added the cold milk/sugar mix, it would seize and not mix. In the end, the icing I did get was watery and far more milk than I ever used. I would probably recommend a more standard buttercream over this version. This recipe was greatly appreciated. Thank you so much for sharing. My results were more dense than they should have been. The addition of the egg whites lightened the color of the batter so much that I felt I needed to add more food color and I lost some volume at that point. The flavor was lovely though. I used liquid coconut oil for a boost in flavor. I’ll try this again but I think I’ll use ube halyala as some other recipes suggest. Cake was good, but l added more ube halaya (ube in jar). Frosting didn't do well.  Did my own butter frosting. Too much waste on the icing... i should have made my own buttercream icing... waste of time... I've always loved ube cake...and I'm so glad I found a good recipe that works! some of the reviews I read had me hesitating but I'm glad I followed through. I improvised and discarded an ingredient (corn syrup) since I didn't have one, i also beat the sugar with the egg yolks instead. I halved the recipe just to see if it would turn out well. I made a runny liquidy type of frosting (if you would call it that) that used whipped condensed milk with butter, something I learned from a nearby pinoy restaurant that does so. Definitely recommend to try this recipe. Good tasting, nice dense cake structure. I couldn't find coconut preserves so I used a coconut cream that I made for in between layers. Also, I used half crisco and vegtable oil because in the past I found the all veg oil cakes to be dry. The flour mixture turns a little gray until you add the food coloring though I couldn't quite get the bright purple back. I left the frosting white for better presentaion contrast and added a cheddar cheese garnish (after doing some research). All in all, a nice cake!
