Lori's Famous Crab Cakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/51850/loris-famous-crab-cakes/
In a bowl, toss together dry bread crumbs, green bell pepper, red bell pepper, green onions, and parsley. Mix in egg white, mayonnaise, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, and Dijon mustard. Season with Old Bay seasoning, dry mustard, and onion powder. Fold crabmeat into mixture. Form into 6 large cakes. Coat in remaining bread crumbs. Heat oil in a large, heavy skillet. Fry cakes 5 minutes on each side, or until evenly brown. Drain on paper towels.
Hi all...I am the submitter of this recipe. I just want to share a few tips, all veggies should be diced very fine. Before you fold in the crab meat, if the veggie/binding mixture is too loose, add a little more bread crumbs, if it is too dry (which may result in the cakes not sticking together), and a little more mayo. After all the cakes are made, I lightly pat more crumbs on all sides. Yes, I do fry them, but not in that much oil as stated here. I have never broiled them, but I'm sure they are just as good. I hope this helps, and enjoy! As soon as I saw peppers and onion listed as ingredients I KNEW this was a one-star, at best recipe!  Having grown up in Southern Maryland, we know you don't add things to mask the flavor or good crabs! They stand on their own just fine! Nothing green or red belongs in them and nothing with strong flavor such as onion.  I do have a tip:  Instead of breadcrumbs, boil a medium-sized potato without the skin, let it cool, and mash with a fork. Use that instead of breadcrumbs as your binder. You won't even know it is there and it will hold your crabcake together beautifully! not enough Old bay...1 teaspoonNO PEPPERS noneNo onionstoo much mustard .... 1/2 teaspoontoo little mayo ....  1/2 cup1/2 cup mayonow you will have a great crab cake I really liked these except that I found the seasoning was too timid, and I would also skip the extra bread crumbs on the outside. I don't know if maybe my cooking surface needed more oil, but those crumbs really didn't crisp up and made the texture a little grainy. Otherwise these were great. I had a little trouble getting them to hold together, so I added a bit more egg white and mayo, and let the mixture sit, and then it was fine. I liked this recipe. I too had trouble keeping the cakes together when frying them. (Maybe I didn't drain the crab carefully enough? Maybe I should have patted it dry?) Pretty good flavor, and I liked the taste of the peppers. Thanks, Lori! This is just the best recipe for crab cakes that I have ever found. I too froze the cakes for a few minutes before frying, and they held together well. I added just a touch more of Mayo, hot sauce and lemon juice as a personal preference.  My family begs for them now. Excellent! I used 2 1/2 lbs of crab meat based on the texture of mixture. I couldn't find how much to use noted in the recipe. Also I did not roll in addtl bread crumbs. Everyone loved them! One of the best crab cakes I've had. Easy to make, moist and delicious.Reduced the lemon juice to 1 teaspoon and sautéed red bell pepper (didn't use green) before adding to the mixture. They were okay , but to me and my family veggies don't go into crab cakes , just egg , cracker crumbs or bread crumbs worchestershire sauce & old bay , I bake mine in muffin tins to me they are better than fried , sorry but I won't make them by this recipe again ! I have made this recipe as stated on multiple occasions. I always double the recipe.  My family always loves it. I do need to mention that I use imitation crab meat. I just chop it up fine.
