Creole Vegetables
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/52920/creole-vegetables/
In a large skillet over medium heat, cook bacon until evenly brown. Set aside, reserving 2 tablespoons bacon fat. Saute onion and green pepper in bacon fat until tender. Stir in tomatoes, green beans, salt, and pepper. Cover, and simmer for 15 minutes. Stir in corn, cover, and continue cooking until vegetables are tender, about 20 minutes. In a small bowl, mix together flour and water. Stir into vegetables, and cook until thickened, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat, and stir in evaporated milk. Crumble bacon over top. Serve immediately.
This recipe is unbelievably delicious! If I could give it ten stars I would!!!!!!!! A time-saving/personal note:My husband and I live an hour from the nearest supermarket, so we rarely have lots of fresh vegetables on hand. I had the onion and bell pepper, but used canned diced tomatoes (drained, of coarse), and fortunately I had a bag each of frozen green beans and corn (not on the cob), which I just thawed in hot water. I used these in place of fresh vegetables, and the recipe still turned out fabulous!!!! For people without much time on their hands, this saves a fair amount of chopping and preparing. Just an idea.. worked for me!!! My family loves this recipe! I made exactly as written the first time. The 2nd time, I doubled the recipe and added a can of fire roasted tomatoes with my fresh tomatoes. My son wants me to try it with roasted corn next time. This recipe is definitely in our meal rotation. I used chicken bacon and light evaporated milk, and it tasted really good. Really loved this recipe.  I ended up not even adding the evaporated milk because it was delicious without! Not bad, but just not for us. This recipe is unbelievably delicious!  If I could give it ten stars I would!!!!!!!!  A time-saving/personal note:My husband and I live an hour from the nearest supermarket, so we rarely have lots of fresh vegetables on hand.  I had the onion and bell pepper, but used canned diced tomatoes (drained, of coarse), and fortunately I had a bag each of frozen green beans and corn (not on the cob), which I just thawed in hot water.  I used these in place of fresh vegetables, and the recipe still turned out fabulous!!!!  For people without much time on their hands, this saves a fair amount of chopping and preparing.  Just an idea.. worked for me!!!
