Cream Corn Like No Other
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/53304/cream-corn-like-no-other/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine corn, heavy cream, sugar, butter, salt, and black pepper in a skillet over medium heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until butter has melted, 3 to 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Meanwhile, whisk milk and flour together in a small bowl until smooth. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add milk mixture to the skillet and continue to cook, stirring constantly, until sauce is thickened and corn is cooked through, about 4 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove from heat, and stir in Parmesan cheese until melted. Serve hot. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Fantastic recipe. I used half and half instead of the heavy cream. I reduced the amount a little to compensate for a more runny fluid. Still tasted great! This is so simple to do and the flavors are so decadent. Very rich creamy sauce. I didn't add the cheese, and it didn't need it. It was fantastic as is. I grew up with canned creamed corn and this is in a whole different league. Just wow. Easy and fresh! great in chicken corn chowder! I always loved cream corn, but I’ve only ever had it from a can. My wife didn’t like it from a can And asked me to try homemade. I found this recipe a year ago and made enough to get us through the winter. It’s a great recipe! And she loves it. Cooked up seven dozen Cobbs this year and vacuum sealed it for the freezer. Very good! So easy. So quick. I didn’t have any heavy cream, so I used half and half. I also used half and half for the flour mixture. It turned out great! Thanks Diana for sharing this recipe. Very good and easy to make. I also use this recipe to make creamed peas. This was one of the best recipes I've ever had for fresh corn corn .Thank you so much This was excellent…..just excellent I absolutely love this recipe.  My grandmother and mother are "country" :) and so I come from great creamed corn, but even my mother - whose creamed corn is one of my absolute favorites - loves this recipe.  I follow the recipe exactly and use frozen corn.  It's simple and fabulous.  I also use this creamed corn as a base for corn casserole I make.  Yum factor 11.  Thank you for sharing your recipe!
