Anaheim Fish Tacos
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/53604/anaheim-fish-tacos/
Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat, and saute the chile, leek, and garlic until tender and lightly browned. Season with salt and pepper. Mix the chicken broth and tomatoes into the skillet, and season with cumin. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low. Place the halibut into the mixture. Sprinkle with lime juice. Cook 15 to 20 minutes until the halibut is easily flaked with a fork. Wrap in warmed corn tortillas to serve.
The extra juice is a blessing. I placed the mixture into a colander to drain it, over a pan. Then, I took the juices and simmered them down over medium-heat, uncovered. A few small dollops of sour cream, heating it through, and then I had an absolutely luscious creamy sauce for the tacos. Why pour it down the drain? Sheesh. This was excellent!  I used Seafood stock instead of chicken stock and put more than recommended.   This created a fish stew that was amazing.  I served it with a side of tortilla! These were fine, but nothing special. I liked how quickly they came together, but they were missing something. I wanted a little dressing on it, so I added a little olive oil mayonnaise to it. it was a nice addition to the fish. For a little kick, I think wasabi mayonnaise would go good with it to. Bland, boring, not worth the ingredients. tasteless Kind of blah.  Not bad tasting just no zing. Very good! We used tilapia instead of the halibut and a serrano in place of the anaheim and used green onions over the leek and left out the cumin and it still was good. I only seasoned my tilapia with garlic salt & lemon pepper. And when it was all cooked I drained the juices and boiled it then I added some sour cream to it and then when it was alittle thicker I poured it over the shredded fish. Then we warmed flour tortillas and fixed it like a burrito. We added other toppings like avacodo, cilantro & yellow pepper. Alot of variety available with this dish. Pretty good, but agreed, a touch bland.  Next time I'd do a spicier reduction with serranos, I think.  Also, use fresh tomatoes/pico de gallo rather than hot tomatoes.  Also, I finished it with avaocado and asiago cheese.  I'd add a mesclun mix at the end too -- to add some greens. I cooked the liquid down until everything was at just a nice moist level but not runny, as it does start out with a lot of liquid. We added green chili peppers as I couldn't find Anaheim peppers. Also, didn't want to pay the price for Halibut, so used local Haddock type fish fillets. I also used whole wheat tortilla shells, we used spinach leaves instead of iceberg lettuce, they were sooooo good!!!
