Fish Tacos
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/53729/fish-tacos/
Make beer batter: Combine flour, cornstarch, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl. Blend beer and egg in a separate bowl, then quickly stir into flour mixture until combined with a few lumps remaining. otdash Meredith Food Studio Make white sauce: Mix together yogurt and mayonnaise in a medium bowl. Gradually stir in fresh lime juice until consistency is slightly runny. Season with jalapeño, capers, cayenne, oregano, cumin, and dill. otdash Meredith Food Studio Start fish tacos: Heat oil in a deep-fryer to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Dust fish pieces lightly with flour. Set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Dip floured fish pieces into beer batter. Set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Fry in hot oil until crisp and golden brown. Drain on paper towels. Lightly fry tortillas in hot oil until just crisped, but not too crisp. Drain on paper towels. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place fried fish in tortillas; top with shredded cabbage and white sauce. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
I've made this recipe as is with the fried fish and it is great, but I have also grilled the fish and it has come out even more tasty. I marinate the fish in lime and a bit of jalapenos to add flavor, and just dust with chili powder and salt before grilling. They come out moist and tasty, and best of all healthier! I also suggest using cabbage slaw mixture instead of just straight cabbage. It adds color and flavor as well. The sauce is amazing as is though. None of the flavors are too overpowering, and it's so tangy on the fish, a perfect combination! Great recipe, we added a (seeds removed) jalapeño.  It was very hot so we toned it down a bit with some honey and ranch dressing to taste.  Yowzza, everyone loved it. Sauce makes these over the top!! 😊 We make it this way and grilled, with cod and with any whitefish, and usually with bagged slaw mix. In a huge hurry one day, we even bought Captain D's slaw and fish and tossed it into taco shells with the seasoning and sauce. 😆 Hard to go wrong with this! Here in Ireland, we have Bird's Eye Fish Fingers (I understand Americans know them as fish sticks) in batter. Also, fish goujons which are bite-sized battered cod. I use those for fish tacos. delish This is a definite keeper. Ive served this recipe as written for a few years without ant changes.Perfect and it  has become a requested dish when my Family gets together. 5 This is by FAR the best recipe of any kind that I have found online! It is BEYOND delicious and it is mine and my husband’s all time favorite homemade meal! I have made this countless times over the years, and pretty much have it memorized at this point! I follow the recipe almost exactly, omitting the jalapeño because I can’t do spicy very well. I also use a coleslaw package mix (without the dressing) and sauté it with a little butter to soften but still have some crunch. I would HIGHLY recommend doubling the white sauce because IT IS THAT GOOD! Do not let this recipe intimidate you; it is fantastic and worth the little extra time to prep and cook. If you’re worried about spice, just omit the jalapeño. And do not be afraid of using the capers! They make the white sauce outstanding! Cannot gush over this recipe enough. FABULOUS everyone I have made this for askes how to make it. I've done it with the batter and without. batter is good to 'stretch' it to feed many but not necessary.  most prefer it without and its easier, as in sauté in oil. the sauce is what makes it. make it a few hours in advance so it can come together while chillin in the fridge. I omit the cayenne and use pickled jalapenos minced to a pulp, with a splash of the pickling juice. and be carful with the cumin.  depending on how strong/fresh it is 1/4 tea spoon is plenty IMO. thank you for this great recipe.
