Balsamic Bruschetta
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/54165/balsamic-bruschetta/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Brush bread slices on both sides lightly with 1 tablespoon oil and place on large baking sheet. Toast bread until golden, about 5 to 10 minutes, turning halfway through. Meanwhile, toss together tomatoes, basil, Parmesan cheese, and garlic in a bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix in balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoons olive oil, kosher salt, and pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Spoon tomato mixture onto toasted bread slices. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve immediately and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO
Makes the perfect light appetizer/snack! I took the advice of others & threw in an extra handful of parm, just because i love cheese. I also toasted the bread w/ a drizzle of olive oil & a sprinkle of garlic powder, dried basil & parsley. Irresistable! Thank you! I mixed all the ingredients except the cheese together a few hours before serving and let it sit at room temperature. I added the cheese when I broiled the bread and served it immediately. I am not sure why some people refrigerate this before serving. Tomatoes lose flavor when they are chilled. FYI, I left the tomato seeds in and used a slotted spoon to place the mixture on the bread. The bread remained wonderfully crisp. I made this recipe, with a slight modification. instead of adding the garlic into the tomato mixture, I rubbed fresh cloves over the tosted (sometimes I fry the bread) bread slices. the toast acts as a rasp and is an excellent way of getting the most out of the garlic's essence into the bruschetta. I increased the salt and pepper very slightly, added 1/3 of a cucumber finely chopped along with some green onion tops and fresh mint leaves. Over the top good. I make this all the time and everyone loves it! I pretty much follow this recipe and grow my own basil which really adds a nice freshness to the mixture. I remove all the seeds and dice up the fleshy part of the plum tomatoes. And I use bleu cheese crumbles instead of parmesan cheese. Another nice zip to the flavor on some lightly toasted Italian bread . I could eat it for breakfast its so good! This will stay in my favorites. I used canned petite diced tomatoes and the texture was perfect! We spread jarred pesto on toasted baguette and top with this. Yum yum!!! This was delicious, fresh, and a real crowd pleaser.Added some finely chopped red onion and chives which made the mix pop. Made this with some home grown tomatoes gifted to me and it was amazing! Obviously, the quality of tomato will affect the outcome. This is such a pretty and simple appetizer to make. I used a balsamic reduction for a more intense flavor and perhaps, a bit more garlic but I would make this again anytime I had some nice tomatoes available. Enjoyed it very much! It's awesome!! Try experimenting with the herbs. I tried parsley instead of basil & it turned out quite well. The trick is to prepare the mixture and keep it for an hour or so before eating I really liked this recipe, but I personally would add more olive oil and less balsamic, as long as you're planning to let it sit for a while before serving. If you don't want your bread to get soggy, let your guests spoon the mixture onto the bread themselves. To toast the baguette, I usually brush olive oil on the slices and broil them on high for a minute or so, sometimes I flip them over and do the underside for just a few seconds as well. When they're cool enough to touch, rub a clove of garlic on them to give it a little more flavor! This was delicious! I didn't have shredded Parmesan so I just used grated and it was fine. I'll use grated the next time. I made the recipe the night before and mixed everything except the balsamic. I tossed the vinegar in about a half hour before I served it and it was perfect! I appreciate recipes I can make ahead of time. Guests always love this one. I add mozzarella pearls for additional flavor and always let the mixture set in the refrigerator for at least 4-6 hours so all the flavors can seep in. The only thing I did differently was with the bread.  It wasn't browning very well so I stuck it under the broiler for a minute, watched it carefully, turned it to the other side,  and it came out beautifully. My wife is not fond of bruchetta but absolutely loved this recipe. I used an Italian loaf cut horizontally. It toasted perfectly (10 min at 400 then broiled for a couple minutes no need to flip it) and held together better than sliced. Going to add a truffle aioli next time. Wow!  I used fresh, chopped vine ripened tomatoes from my garden. I made bruschetta with fresh tomatoes and basil from my garden, without Parmesan cheese and let it sit in the fridge overnight for the best flavor. I toasted the bread with mozzarella cheese until cheese is really melted. Add bruschetta 😋. We are having this again this week with goat cheese, I may add the parmesan also.
