Greek-Style Garlic Chicken Breasts
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/54202/greek-style-garlic-chicken-breast/
Cut three slits in each chicken breast to allow marinade to penetrate. Place chicken into a large bowl. Whisk oil, lemon juice, garlic, pepper, salt, and paprika together for about 30 seconds. Pour over chicken; use your hands to work marinade into chicken. Cover and refrigerate, 8 hours to overnight. Preheat an outdoor grill for medium heat and lightly oil the grate. Cook chicken on the preheated grill until meat is no longer pink and juices run clear, 10 to 12 minutes, flipping halfway through. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
LOVE this recipe!!! I followed many of the previous reviewers advice (especially Cloverdale1's) and these are my final changes:only 1/2 cup olive oiljuice of 3 medium lemons2 tablespoons minced garlic NO paprika (just b/c I don't have any)1 teasp. of crushed basil 1 teasp. of crushed oregano1/4 teasp. cayenne pepper1/4 teasp. crushed red pepperKept salt, and black pepper the same....I am not a good planner, and I like easy cooking, so I only marinate about an hour to an hour and 1/2. Then I just put in the the broiler instead of grilling.As you can tell, I like it spicy. Even in the broiler, this recipe kept the chicken perfectly cooked and MOIST. YUMMY!!!!My husband and 13 year old LOVED IT, and said they want this one a lot, which is great b/c it's so easy... Very simple 9.7.2010-I only marinated the chicken for two hours and it came out delicious!  Can't wait to try it marinading overnight!  I think making the slits in the chicken, allowing the marinade to seep in, helped keep the chicken nice and tender.  Usually our grilled chicken comes out kinda dry, but this time they were perfect and tasted like the chicken from a Greek restaurant.9.16.2017-have been making this for a while, but marinade time last night was 1 hour. Still tender and juicy, but flavors didn't come through. This recipe pairs well with just about anything--potatoes, pilaf, greens, etc. I loved the ease of this recipe! Prep time is maybe 10 minutes and after work, perfect! I didn’t use fresh lemon because I didn’t have one but I did have lemon juice. I used about 1/4 cup, or the juice of a lemon. I cut the EVOO way back to 1/4 cup also. I saw the bland comments so I added about a teaspoon of herbs de provenance. I let it marinate while the stove heated up and cooked it at bake, 350, until done. Made some pirogies to go with and a salad. Yum! It's DELICIOUS 😋 It’s great to have this chicken breasts meal. I’ll try it! Michael Stice. Greek me back irs a nice way but I must of did something wrong I will stick to Oakland Geyo Milwaukee WI 🤔 We loved this!  However, after marinating and stirring in marinade for only few mins (maybe 15-20) I cooked on high stovetop for 3-4 mins in cast iron skillet and actually poured much of the marinade right in!  Then I cooked in oven in same cast iron skillet for normal time (375 degrees for 35 mins).  Voila!  perfecto!muah :0) I added just a small amount of white vinegar, soy sauce and oil to finish the marinade. I made this with chicken thighs and it was great!!! Next time I will grill it with breasts. It seems quite simple and easy recipe to cook. Sometimes simple is the best! We can add extra flavors if you want to.
