Turkey Brine
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/54614/turkey-brine/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine vegetable broth, sea salt, rosemary, sage, thyme, and savory in a large stockpot. Bring to a boil, stirring frequently to be sure salt is dissolved. Remove from heat, and let cool to room temperature. otdash Meredith Food Studio When broth mixture is cool, pour it into a clean food-grade 5-gallon bucket. Stir in the ice water. Rinse and dry your turkey. Make sure you have removed the innards. Place turkey, breast-side down, into the brine. Make sure that the cavity gets filled. Place the bucket in the refrigerator for 8 hours, or overnight. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove turkey carefully, draining off excess brine and pat dry. Discard excess brine. Cook turkey as desired reserving the drippings for gravy. Keep in mind that brined turkeys cook 20 to 30 minutes faster so watch the temperature gauge. otdash Meredith Food Studio Enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO
Cannot even describe how amazing this was. My mom's turkeys have always been just okay, and so I decided to take charge for Easter dinner and make this. It was my first turkey and no one could believe how incredibly juicy, tender, and moist it was. I followed the recipe for the brine exactly, including just letting the bucket sit in a cool place overnight. To cook it, I put an onion, carrot and celery stalk into the cavity. It started breast side down in a 325 degree oven for 2 hours. Then I turned it over and it took another 45 minutes or so to be done. For the last 15 minutes I turned the oven up to 400 to finish browning and basted it with a little butter. Did not cover it with foil, and otherwise didn't bother basting it. The meat was literally falling off the bones it was so tender and the flavor went all through the meat. It was seriously about as foolproof as you could get. The only change I'll make next time is to either reduce the sea salt or substitute water for some of the vegetable broth. It was just a touch on the salty side, I think because broth is often high in salt to begin with. Don't be afraid to try this recipe, it really was that easy. Cannot recommend it enough.. and ditto the other reviewers' comments on the drippings -- they make amazing gravy. This is my favorite brine ever!  This is my 4th year using it. ❤️ The only reason I didn't go five stars is because I thought it needed a bit of acid. During the brining process I added two lemons that were sliced. Then I smoked it until the internal temperature was 160 and everything was wonderful. I served it Christmas Eve for a huge family get together and everyone was raving. Perfect skin! Use a brine bag. Great recipe.  Great results. A co worker once shared this recipe with me and  I have been using this brine recipe every thanksgiving for the last 8 years! I do add a little less sea salt as the broth I use is a little on the saltier side. Other than that this recipe is a must! I have made this four times now and it's a game-changer! Make sure you rinse the brine off before cooking. I am very picky about food and recipes and this has been a grand slam every single time. Strongly recommend! This is my go-to brine. I have the recipe bookmarked so it's easily at hand. This is an excellent brine. I’ve used this recipe for several years & my turkey is flavorful & very moist. The brine doesn’t overpower the flavor of the turkey.  So glad I found out about brining!
