Fairuzah's Chili
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/54669/fairuzahs-chili/
In a large pot, combine the ground beef, ground turkey, and onion. Cook, stirring, over medium heat until meat is cooked through, about 10 minutes. Stir in the kidney beans, baked beans, tomatoes, and mushrooms. Season with chili powder, garlic, garlic powder, cinnamon, salt, and pepper. Reduce heat to low, and simmer for at least 1 hour, stirring occasionally. The longer the better. After the first half-hour has passed, taste, and adjust seasonings to suit your preference.
This was one of the best homemade chilli recipes my husband and I have ever eaten. It was very easy to make! The only thing I added was some cayenne pepper sauce to make hotter the way my husband likes it! I think the thing about chili is the variety of recipes.  There are so many kinds, some simple and some very complex.  This is definitely a simpler recipe.  I am suffering from a pretty painful injury, so when I saw this recipe I thought it looked funky, fun and (most importantly) easy to try out.  I did have to do a little improvising based on what I had.  I used pork and beans instead of baked beans, so I added a small amount of brown sugar and ketchup.  I couldn't find my cinnamon, so I substituted a sprinkling of gram masala.  I used all ground beef, no turkey.  Added crushed red pepper instead of cayenne and a large can of diced tomatoes rather than the stewed ones.  I cooked it in my instant pot on the chili setting to meld the flavors.  It was pretty good.  We dollopped sour cream and tried a mango hot sauce the first night and had leftovers the next day.  I thought the mushrooms would be kind of weird and they were, a little. So this was a sweet and spicy chili with an interesting mix of bean textures. I completed the recipe as directed, but was unhappy with the result. The result was a very sweet chili, overpowered by the cinnamon and baked bean base. My kids did not eat it. My wife said the first bite "shocked" her. Will not make again Full disclosure.... I haven't even served this yet and I am rating it because I am standing at the stove with a spoon eating from the pot (don't tell the kids). This has to be the most unique, flavorful chili that I have ever had. I love the vague hint of cinnamon that will keep people guessing. The only think that I would change next time is I would add another can os stewed tomatoes. Can't wait till dinner time. I halved the recipe using only Ground turkey knowing well that beef provides more flavour but trying to keep bad cholesterol levels down. I also added a small can of chick peas and chopped mushrooms and a little cumin for added flavour. Very tasty. I was a bit skeptical about this recipe, but had a bunch of leftover baked beans to use up, so I thought I would give it a try.  My family really liked it!  The sweetness of the baked beans mixed well with the spice, and the cinnamon added an unusual, exotic flavor.  Will make again!! Great recipe with a few slight alterations. First, I used all ground beef and left out the cinnamon. Also only used 1tble spoon of chili powder to cut down on the spicy. Also added 1/ cup of ketchup and 1/3 cup of ortega taco sauce. it had a weird maple taste I think from the pork/beans....  I think it could have been good with regular beans... I enjoyed this dish well enough. The flavor is plentiful and good, the recipe easy to make. I really liked this chili. There were a few things I changed for personal preference. I only added two cans of baked beans, and then two kidney and two pinto. I added about 1/3 cup brown sugar, cumin, and some red pepper for kick. It ended up tasting very good, and is a huge hit with my husband. Thanks for the ideas!ps Don't worry about adding liquids when you're making this. It was really thick at first, but after it had simmered covered for an hour it was the perfect chili consistency.
