Perfect Baked Potato
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/54679/perfect-baked-potato/
Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Scrub the potato, and pierce the skin several times with a knife or fork. Rub the skin with olive oil, then with salt. Place the potato in the preheated oven, and bake until slightly soft and golden brown, about 90 minutes. Slice the potato down the center, and serve with butter and black pepper. Sprinkle shredded Cheddar cheese over the top, if desired. it
Love baking potatoes this way. I usually have large potatoes so I have to bake them a long time. I usually have the oven on 350 or 400 degrees depending on how much time I have for them to bake. Baking them longer (2.5 hours or so) at 300 is great, but I usual don't have that kind of time. I coat these with the oil, and then generously sprinkle crushed sea salt and then sprinkle garlic powder on them. Of course, we love garlic, so this is yummy to us. Our family then top these a variety of ways. Oh, I put these directly on the rack in the oven and have a drip pan on the next rack down to catch anything. This works well for me. These are so delicious! We use salted butter on the potatoes and then wrap them in foil to bake. First time ever making a baked potato, and I used this recipe. It was incredible! Massaging the skin with olive oil and salt indeed makes for a very tasty skin; it was my favorite part of the potato.I will definitely be making this again! This is a well dressed potato and very delicious too .  Now do not forget dessert too Maybe a helpful hint: Learned this years ago when working at a restaurant. After the potato is done and before slicing open, GENTLY roll, on a hard surface, the potato back and forth several times with the palm of your hand (I usually pat with my palm too). This method loosens the inside of the tater so ya don't have to "dig" out with a fork. The more ya roll it, the softer it gets. Practice makes perfect! Good flavor. I cranked it to 350 degrees for 90 minutes and it came out perfect. The baking temperature is too low so they bake too slow and then when baked l9ng they get too dry. Revise baking temp to at least 400. I prefer 425 for perfect skin and internal doneness. I checked after 1 hour and 20 minutes.  Hard as rocks. Now have them in the microwave and I do hope they're done by the time my guests arrive.  300 degrees?  I thought that's crazy but you all seem to think it's fine.  Not. EVEN Better used bacon grease instead of Olive oil  And Kosher salt. Easy!
