Fried Pork Chops
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/55593/fried-pork-chop/
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Combine flour, seasoning salt, salt, and pepper in a paper or plastic bag. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place pork chops in the bag and shake to coat. Shake off any excess flour. otdash Meredith Food Studio Fry chops in hot oil until golden on the outside and juices run clear, 4 to 5 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). Drain on a wire rack or paper towels before serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
This has been a family fav for years. I sprinkle my chops with seasoning salt, onion and garlic powder prior to dipping in a milk/egg wash, then the seasoned flour with black pepper added. Then I let the chops sit in the fridge for about 30 minutes to an hour before frying to get the coating "gummy" looking, so the coating will not fall off while frying. After frying the chops, I keep them warm and use the same skillet to whip up milk gravy, using the rest of the seasoned flour, pepper a little chicken soup base, salt and milk. Serve with mashed potatoes, buttered corn and biscuits. YUMMY! I'm afraid my chops were tough and chewy.  Did I overcook them? An easy classic comfort food that I always enjoy! Thank you!! If the flour comes off the in hot pan, try letting the floured chops first sit for a few minutes to allow the flour to bind better to the meat.  It may help. Simple but delicious. The flour fell off as soon as it went in the pan and my pork chops were carmelized and had a sweet flavor Simple and good! I'm not much of a cook.  I usually use my pork chops to resole my shoes.  These were quite good -- the only chops I've ever made that weren't quite overdone.  They were quite tasty. A recipe is just a suggestion not written in stone . Adapt to your taste . People are just letting you know what they did . Try the recipe as is then next time try adding your twist . Don’t condemn because you didn’t put your twist on it
