A Simply Perfect Roast Turkey
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/56348/a-simply-perfect-roast-turkey/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Place a rack in the lowest position of the oven. LLRECIPES / ANA CADEN Remove turkey neck and giblets. Rinse turkey and pat dry with paper towels, and place breast-side up, on a rack in a roasting pan. LLRECIPES / ANA CADEN Loosely fill turkey cavity with stuffing. Rub skin with butter, then season with salt and pepper. LLRECIPES / ANA CADEN Pour 2 cups of turkey stock into the roasting pan. LLRECIPES / ANA CADEN Loosely tent turkey with aluminum foil, and roast turkey for 2 ½ hours, basting with pan juices every 30 minutes. When drippings evaporate, add remaining stock to the pan, 1 to 2 cups at a time. LLRECIPES / ANA CADEN Remove foil and continue roasting until a meat thermometer inserted in thickest part of thigh reads 165 degrees F (75 degrees C), about 1 ½ hours more. LLRECIPES / ANA CADEN Transfer turkey to a large serving platter. Let stand for 20 to 30 minutes before carving. LLRECIPES / ANA CADEN Serve and enjoy! LLRECIPES / ANA CADEN
This is the turkey recipe I used when I roasted my first-ever 19lb bird three years ago. It turned out perfectly then and has every year since.My version calls for placing the turkey on a v-shaped rack in the roasting pan. This allows air to circulate under the bird and should address any issues related to the bottom not cooking as thoroughly as the top or being soggy. I have never had to turn the bird over. Other hints: truss the wings under the bird with baking string or wrap in aluminum foil to keep from over-browning. For the rest of the turkey, I place the aluminum foil tightly over the breast-portion only. Then, I remove the foil on the breast 1 hour before the bird is done (my 19lb birds, stuffed, tend to roast in about 5 hours, so I remove at the 4 hour mark). The breast is always beautifully brown and not overdone; very juicy! Baste as directed (every 30 minutes) with turkey or chicken stock. When you check the temperature, be sure you're not hitting the bone; keep it in the fleshy part of the thigh meat. I also check the internal temperature of the stuffing to ensure it's at 160. Standing time is *important.* I rest mine at least 30 minutes, up to 45. It won't get cold--keeps it juicy!I use good quality boxed or homemade chicken stock instead of turkey stock.This is such an easy recipe. You don't need to over-think it or second-guess it. It's worked for me every single time. And...the drippings make delicious pan gravy! Enjoy! Fabulous! Best I’ve ever made! I roasted my unstuffed 16-pound bird at 350 degrees for 4 hours per the roasting time guide in this recipe. (Don’t know why recipe says 325). Good thing, too, or else would not have been ready in time. Perfectly golden, moist, delicious.  Didn’t have turkey stock or a baster so poured boxed chicken broth over turkey every 30 minutes. Did throw a celery stick and quartered onion in turkey cavity to flavor drippings. Simmered neck and giblets with water, onion and celery on stove to create delicious stock for gravy. Thickened gravy with cornstarch. Delish! Everyone loved it.  I did end up using a whole box of turkey stock (4 cups), pouring more in as it cooked and drippings evaporated.I also stuffed the bird.  Cooking time was spot on.Nice, easy recipe that was a hit. The flavor was good, although I added 1/2 lemon juice and would probably do 1.5 lemon’s juice next time.The 18lb turkey wasn’t fully cooked after 6.5 hours. We had people over so we served the cooked breast and had to finish cooking the thighs on the stove top. Reserve 7 hours of cooking time at least or up the temperature a tad. Indulging in the roast turkey was an absolute delight! The bird was flawlessly cooked, boasting a crispy, golden-brown skin that sealed in all the savory juices. Each succulent slice revealed tender, moist meat with a perfect blend of flavors, thanks to the expert seasoning and cooking techniques. I made a 16 pounder and at 325 F, it's taking more like 8 hours. To be fair, I did not add stuffing which could raise the inner temp. sufficiently to cook in the time specified. Using a meat thermometer in the thickest part of the bird, I'm at 148 F after 6 hours. Glad I didn't have people over at a predestined time or we'd be ordering a Sammys pizza!Edit: After about 9 hours, 2 1/2 of which was set around 275 F, the meat was falling off the bone and my digital thermometer was still reading just over 150F. Upon wiping turkey juice off the probe off, it came apart! The turkey is DEFINITELY done and I'm throwing the thermometer in the trash! “Probably the Best Turkey I’ve Ever Had” exclaims my husband.The recipe was truly simple!Watching the Allrecipes video on the recipe is highly recommended.  Especially the part about mixing the salt and pepper together in a bowl as your hands get so messy from rubbing the butter on the bird.It was so easy I even took a nap after the first 2 ½ hours of baking.  What could be better than that?I did make a few changes as follows:•	I brined the turkey for 18 hours in a salt, sugar, garlic, celery and herb brine, as it traditionally creates a very moist turkey.•	Chicken stock was added as I ran out of turkey broth. I followed the recipe exactly to the letter and it came out great. I’ve never left a rating for a recipe before, but I had to for this turkey because for the first time ever, with this recipe, I cooked a moist, flavorful - not dry, not shriveled, delicious turkey! I think the broth and tenting in the beginning, must steam the turkey a bit and keeps all the moisture in. It did take much longer than 4 hours with all of the basting, but it was well worth it. Taking the temperature is key. Delicious!
