Gingerbread Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/56673/gingerbread-cookies/
Beat margarine and sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer on low speed until mostly incorporated, 1 to 2 minutes. Increase speed to medium-high and beat until light and fluffy, another 2 to 3 minutes. Beat in egg yolk, then molasses. Whisk sifted flour, salt, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, cloves, ginger, and nutmeg in a separate bowl until well combined. Gradually add flour mixture to the molasses mixture, beating until well blended and smooth. Divide dough in half and form each into a 1-inch-thick disk. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 1 to 3 hours, or overnight. When ready to bake, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Working with one disk at a time, and leaving remaining disk in the refrigerator, unwrap chilled dough and place on a lightly floured surface. Working from the center to the edges, roll dough with a floured rolling pin to a thickness of 1/4 inch. Cut dough into desired shapes with cookie cutters, dipping the cutters into flour as needed so they don't stick to the dough. Fit the cookie cutters as closely together as possible to cut as many cookies as you can. This will minimize the number of times you have to re-roll the dough. Transfer gingerbread cookies to ungreased cookie sheets, spacing them 2 inches apart. Gather any dough scraps into a ball, flatten, re-wrap with plastic wrap, and refrigerate to use for later batches. Bake each sheet in the preheated oven until firm, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer cookies to wire racks to cool while you finish rolling, cutting, and baking the remaining cookies. Frost or decorate cooled gingerbread cookies as desired.
I have tweaked this recipe, after a few attempts, to perfection (for my tastes). First of all, I think the variances in dough texture people are having is in the way they measure their flour. I am one of those bakers that measures flour by spooning it into the measuring cup lightly and using a knife to level off. The first time I made these(exactly as the recipe states) the dough was like mush. I ended up working in an extra cup of flour with my hands. I rolled in between two pieces of parchment because of the toughness extra flour always adds to cut-outs. The cookies were tasty but to floury with a cardboard texture. I finally ended up using 1 and 1/2 cups flour. I substituted 3/4 c brown sugar for the white sugar, because I thought they needed to be sweeter as well, and I thought the brown sugar would help to keep them moist. I used a 3 inch gingerbread cutter and cooked for 7 minutes. Delicious, soft and chewy. The spices are perfect, it is a spicy cookie just as the recipe says. I used white chocolate to pipe on the features, buttons, bowties, and scarfs. Not only are they adorable, they are out-of-this-world tasting. I will try to upload a picture later today. Thanks Eileen, at last, a gingerbread man I can actually eat!!! I had my doubts when reading this recipe, because it calls for a lot of baking powder and soda.  But I made it exactly as written.   Pro, it's a simple recipe that results in a decent super sweet cookie, no frosting required.  Big con, and my reason for the low rating is that there is way too much spread if you plan to make cutout cookies.  The recipe is okay for round cookies, but due the high amount of baking powder and soda you get way too much spread and mostly shapeless blobs. We've made these every year for the last 6-7 years, and every single time they get compliments! This year my 8 and 4 year old got in on the fun and did everything except the hardest mixing.  I love them spicy, so I replace the ground ginger with a double amount (1tsp) of freshly grated and squeezed ginger juice. These were not great. 😊 I used butter instead of margarine for a softer cookieChilled overnight. When I went to roll out dough it would not roll at all and just crumbled in my handsSomething is not right about the recipe This was a good recipe but not one I’d make an again, just because it was too much molasses for my taste. Still a good recipe though with good ratios. The dough was super sticky but after being in the fridge overnight it was perfect. Don’t shy away from flouring the surface too much ~ the cookies will turn out fine and not taste like flour. Wonderful with all spices used! Mine look scared… because they knew what comes next! Delicious! Our family’s favorite! We make them every Christmas and always get compliments on them. Delicious cookie! I used butter instead of margarine, and they came out just fine. Thank you for the recipe! Loved the recipe! We have a traditional friends giving making gingerbread cookies & decorating! I added a “shake” more of each of the spices & it was perfect! The big kids loved the taste of the cookies! Not a single cookie left. Only gingerbread men recipe I’ve used for years. No others have been anywhere near as good so I stuck with this one when the kids were little I’m still using it. It never fails to leave me wishing I’d doubled the batch, even when I’d doubled the batch!If you just use ginger and cinnamon they taste just like the ones you get from Greggs in the UK.
