Fresh Bratwurst Wisconsin Style
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/57104/fresh-bratwurst-wisconsin-style/
Cut the pork butt, veal, and fat into 1 inch cubes. Spread on a plate, and place in the freezer for 10 minutes to make it easier to chop. Place food processor bowl and blade in the freezer as well for the same amount of time. Set up the food processor and add just enough meat to cover the blade. Pulse to form chunks about 3/8 inch in size. Repeat with remaining meat. Process the fat into smaller pieces, about 1/4 inch, and mix it with the meat. Put the chopped meat and fat into a large bowl. Season with salt and pepper, sugar, mustard and mustard seed, nutmeg, and sage. Pour in cold milk, and add grated potatoes if desired. Mix together with your hands. Make a small patty of the sausage mixture, and fry it in a small pan over medium heat. Taste, and adjust seasonings of the sausage mix if necessary. Cover bowl, and refrigerate for 8 hours to improve flavor before cooking as desired.
I made this recipe both with and without the potatoes. Using potatoes stretches the meat a substantial amount without affecting taste - as I don't really care about fat content. Mostly I use the sausage as a breakfast sausage in place of traditional "Jimmy Dean" style sage-dominated sausage. Also with a slice of cheese - like a hamburger. I find the inclusion of veal makes the product authentic. Potatoes have been used in locally produced brats for years, in and around Sheboygan. We spent some time throwing this together it was pretty good we made it our own from the get go everyone’s tastes are different delicious This is a great basis for creating your own brats/patties seeing as though no one seems to want to give up their seasoning however sell it. I added fresh green onion and minced garlic after the dry seasoning had set with the meat (deviding the pepper between black and white pepper is also a nice kick). I like the veal idea however ask your butcher for the ribeye end of a porkloin which will give you more tender meat plus the fat content that you are looking for. I rolled the meat out on wax paper and use a cup to press out even patties...yet to have a complaint! great spring/summer recipe!! thanks I made this recipe both with and without the potatoes. Using potatoes stretches the meat a substantial amount without affecting taste - as I don't really care about fat content. Mostly I use the sausage as a breakfast sausage in place of traditional "Jimmy Dean" style sage-dominated sausage. Also with a slice of cheese - like a hamburger. I find the inclusion of veal makes the product authentic. Potatoes have been used in locally produced brats for years, in and around Sheboygan.
