Grain and Nut Whole Wheat Pancakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/57606/grain-and-nut-whole-wheat-pancakes/
Grind the oats in a blender or food processor until fine. In a large bowl, combine ground oats, whole wheat flour, baking soda, baking powder, and salt. In another bowl, combine buttermilk, milk, oil, egg, and sugar with an electric mixer until smooth. Mix milk mixture into oat mixture with a few swift strokes. Stir in nuts. Lightly oil a large skillet or griddle and preheat it over medium heat. Ladle 1/3 cup batter onto the hot skillet; cook pancakes until brown, 2 to 4 minutes per side.
I made these exactly according to the recipe, and while I enjoyed the taste, I found them to be so dry! We had to use so much syrup to enjoy them that I'm pretty sure it cancelled out the healthy benefits of the pancakes! Since we enjoyed the taste, I think I'll try making them again (with a couple of changes to attempt getting a more moist result.) If that doesn't work out, I'll probably try another recipe the next time. **Update: I tried these again replacing the 1/4 c. oil with 1/2 c. applesauce, used 2 eggs and added 1 tsp. cinnamon and 1 tsp. vanilla, and liked them MUCH better - moist and yummy! Didn't have buttermilk which might add more flavor and depth. Did add 1tsp vanilla and used 1/2 vanilla soy milk and regular milk. They weren't dry for us but did have a bit of a baking soda taste so will probably decrease to 1tsp next time. I like the hardiness that the oats provide. Easy and delicious.   Everyone loves when I bring this pancakes to brunch These were lovely! Definitely making again. Thanks so much for the recipe. I used maple syrup and maple sugar on these but they came out exactly like the pancakes we got at IHOP. Hubby loved them! Besides being the prettiest pancakes I have ever made, these are also the most delicious and healthiest. Thank you for this recipe! These are good! I'll probably cut down on the baking soda a little next time - I prefer not to taste it. The pancakes are soft and fall apart easily, so I recommend making small ones, as they are easier to keep in one piece as you flip them. I made this with some vegan alterations and it was amazing! I skipped the egg all together, added water instead of milk, used grape seed oil, and used whole old fashioned oats instead of grinding it. Definitely make your pancakes small so that it’s easy to flip since there is no real “binder” to hold it together. It was really perfect ?? thank you for the recipe! I made a few changes. Instead of buttermilk I made banana milk (1 frozen & 1 fresh banana & 1 cup water blended in blender) and added 1/2 cup greek yogurt. Substituted real maple syrup instead of sugar. Delicious!
