Shrimp with Lobster Sauce
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/57716/shrimp-with-lobster-sauce/
Dissolve 1 1/2 teaspoons cornstarch in sherry in a medium bowl. Add shrimp and toss to coat. Heat oil in a wok over medium-high heat. Add shrimp and stir-fry until pink, 3 to 5 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to transfer shrimp to a plate; leave as much oil in the wok as possible. Add garlic to the wok and stir-fry for a few seconds, then add ground pork. Stir-fry until pork is no longer pink, 3 to 5 minutes. Mix 1 cup water, soy sauce, sugar, and salt together in a small bowl; pour into the wok and stir to combine. Bring to a boil, then cover, reduce the heat to medium, and simmer for about 2 minutes. Whisk 1/4 cup cold water and 1 1/2 tablespoons cornstarch together in a small bowl; pour into the wok. Add shrimp and bring to a simmer. Drizzle beaten egg into the wok, stirring quickly as it cooks. Serve immediately.
My family is chinese and owned a chinese restaurant and this is a certifiable great recipe! I make this all the time. I especially like the shrimp marinated in sherry and corn starch. Gives it a great flavor. Just as good as something my dad would make. Thanks for the recipe! Followed exactly turned out very nice.  Not too salty, nice flavors.  Will definitely make again. I think this recipe needs fermented black bean & garlic sauce, but I couldn't find that ingredient locally. Tasted terrible, yuck Husband thought it was better than takeout.  I enjoyed it as well but will use low sodium soy sauce next time. Love this dish shrimps in lobster sauce all time favourite awesome recipe not hard to make and is just as good if not better than you get in a take away The instructions were easy to follow.  End result is as good as, if not better than at the restaurant.   I used large shrimp so they didnt shrink down.  Cooked rice to go with it.  Will definitely cook this again. The balance of sweet and salty was not there.  Need to work on the recipe. Easy to make and  turned out great.  I have been searching for a recipe like this for a while. I hope I can find a Cantonese recipe for an authentic  sweet and sour recipe for sweet and sour duck. The breading on the one I grew up on was crispy and very dark in color on a chunk of pulled duck. Never been a le to find anything like it. Sadly the restaurant I grew up with has long since closed. If anyone knows of  a recipe similar please let me know.   TS
