Homemade Crispy Hash Browns
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/57783/emilys-famous-hash-browns/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Rinse shredded potatoes until water is clear, then drain and squeeze dry. Place shreds in a bowl and mix in the onion, flour, and egg until evenly distributed. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat about 1/4 inch of oil in a large heavy skillet over medium-high heat. When oil is sizzling hot, place potatoes into the pan in a 1/2 inch thick layer. Cover the whole bottom of the pan, or make separate piles like pancakes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook until nicely browned on the bottom, then flip over and brown on the other side. It should take at least 5 minutes per side. If you are cooking them in one big piece, it can be cut into quarters for easier flipping. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove from pan, and drain on paper towels. Season with salt and pepper and serve immediately. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO
These turned out great! I've never had much success with homemade hashbrowns, always because I have just tried frying up plain grated potatoes, and I thought I would look for an actual recipe that might yield something a bit more restaurant-quality. This recipe is definetly it! They weren't greasy at all, they held together perfectly, and they looked quite pretty when they were done cooking, too. Next time, I think I will add my salt & pepper, plus some extra spices, to the shredded potato and egg/flour mixture, just to give it a more intense flavor. This recipe is so easy that I will have no problems just making these hashbrowns from memory, eyeballing the flour and spices, etc. Highly recommended!!! My husband and I tried this for the first time last night and it was AWESOME! We accidentally left out the egg, but turns out you don't really need it :-) We will be making these from now on instead of buying the frozen ones from the store. Also, for those complaining about the lack of seasonings, you can season it up however you like; you don't have to only use salt and pepper. We added a custom blend from Homeskillet Provisions to ours that has salt, black and white pepper, dried fresh peppers, garlic, etc. The recipe looked really good! But it was more like a latka than a hash brown.. needs 1/8 cup of flour rather than 1/4.. and instead next time I’ll try potato starch or rice flour rather than APF .. one star for the recommendation, one for the easiness and one for the effort.. flavor, texture and turn out.. minus 2 After shredding the potatoes put them in a ricerand squeeze the excess water out. Never fails to brown up wonderfully. I doubled the recipe to use up some potatoes, but I didn't quite double the flour, and I added a tbsp of cornstarch, just to try it.  Turned out great! All I added was salt and pepper! Perfect with leftover ham and then some eggs! Thank you! Perfect OK
