Grilled Artichokes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/57899/grilled-garlic-artichokes/
Gather the ingredients. Fill a large bowl with cold water. Squeeze juice from one lemon wedge into water. Trim tops and stems from artichokes, cut in half from top to bottom and scoop out the choke; place halves into the bowl of lemon water to prevent them from turning brown. Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add artichokes to boiling water, and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Drain. Meanwhile, preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat. To make the basting and dipping sauce: Squeeze remaining lemon wedges into a medium bowl; stir in olive oil and garlic, and season with salt and pepper. Brush artichokes with a coating of lemon-garlic dipping sauce; place on the preheated grill and cook, basting with sauce and turning frequently, until the tips are a little charred, 5 to 10 minutes. Serve immediately with remaining lemon-garlic sauce.
Really good, and very simple! I boiled the artichoke halves the day before, drained them thoroughly on paper towels, and refrigerated them before scooping out the chokes with a spoon (don't forget this important step) and grilling them the next day. Get them good and charred for the best flavor! The marinade/dipping sauce is great! I also made a garlic aioli for dipping that complemented the artichokes nicely. Cook the 'chokes til tender. Delicious fast and easy! this is a really delicious recipe!!  We did think the artichokes could have boiled for a few minutes less, and we added more garlic. The result was fantastic! Simple ingredients always fresh and best! I really enjoyed this recipe! It was very simple to make and turned out fantastic. I grated the garlic when I added it to the lemon juice and oil and the kind of chunkyness made it better to me, but I love garlic. I may try boiling the artichoke whole next time instead of cutting them first, then halving them before grilling. Note that I basted twice on each side (flipping twice) and I used all of the baste. Next time I may make some additional for dipping, but honestly I'm not sure it was really necessary. We enjoyed it so much we forgot to get pictures. :( I don't understand why the recipe calls for 3/4 cup of olive oil. There was too much oil in the dip for the lemon or garlic flavors to come through at all and you could probably get away with 1/4 cup and still have extra.I gave three stars because this is a nice way to prepare the artichokes and the texture was good. OMG this was so good I have never had grilled artichokes before.  A couple thoughts:  when you make your basting sauce divide  it immediately  that way you have some for dipping and basting.  If you run out of basting   ( you can always add more oil since you have all that chopped garlic in it ) I did add some balsamic but only to the basting sauce and I added some avocado Mayo(1/2 tsp  to  each the dipping sauce  bowls).   lastly if you don’t know you have to take out the choke then you shouldn’t be cooking artichokes! They came out great! No changes to the recipe, but you must clean out the choke before serving. Easiest to do after you cook them. Only 3 stars due to the lack of explaining of how to clean/prep the artichokes (never made them before, so I had to look up a video after reading comments here about removal of the "fluff") and also for the amount of oil.  I had 4 artichokes so I doubled the recipe and found that there was so much oil - way too much for me.  Also, my garlic ended up burned since the recipe said to use chopped.  I used another reviewer's suggestion of baking them in the oven since my grill was not available.  The flavor was very good, but way too greasy due to the amount of oil.  Luckily they were gobbled up so there was no waste, but I doubt I will use this recipe again and instead opt for steaming or baking/grilling with much less oil.
