Crispy Orange Beef
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/57966/crispy-orange-beef/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Lay beef in a single layer on a baking sheet lined with paper towels. Allow to dry in the refrigerator for 30 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Meanwhile, bring water and rice to a boil in a medium saucepan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until rice is tender, about 20 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix together sugar, rice vinegar, orange juice concentrate, soy sauce, and salt in a small bowl. Set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat oil in a wok over medium-high heat. Toss dried beef in cornstarch to coat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Fry coated beef in hot oil in small batches until crispy and golden brown; set aside. Drain oil from the wok, leaving about 1 tablespoon. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add ginger, garlic, and orange zest to remaining oil in wok. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook and stir briefly until fragrant. Pour in soy sauce mixture; bring to a boil and cook until thick and syrupy, about 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in fried beef and cook until heated through. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot over steamed rice and garnish with broccoli. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I thought this was very good. but to the others out there criticizing recipes on this site, cant criticize accurately if you change the original recipe. makes no sense to say its bad or wasnt very good, if you dont first try it the way its supposed to be, because it might have been your changes that made it worse. I followed the recipe exactly, but doubling the amounts.  Good tip on drying the beef on paper towels in the fridge. However, WAY TOO MUCH rice wine vinegar and ginger.  My husband said it was okay, and my reluctant teenager said it tasted better than it smelled.  I found it inedible. First time making orange beef and it was really good. Next time I will double the sauce part. Wow! I was excited about making this recipe and it did not disappoint!! Years ago, I moved 1800 miles away from my very favorite Asian restaurant...and my favorite dish...Crispy Beef.  I wasn't sure I'd ever get to taste anything like it again.  When I saw this recipe, I had to try it.  The Crispy Beef I ordered in that restaurant did not have orange in it, but I still wanted to try this version.I'm one of those who doesn't care for reviews posted by those who made half a dozen changes to the original recipe.  That said, I did make two adjustments based on the comments in some reviews and my own personal taste.   I made it exactly as the original recipe except I did cut the amount of grated ginger to 2 Tbls. and added just a splash of sesame oil to soy/orange juice mixture.  We all loved the results!  A few tips...make sure your wok and oil is HOT.  I believe that may be why some reviewers stated theirs wasn't crispy...mine sure was. It had lots of orange flavor and the vinegar was not overpowering.  We will be making this again and again in this kitchen! My beef was tough, probably because it was really too thick.  I used thin sliced top round and if I make it again I'll use VERY thin beef.  I used a fresh blood orange which really didn't add any flavor even by adding the orange skins to summer in the sauce.  Lots of work, I'll not be making it again.
