Easy Slow Cooker Meatballs
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/57981/easy-slow-cooker-meatballs/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place ground beef, bread crumbs, onion, garlic, parsley, and egg in a large bowl. Mix well until evenly combined; shape into 16 meatballs. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour spaghetti sauce and crushed tomatoes into the slow cooker; stir in tomato puree. Place the meatballs into the sauce mixture. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cover and cook on Low for 6 to 8 hours. Enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
Incredible recipe! I will never make meatballs any other way! I actually made the meat balls (added parmesan, basil and garlic powder, less breadcrumb) a couple of days ago and froze them. This morning I just mixed the spagetti sauce and a 28 oz can of crushed tomatoes with juice (skipped the puree and added basil, oregano, and a couple of tablespoons of sugar to cut the acidity) and added the frozen meatballs. Cooked for about 10 hours on low. Tender, flavorful, and delicious. Plenty of delicious sauce. Thanks previous reviewers, and thanks for this great recipe submission! Are you sure that amount of calories is for one server? It is 200% impossible It is a great recipe. The only thing I changed was I ground up enough whole wheat bread to make the right amount and added Italian seasoning about  1/2 teaspoons. As for the parsley I use freeze-dried instead of fresh. I used the same amount. Came out delicioso! Very good! This is a good meatball starter recipe.  I baked mine first before adding to the tomato sauce. I did add more seasoning to the meatballs to my liking.  I used canned tomato sauce only with seasoning to my taste.  If you do use the sauce ingredients in this recipe, I would advise using a GOOD marinara sauce. It's money well spent.  For those who deviate from the recipe then give it a 3 or 4 star rating remember you are rating yourself not the owner of the recipe.  Thank you for this recipe! It was good your website sucks not all people printers but we can send and get email It tasted fine. The meatballs were very moist from slow cooking all day, which I liked, but the downside is all the fat from the meat stays in the sauce, where when I bake them some of that drains away….so not very heart healthy. The recipe is definitely missing salt, in the sauce and the meatballs. The sauce was not to my taste, but my husband loved it. It was very runny which is not surprising since all the steam runs right back in while it cooks in a slow cooker so it does not thicken like on the stove. I added cornstarch in the end to thicken it up. I used elk that I harvested, doubled the recipe and used bbq sauce instead of spaghetti sauce. It tasted great, elk was big gamey at all.
