Quick-and-Easy Fish Tacos
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/58559/quick-and-easy-fish-tacos/
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Arrange fish sticks in a single layer on a baking sheet, and bake 20 minutes in the preheated oven, or until crisp and golden brown. Remove from heat and cut into thirds. Heat vegetable oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Fry tortillas until soft. Drain on paper towels. Fill heated tortillas with fish stick portions, cabbage, tartar sauce, and salsa to serve.
Easy to make, I used flour tortillas because I hate frying anything in oil. Bake the fish sticks, spread some sour cream on the tortillas and microwave for 20 seconds, add 3 fish sticks, lettuce, salsa, lime juice (cilantro if you have it), and shredded cheese. Quick and fast cure for your fish taco craving. This may become a staple in my regular menu. EASY! i always have trouble with the fish drying out or being mushy-but this easy recipe i don’t have to worry about that. Delish and quick! Super quick and easy to make. The absolute easiest way to make these tacos.  Love them with coleslaw & fresh avocado.  May squeeze a little lime on them too. I liked this recipe.  I made my own tartar and used fresh whiting fish that I prepared. This is the second time i"ve made these tacos. First time, followed exactly as written. Tonight I made an extra special sauce instead of using just plain tarter sauce, much better. I  came upon the recipe for Southwest Dipping sauce, By Usmcwife03,  and the tacos were perfect with this sauce. NIce easy recipe. Also, I had frozen the left over shredded cabbage from my last batch, used it tonight and it came out fine. Was great Quick & very easy recipe! I couldn't find fish sticks (go figure!) so I used crispy battered fillets. Probably made for a bigger taco but I didn't hear any complaints. I also added a couple of my favorite condiments, green chili's & jalapeno peppers, because I like my fish tacos with just little kick. But my wife, & a friend of ours, had them  just as the recipe was written and enjoyed them very much. I only wish I would've thought of this "short-cut"! easy for college students during lent I really wasn't expecting much, but I ended up loving these! What a great idea! Now I can have awesome, easy fish tacos when I make fish sticks for the kids! I really wish I had tried this sooner, because do you know how many fish sticks I've choked down?! I wasn't too sure about the salsa and tartar sauce--some reviewers didn't do it. However, I wanted to stick to the recipe this time. I liked it! It sounds weird, but the flavors really went together. I had a bag of coleslaw mix that I used instead of just red cabbage. Thank you for this recipe!
