Cornish Game Hens with Rice Stuffing
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/58831/cornish-game-hens-with-rice-stuffing/
Melt 3 tablespoons butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Stir in the almonds, onion, and uncooked wild rice. Saute 5 to 10 minutes. Mix in the water, chicken bouillon cube, and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat, cover, and cook 45 minutes until rice is tender and easily fluffed with a fork. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Season the Cornish game hens inside and out with salt, and stuff with the rice mixture. Place the hens breast side up on a rack in a baking pan. Brush with 1/4 cup melted butter. Cover the baking pan, and cook the hens 30 minutes in the preheated oven. Uncover, and continue cooking 1 hour, or until the hens are no longer pink and the juices run clear.
Hello! We have updated the cook time for the rice in this recipe. We hope this helps with some of the problems that have been noted in the reviews. - The Staff Quick, easy, and much more flavorful  then I expected. The only reason I goggled this recipe is because I received at my doorstep some unfortunate families entire food order from WalMart.  But I digress.  When this happens, they won't come back out to pick it up and they say to throw it away.  UM I'm sorry, but food waste is not on my bucket list.  Therefore, I looked up Cornish game hens ideas and landed on this one.  I did indeed add my own spin on all of it.  I added sauteed mushrooms and Unami seasoning to my brown rice mixture.  I also through in a little parmesan cheese for the salt flavor factor.  I made a reduced fig marmalade "sauce to baste these chicks in the last half hour.  I love experimenting with cooking and trying new ideas. I just apprediate having the option to choose. Very easy to understand. I added garlic and butter inside the hen with the rice. Toward the end, I glazed mine with apricot jelly, placed it back in the oven for 20 minutes and that sweet chicken was on another level. I added butter throughout the process and organic chicken broth... Make u wanna slap ya momma Added a little more seasoning. It was tasty and juicey. I'll make it again! So good, so easy; we loved it.  I didn't have wild rice (thought I did) so substituted long-grain brown rice and it worked perfectly.  Enjoy! Thanks for ruining my Easter dinner for my husband.   This recipe sucked It came out great, the family enjoyed it.  This will be something we do again. Was amazing and my family loved it!
