Absolute Best Liver and Onions
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/58942/absolute-best-liver-and-onions/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Gently rinse liver slices under cold water and pat dry with paper towels. Place in a shallow dish; pour in enough milk to cover. Let stand while preparing onions, or set aside for longer if you have time. Soaking will remove any bitterness. otdash Meredith Food Studio Melt 2 tablespoons of butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onion rings; cook and stir in butter until tender and soft, about 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer onions into a bowl and set the skillet aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place flour on a plate; season with salt and pepper. Drain milk from liver and coat liver slices in flour mixture. otdash Meredith Food Studio Melt remaining 2 tablespoons of butter in the same skillet; increase heat to medium-high and fry coated liver slices until lightly browned, about 3 to 4 minutes on each side. otdash Meredith Food Studio Return onions to the skillet and reduce heat to medium; continue to cook until onions are heated through and liver is slightly pink inside, or longer to suit your taste. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
My dad is a huge fan of liver and onions and when mom is out of the house this is the time I can make it for him. The smell of buttery onions makes your mouth water and appretite build up! It comes out delish! Just make sure not to over cook, I take it out a few minutes before its done to his likeing because it does cook while off the heat for a few moments anyhow! Calves live is the most tender, but if you marinate in milk most of the day (which I do) and not flip it more than needed you will have a nice tender liver that will melt in your mouth, well atleast cut with a butter knife *smile* Best meal I made in years. I did soak the liver overnight in 1/2 and 1/2 instead of the milk (it's all I had in the house) and I used blended (vitamix) Three Bakers Herb Seasoned Gluten free stuffing chunks. To die for. Delicious! Just made this- it definitely requires more butter than stated does depending on the setup of your frying pan (nonstick vs cast iron etc, altitude, gas vs electric heating etc).Caveat: I soaked my liver in organic milk for over 24 hours, which the recipe implies can be done. It was absolutely delectable and taste like the delicacy it is! Guess my hubby and I are just not beef liver people.  Followed the recipe exactly and had a good fresh beef liver expertly cleaned.  Onions were fantastic and  the beef liver was cooked to perfection.  But neither my husband nor I could stomach it (and I have seen him eat bad fish just to be polite to the cook).  Kudos to those of you who can eat this.  We will have to get our liver from chicken, ducks and pork. Good receipe. But grocery store bought in package to thin. Hard to work with. Great flavor and adding bacon enhances it further 😋 I soaked in milk overnight.   Exact steps helps, it came out right, not tough at all.  I may have used a generous amount of butter. I took the cooked liver out the pot, added the flour, browned it. Added a little water and made gravy. Returned the liver to the pot. We are the liver onions and gravy over brown rice. Yummy!!
