Jägerschnitzel
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/60708/jagerschnitzel/
Place beaten egg in a shallow dish. Mix together bread crumbs and flour in a second shallow dish; season with salt and pepper. Dip pork steaks in beaten egg, then press into bread crumb mixture to coat. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Fry coated steaks in hot oil until browned and cooked through, about 5 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of steaks should read at least 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). Remove steaks to a platter and keep warm. Add onion and mushrooms to drippings in the skillet; cook and stir until lightly browned. Pour in water and stir in bouillon cube until dissolved. Simmer for about 20 minutes. Combine sour cream and cornstarch in a small bowl; stir into the skillet. Cook over low heat until sauce is thickened, but do not boil. Spoon sauce over steaks to serve.
We thought this was very good and would not change a thing. I was born in Germany and this is very close to authentic. I would not recommend using any type of seasoned bread crumbs because it will really change the way it should taste with the sauce. Thanks I just got done making it and it smells delicious!  I haven't eaten it yet, but the gravy tasted good, so I'm sure it will be scrumptious!! My parents are German and I've been many times. This is a fantastic recipe! No changes needed. Good Loved the recipe; added a touch of canned milk to stretch the egg, dipped pork in seasoned flour, then in the egg, and double coat with flour mix, grill in butter till done and well browned. Then with the gravy; I don't like cubes - used a teaspoon of dry soup and gravy base - then added a TBSP of Cooking Sherry just before taking off the stove. Love this recipe as is . Made it many  times  and everyone loves  it. Thanks! Amazing stuff. Makes me click my heels. I followed this recipe to the letter and it was delicious! I will definitely keep this recipe for Oktoberfest. When I told my friend about it she wanted the recipe, which I gave her. Her husband really enjoyed it, too. It's very easy to make. I made it with veal vs pork cutlets and Spatzel as a side dish, very good with the sauce. Yummy!
