Orange Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/61024/asian-orange-chicken/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine water, rice vinegar, lemon juice, soy sauce, and orange juice for sauce into a saucepan over medium-high heat. Stir in brown sugar, green onion, orange zest, ginger, garlic, and pepper flakes; bring to a boil. Remove from heat, and cool for 10 to 15 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place chicken in a resealable plastic bag. Pour in 1 cup cooled sauce. Seal the bag, and refrigerate for at least 2 hours. Reserve the remaining sauce. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix flour, salt, and pepper in another resealable plastic bag. Remove chicken from the marinade and place into the bag of seasoned flour. Seal the bag and shake to coat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook chicken in the hot skillet until browned on both sides. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove to a paper towel-lined plate and cover with aluminum foil. Wipe out the skillet. Pour reserved sauce into the skillet and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Mix together cornstarch and water until completely smooth. Stir into the boiling sauce. Reduce heat to medium-low, add the chicken, and simmer, stirring occasionally, until cooked through, about 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve over rice and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
Great orange flavor - tastes similar to restaurant Crispy Orange Chicken. The following changes should improve texture...After frying chicken keep warm on baking sheet in oven. Reduce cornstarch to 2 tsp. and dissolve in 1 Tbsp. water before wisking into boiling sauce. Transfer chicken to serving platter and pour sauce over all. Don't heat chicken in sauce or crispy coating will flake off into sauce. Broccoli, sweet peppers, carrots, snow peas, and/or scallions would be nice - may need extra sauce if adding veggies. I made exactly as written and wouldn't change anything. This did take time, but it was so good. I made two versions - tofu and chicken. I fried both in my deep fryer, didn’t marinate it, and also reduced the cornstarch to 2 tablespoons. I pan fried a chopped bell pepper, half of a white onion and one carrot for a minute or two to add crunch and more veggies. Followed recipe as it is written. It was really good.  Make it first as written BEFORE trying any one else's recommendations. THEN you can make a decision on it.  Someone ALWAYS thinks their way is better! I made the sauce and used the gardine (vegan) chick'n' for this recipe. I double fried the gardine(vegan) chick'n'. Before I place the chick'n' in the bag I poked holes in the chick'n' on either side of each    piece.   I placed the  chick'n' and the sauce in the zip lock bag (just enough to cover the top of chick'n'). I followed the directions until it was time to fry the chick'n'.  I fried the first batch for 90seconds. (I used 2 separate plates lined with a paper towels one for each batch). Then I fried the secon batch for 90seconds. I then put the first batch back in and continue to fry them. I then put the second batch back in and continue to fry them.  They came out very crispy. I then (used a cooker's brush) brushed them with my own homemade vegan orange sauce.  I kept the chick'n' whole. I did not cut them into pieces.
