Authentic Chinese Egg Rolls (from a Chinese person)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/61913/authentic-chinese-egg-rolls-from-a-chinese-person/
Heat 1 teaspoon vegetable oil in a wok or large skillet over medium heat. Pour in beaten eggs and cook, without stirring, until firmed up. Flip eggs over and cook for an additional 20 seconds to firm the other side. Set egg pancake aside to cool, then slice into thin strips. Heat remaining vegetable oil in a wok or large skillet over high heat. Stir in cabbage and carrot; cook for 2 minutes to wilt. Add pork, bamboo shoots, mushroom, green onions, soy sauce, salt, sugar, and MSG; continue cooking until vegetables soften, about 6 minutes. Stir in sliced egg, then spread the mixture out onto a pan, and refrigerate until cold, about 1 hour. To assemble the egg rolls: Place a wrapper onto your work surface with one corner pointing towards you. Place about 3 tablespoons of cooled filling in a heap onto the bottom third of the wrapper. Brush a little beaten egg white onto the top two edges of the wrapper, then fold the bottom corner over the filling and roll firmly to the halfway point. Fold the left and right sides snugly over the egg roll, then continue rolling until the top corners seal the egg roll with the egg white. Repeat with remaining egg roll wrappers, covering finished egg rolls with plastic wrap to keep from drying out. Heat about 6 inches of oil in a wok or deep-fryer to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Fry egg rolls 3 or 4 at a time until golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain on paper towels.
I used this recipe as a base for creating a great tasting egg roll. I omitted the following: bamboo shoots, pork, MSG. I used 8oz. fresh white button mushrooms, chopped, in place of the wood ear mushrooms. I threw some shredded, cooked chicken in half the egg rolls. I didn't refrigerate the cabbage mixture until cold (didn't leave myself enough time for this step.) I used an ice cream scoop to put a small pile on each egg roll wrapper and then wrapped and fried as directed. These had a great flavor - my husband said they were better than he's had in a Chinese restaurant and our 2 1/2 year old son loved them too. We could have eaten the whole batch (it made about 18 egg rolls,) but we showed some restraint and I froze the rest. They re-heat great in the oven (still crisp!) OMG! Don’t look any further for an amazing spring roll recipe. This one ticks all the boxes. And I don’t do reviews! F…inv amazing. Why would anyone buy these from a takeaway when you can make them 100% better at home.  Thank you sooooo much for sharing this recipe. I made mine vegetarian with bamboo shoot instead of cabbage and omitted the egg, but seriously f..ing fantatastic. And I don’t swear !,,,,, followed recipe instructions exactly. my wife's coworkers ask to make them all the time. great recipe!!! Didn’t have bamboo shoots or mushrooms but delicious anyway!! Interesting. Our Chinese neighbors say egg roll wrappers are an American invention. They make scrambled egg crepes, roll up the filling, (thus the name egg roll), dip them in tempura batter and fry. Very Good and easy to make. My husband says they are the best egg rolls he has had in the area. Makes a great dinner. So good! I did change a little bit but kept the directions the same. Used fresh bean sprouts for the shoots and chopped shrimp for the meat. Couldn't find the mushrooms called for so used a rehydrated shiitake. I added a bit of hoisin and oyster sauce with the low sodium tamari (vs soy).  And threw in some chopped cilantro because I had it. Will make these again. I like the way you make everything ahead of time, so it makes dinner appear simple. Thank you for a fantastic recipe! Had no idea packaged egg roll wrappers and MSG existed 300 years ago.. great recipe, solid egg rolls and some Chinese history. Win, win, win! Omitted bamboo shoots and MSG. Used ground pork instead of roasted and subbed chopped shiitake mushrooms instead of dried woodear mushrooms. Really good!! Deep fried the first 6 but changed gears halfway through and pan fried the rest instead. Doing so absorbed less grease and we liked the texture better. It also cooked quicker! Would absolutely make again! Personal preference; next time would add onions, garlic and ginger. Still delicious and husband and I enjoyed very much! Thank you! Most suspicious recipe ever.
