Terrific Turkey Chili
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/62763/terrific-turkey-chili/
Heat 1 tablespoon of oil in a large stock pot over medium-high heat. Crumble turkey into the pot, stirring with a wooden spoon to break apart as much as possible. Season with taco seasoning mix, coriander, oregano, chili flakes, and tomato paste, and mix until meat is evenly coated with seasonings. Continue cooking, reducing heat if necessary, until turkey is well browned. Pour in beef broth, and simmer to reduce liquid slightly, about 5 minutes. Add salsa, tomatoes, and green chilies, and continue cooking at a moderate simmer for ten minutes. Adjust the thickness at any time you feel necessary by adding water. While chili is still cooking, heat one tablespoon of oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook onion and green bell pepper, stirring occasionally for 5 minutes, or until onion is translucent and bell pepper is lightly browned. Add onion and bell pepper to the chili, and continue cooking at a very low simmer. In the same skillet, heat the remaining tablespoon of oil over medium-high heat. Add the zucchini, and cook stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes, or until lightly browned. Add the zucchini to the chili, reduce heat, and continue cooking 15 minutes more. Again, adjust the consistency with water as needed. Ladle chili into serving bowls. Top with sour cream, green onion, and cheddar cheese, and serve.
Excellent recipe--but I don't know that I would've given it 5 stars without the addition of 1 can each of black and garbanzo beans. It needed a little more "body" and the beans were just the thing. Probably a can of corn in place of one of the beans would've worked well also. The spices were perfect--however, I always like a touch of sweetness to tomato based recipes, so I added 1/4 cup of brown sugar....YUM! I would highly recommend this chili recipe---and for anyone that never usually tries ground turkey in place of ground beef, believe me, you'll never miss it. Added a can of black beans and kidney beans, rinsed. I added white beans to this and my 2 year old grandson loved it. I’m not a zucchini fan, so I substituted a cup of thawed corn and a can of black beans. I also added another tablespoon tomato paste and 4 chopped cloves of garlic.  This is excellent and we keep it in our freezer and remake it frequently. This was very good and it was easy to make. I wasn’t going to add beans but agree with others who felt it needed more body. I used a can if black and a ca of great northern white as that is what I had. I cut the chunks of zucchini large so my husband could fish them out. I cut them smaller the next day when feeding itvto my 3 and 5 year old grandchildren for lunch. They didn’t mind the zucchini at all! I did add a bit of brown sugar! This is my go-to chili recipe. Everyone likes it which is rare in my family ;) I cook the onion, zucchini, and peppers first in the pot then remove and add them back later to make it a one-pot recipe. I've made it exactly as written and I've also added beans - both ways are delicious! I own the original book this recipe came from and I've been making this for many years now. My family absolutely loves it! Only thing I do different is add a can of kidney beans.
