Browned Butter Vegetables with Almonds
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/63336/browned-butter-vegetables-with-almonds/
Melt butter in a skillet over medium-low heat. Season with garlic salt and garlic pepper. Mix in almonds and cook until golden brown. Stir in wine, onion, red bell pepper, broccoli and cauliflower. Cook 5 minutes, or until vegetables are tender.
If you perfer your vegetables mostly tender, cook them briefly first in about an inch of water,(about 1/2 way cooked) then drain and add to browned butter mixture, once the wine is added the butter will slow greatly with browning, watch closely for first signs of browning, wait for nutty aroma, then add wine, then vegetables and allow to simmer. Loved these veggies.... definitely a keeper. Great recipe.  Looking forward to making it again and with other vegetables. Made as stated. Delicious and easy to prepare ahead of time. Really good!  I had a total of about four pounds of broccoli and cauliflower.  I doubled the butter and seasonings rather than tripling them (like the vegetables), since some felt that it was too much butter.  But  next time I will  use as much as it calls for, because I don't  think it will be overdoing it.  Great for HFLC diet! Very flavorful. Would definitely do again. Excellent recipe.  I halved the butter and replaced it with olive oil.  Even good re-heated. Added Parmesan cheese This was great! I didn't need much, so I scaled this way down and just eyeballed the ingredients. For both the frozen cauliflower and fresh broccoli, I microwaved them beforehand for about 2 min. I didn't want to cut a pepper for a small amount, so I used a handful of frozen multi-colored peppers. I loved the nutty flavor of the browned butter, along with the almonds. This would work great as a one-dish meal, adding chicken, beef or shrimp. I really enjoyed this, and thanks for the recipe, Wilemon! Thie recipe is awesome. Had a neighbor over for dinner and made this to go along with the chicken parmasean. She couldn't stop complimenting me on it. I am a person who has to use a recipe to cook and it was easy to make. Will make it again.
