Apple Cider Beef Stew
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/64014/apple-cider-beef-stew/
Combine flour, salt, pepper, and thyme in a bowl. Toss beef cubes in the flour mixture. Heat olive oil in a Dutch oven or large pot over medium-high heat. Working in batches, brown beef cubes on all sides. Combine browned meat, apple cider, water, and cider vinegar in the pot and bring it to a boil. Add bay leaf; reduce heat to low. Simmer, partially covered, for 1 hour. Stir in carrots, potatoes, onions, celery, and apple and simmer until the vegetables are tender, about 1 hour more.
Yum! I'm making it for the second time in two weeks due to popular demand. The entire family loved it and it is good enough to make for company too (even your in-laws!)I followed the recipe exactly the first time and there wasn't much to change. I did need to double the flour mixture (I ran out the first time) and to save time, I put the flour mixture into a sealed container, added a few pieces of beef at a time, and gave it a good shake. This was a lot faster than rolling pieces individually in the flour like I did the first time.Make sure you brown the meat in batches don't crowd the cubes in the pan or it will steam rather than get the nice crispy brown crust you want. It will spatter quite a bit so use a splatter screen if you have one. I was worried about browning the meat too much as I thought it might overcook. Do not worry! The meat is soooo tender when the stew is done that there is absolutely no need to worry about overcooking it during browning.After you add the cider, vinegar and water, wait a few minutes before adding the meat back to the pan. Let the liquids start to get hot and loosen the yummy brown bits on the bottom of the pan.The recipe didn't specify whether or not to peel the apple. I didn't and the only thing that happened is that there were some pieces of well-cooked apple peel in the stew. Tasty, maybe good fiber, so whether or not to peel the apple is up to you.All in all, a great recipe! Enjoy! I've made this recipe for years, and most people will either love it, or not. Its sweet and tangy.  Its dense (full of meat and vegetables) but the broth is brothy, not thickened. My husband and kids love this variation, but don't make it if you expect it to taste like traditional, thick beef stew. It tasted excellent with some additions.  I lowered the sweetness by adding half ACider and half water.  I only used 1 1/2 Tbsp AC vinegar.      I added garlic cloves as suggested.  Finish it off with a bunch of chopped cilantro or parsley.  Hubby loved it! Fantastic! We loved the flavor, this will be our new beef stew recipe! Added extra celery, carrots and minced garlic & some no sodium beef bullion. Absolutely delicious ‼️ The most delicious beef stew I have ever had. A little tang and a little sweetness...very balanced flavors. Easy to make and freezes well for later. You will not be disappointed! I did not like this at all.  It had a very acidic flavor. This just didn't work. I m sorry but that is enough vingar for ten times that. It was horribly sweet and terribly sharp. I tried to ulter the recipe to make it something palatable but failed. I m having a hard time imaging anyone that thought this was good.It needs a lot more. Onions asborb the vinger so it stays with it It needs to be cooked down for hours. nees a lot less vinger, more of everything else. it was just not good! And we love vinger. Everyone loved it! It’s almost sweet from the Apple, may use a Granny Smith next time. My family’s favorite!  Leftovers were gone the next day.  The qpple cider and vinegar adds a wonderful flavor, though it doesn’t taste like a glass of apple cider-my family couldnt figure out what the flavor was, they just loved it!
