Indian Saag
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/64066/indian-saag/
Melt butter in a large skillet or wok over medium-high heat; cook and stir turmeric, cumin seed, chile pepper, and garlic until fragrant, about 2 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in chopped mustard greens and spinach a little at a time, adding the tougher stems and thicker leaves first. Cook and stir until greens are thoroughly wilted. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in ground cumin, coriander, and salt. Cover, reduce heat, and simmer until greens are tender, about 10 minutes; add water as needed to keep greens moist. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Great recipe! One alteration I made on the advice of a local Indian restaurant was to mix 2 tablespoons of cornstarch and 3 tablespoons of water and add this mixture and stir well once the greens have wilted. Then cover and cook for the remaining ten minutes. I used curly dock  and lambsquarters from my garden for the greens. I also added fresh ginger, at the suggestion of reviewers. The dock has a sour flavor, so it tastes like lemon was added. The dock is also a bit mucilaginous, so no cornstarch required! Too bitter. Needed garam masala, ginger, and a touch of lemon. Coconut oil might help as well I think there is way too much turmeric. It actually tasted a little bitter and flat to me, as if it was missing some other spices. Added ginger, garam masala, sugar, and tomato paste as suggested by others. Also added some cornstarch, but definitely might want to just do 1 teaspoon is the flavor was there, but it was extremely mushy. Nice base but needed a touch of sugar and tomato paste. I notice some people have mentioned that it is missing something, and that thing for me was tomato paste and a teaspoon of sugar. Can also use tomato sauce/ketchup without the sugar. Can also add a half to one whole  teaspoon of mustard powder to really get that authentic flavor. Made it and tasted WAY off. Went to a friend to ask what I did wrong and he said the recipe is missing the ginger and garam masala I've made this dish twice using a spinach/kale combo and everything went fine.  This is an easy & versatile recipe. Was delicious and easy to make.  Made it using frozen spinach and ghee. It was a bit too spicy for me but I can’t do spicy. Hubs said it wasn’t spicy to him. I just ate it with a little plain yogurt like I do with pretty much any spicy dish. Definitely plan to make again with the same spice level. I used kale, spinach, ground cumin, turmeric, salt, pepper,  and some chili lime seasoning.  I threw in shrimp at the end and served it with basmati rice and garlic naan. We really liked it!
