Roasted Duck
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/65147/roasted-duck/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine paprika, salt, and pepper in a small bowl; rub spice mixture onto skin of duck. Place duck in a roasting pan. Roast in the preheated oven for 1 hour. otdash Meredith Food Studio Spoon 1/4 cup melted butter over duck and continue cooking for 45 minutes more. otdash Meredith Food Studio Spoon remaining 1/4 cup melted butter over duck and cook until golden brown, about 15 minutes more. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Awesome recipe the duck was fabulous! I added a bit of garlic to the rub, I also put half a stick of butter in the duck before putting it in the oven and the last 15 minutes of cooking i glazed it with the orange sauce, and it was just so good. We have duck every year during the holidays and this was the best it has ever turned out. TY for the great recipe! I did this, but didn't cook the whole bird. Just the legs, chest and wings. I'm glad I didn't cook the whole thing, I found a cavity of feathers when cleaning up the duck. I will also say that I should have adjusted the time because it's a bit dry, but not completely inedible. I used my normal seasonings because this wasn't nearly enough flavor, but I think I will make a nice orange sauce from scratch to go with the next one. I've only ever made duck on the stovetop and I think I like this method much better. Thank you for this. What a great recipe to introduce duck to people who are going to have it for the very first time. The spice rub adds a nice aroma and flavor, gives it a great color too. The doneness was perfect, the meat was fully cooked but still juicy and not dry at all. You could use this roast duck in so many different presentations. Maybe over rice, or a noodle dish, or even a salad where you would normally use chicken. Don’t leave it for the holidays only.Ducks aren’t that expensive that you can’t do this weekly or monthlyAwesome recipe I followed the recipe for the rub exactly. It added no flavor to the meat though the timing gave us a perfectly roasted bird. I took the advice of others to add potatoes, carrots, and onions under the bird- they were delicious. I'll probably take their advice about adding garlic to the rub and herbs inside the cavity the next time I make roast duck. Do not listen to the comment about 2 hours being too long. I took it out 20 minutes early because of that comment, let it rest, started carving it and realized it was bloody in the middle. Had I not seen that comment, my duck would not have been ruined. Follow this recipe, cook it for the full time suggested. My husband and I made this duck recipe last night for New Years Eve. Wow. Came out perfect and quite simple actually.  Looked at many recipes and this seemed to be the best fit as others were going to be sweet. My husband does not like sweet as he is a savory guy. We added fresh thyme and rosemary in the cavity. We thought about adding extra butter as others mentioned this in the reviews but we passed as duck juices and rich flavor was sufficent without the extra fat. My opinion it is not needed.From other recipes we researched ,  a good tip was to place duck on top of  onions, potatoes and carrots to help with control of the smoke when cooking. No smoke and cooked the carrots and potoatoes perfectly as delish. Even added the giblets for extra flavor.  Sweet potato  thrown in the mix and it was the best I have ever had. Fresh rosemary and thyme added for extra flavor too. Not overpowering at all.  We will do this again and what a surprise as first time doing a whole duck.Note: I did do the Ina Gartens cherry port sauce for the finishing  touch as she cooked only the duck breasts in her recipe. . She also said it was hard to carve. Very Easy to carve according to my husband. We used a disposable  aluminum turkey roaster  pan as easy clean up.Thanks for sharing this new favorite recipe in our household.
