Pumpkin Waffles
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/65691/pumpkin-waffles-with-apple-cider-syrup/
Preheat a waffle iron according to manufacturer's instructions. Combine flour, brown sugar, baking powder, cinnamon, allspice, ginger, and salt in a mixing bowl. Stir milk, pumpkin, and egg yolks together in a separate bowl. Whip egg whites in a clean dry bowl until soft peaks form. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir the flour mixture and 1/4 cup melted butter to the pumpkin mixture, stirring just to combine. Use a whisk or rubber spatula to fold 1/3 of the egg whites into the batter, stirring gently until incorporated. Fold in the remaining egg whites. Cook waffles according to manufacturer's instructions. otdash Meredith Food Studio otdash Meredith Food Studio To make the syrup: Stir sugar, cornstarch, and cinnamon together in a saucepan. Stir in apple cider and lemon juice. Cook over medium heat until mixture begins to boil; boil until the syrup thickens. Remove from heat and stir in 2 tablespoons of butter until melted. Serve warm. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I loved this recipe with a few time saving modifications. I used Bisquick instead of flour & baking powder. I also used about twice as much cinnamon as it called for because we really like it and left out the ginger because I didn't have any. I also skipped the the syrup because I forgot to buy apple cider. They were delicious with regular syrup. Next time I'll probably add more brown sugar because not quite sweet enough for me. Otherwise a great recipe! I'll probably make on Thanksgiving morning.  Made this for breakfast when I was missing those cozy autumn vibes and it was perfect! I’ve been trying to get more experimental with my recipes lately and thought it would be fun to mess around with the spices, so I added some cloves as well as a handful of peanut butter dog treats for texture & extra flavor! Turned out great, looking forward to making these again! This is so good, it tastes like dessert! I only had pumpkin pie filling so i used that and then I reduced the brown sugar to 3 tablespoons to even it out as the pumpkin pie filling contains about 1 tablespoon of sugar. We liked the pumpkin waffles. I think adding more cinnamon would make these taste better. I served the waffles with blueberries and whipped cream. The waffles do take longer to cook in the waffle maker than regular waffles. Made this several times and me and my son loves it.  I also make the syrup.  Excellent This is the second time I have made this recipe. I must have liked it enough last year to remember it this year. Some of the complaints are weird, so I will sum up my experience:You're making waffles from scratch. Yes, it is going to be a little messy. It is not worse than normal.If you're having trouble cooking, something might be wrong with your waffle maker. My little, ancient thrift-store pickup managed it twice now. They do look like a mess at first - if you open the waffle maker too soon. If you close it and let it cook longer, the batter should solidify.I find that the waffles don't have a strong pumpkin flavor, but that's okay. They are still good. The cider syrup is delicious.This time, I didn't have eggs on hand, so I used applesauce instead. It worked perfectly. I also used a wheat flour, since I was out of AP.  On top of that, I added some pumpkin spice to the batter. These were amazing. I made them exactly by the recipe. Avoid dense waffles by mixing the egg whites as per the directions. We topped them with whipped cream and they were fantastic. Great pumpkin recipe! These were ok.  I made the recipe with no changes.  They cooked well for me and I had no issues cooking them.  The flavor was blander than I thought it would be.  Couldn't taste the pumpkin that much. The syrup was pretty good.  Tasted like apple cider.  I don't think I would make them again though based on the numerous steps involved. Absolutely excellent waffles ( I didn't make the syrup, but would like to try it next time). I just substituted maple syrup for the brown sugar and added a couple teaspoons of natural maple extract. These did not turn out dense at all; they were crisp on the outside, light inside and wonderfully flavorful. Overmixing might be what caused some people to have dense waffles. Mix the flour into the wet ingredients just until combined. There may be some lumps, and that's OK. Also, don't overmix the beaten egg whites; it's OK to have a few white lumps. Letting the waffles sit in a 200 degree oven for a few minutes after baking them helps crisp up the outside. I will definitely add this recipe to  my favorites! A lot of extra work for only modest reward. They were as good as a regular waffle and took three times as long to make.
