Banana Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/6687/banana-bread/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 7x3-inch loaf pans. Whisk flour, sugar, baking soda, and salt together in a bowl. Mix in melted butter and beaten eggs, then stir in mashed bananas. Pour batter into the prepared pans. Bake in the preheated oven until a wooden toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 1 hour.
I made this bread today, for the second time. Because I love anything banana flavored, I decided to put in 5 mashed bananas this time and added 1t vanilla, and 1t cinnamon.Because of the dry to wet ratio I added another 1/2c flour and 1t baking powder. A flavorful, moist banana bread was the result! With my modifications, this recipe is a keeper. Thanks, Nikki! :) By the way, for two 7X3 loaves, it took only 45 minutes in my oven. I believe 1 hour would dry the bread out. Pretty darn good. Maybe a little more flavor? Best banana bread ever ! Instead of my loaf tins I made a double recipe and used 2 8x8 pans. So moist and delish ! I don't need to look for any other banana bread recipe! This is the best! I've been making it for several years and it's consistently, moist and delicious! The bonus is it's so easy to throw together! So easy and so delicious I followed the recipe exactly with one exception- I had to take it out 10 minutes early because it was overcooking. For 2 loaves, 45 minutes would be about right with my oven. The banana bread was tasty, except for the very bottom and top edging that had gotten a wee bit too done. This is the absolute first time I had ever made banana bread, and was a very easy recipe to follow. Thanks! I wondered when I only saw 1 1/2 c flour for 2 loaves but I followed recipe.  The loaves were very flat one looked like the height of a cookie This is the first time I've baked banana bread and it turned out great. It's a very good recipe! I took the advice of some of the commenters and added 1 tsp vanilla, 1 tsp cinnamon, and 1 tsp baking powder. I also used 5 bananas instead of 3 and it turned out delicious. Next time I make this, I'll add walnuts for a bit of a crunch. Oh, it only took 40 minutes to bake at 350F. Thanks! I made this recipe with  few small tweaks after reading the reviews.  First, I added 1/2 tsp cinnamon.  couldn't taste it in the bread so if you like this - I'd add more than 1/2.  I messed up and added 1 tsp salt instead of 1/2 couldn't really tell this either.  I had 4 bananas so I used 4 instead of 3 and I added a tsp of vanilla.  I BARELY got two loafs.  They were small ones.  And I would NOT recommend 1 hour in the oven.  I put mine in for 25 minutes at 350 and one loaf was done.  2nd loaf needed 10 more minutes.  They were delicious!
