Delicious Pumpkin Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/6697/delicious-pumpkin-bread/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour three 7x3-inch loaf pans. Stir flour, sugar, baking soda, salt, nutmeg, and cinnamon together in a large mixing bowl until well blended. Add mashed pumpkin, oil, water, and eggs; beat with an electric mixer until well combined. Fold in walnuts. Divide batter evenly among the prepared pans. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center of each loaf comes out clean, about 1 hour. Remove from the oven and set pans on a wire rack. Let cool completely before slicing.
(NOW WITH A LOW-FAT ALTERNATIVE!!) This recipe is GREAT! I have made these several times now with a few modifications that make people come begging for more: I doubled the spices (if not more), used only 2 cups sugar, left out the walnuts and added about 1 cup of semi-sweet chocolate chips. Lastly, instead of making bread, I made muffins...TO DIE FOR!! In standard muffin cups the muffins take about 30 minutes to bake at 350. With these changes, NOW it is a 5-star recipe!! EDITED TO ADD: I decided to try a LOW-FAT version of these and it turned out GREAT! Adding to my previous modifications, I also substituted 1/2 of the oil for applesauce. There was absolutely NO DIFFERENCE in taste or moistness. No brainer, save the calories and fat!! I sifted the flour and used 1/2 dark brown sugar and  granulated cane  sugar instead of white sugar. Was delicious first time using this recipe, also roasted a small pumpkin. This recipe is great! I’m a novice baker and this was super simple and easy to do. I listened to a few other commenters and cut sugar down to 2 cups with mixed white/brown, added for pumpkin spice cause my pumpkin wasn’t super flavorful, little bit of honey, along with a teaspoon each of vanilla and maple extract. Tasted great! I baked in two 9x5 pans, took about 45-50 minutes at 350 for me. Thank you for this recipe. I've baked it for years and people have asked me for it. In addition to your ingredients, I add 1 teaspoon of pumpkin pie spice and the flavor pops. I also sometimes top it with a cream cheese/butter/powdered sugar/vanilla frosting. This is very good. I added more nuts than called for and found that more were needed. I used a can, 15 oz of pumpkin and it was still delicious. I baked in 2 pans, a 4 1/2" x 8" and a 5" x 9".  Thank you for sharing your recipe. Made as the recipe read except I cut the recipe in half( only had 1 cup of pumpkin).  I made two smaller loaves. Good. I didnt have vegetable oil so I used coconut oil. Turned out great! I haven’t baked in probably 15 years and got a wild hair to make pumpkin bread with our Halloween pumpkins. I read through a lot of recipes but this one was simple and didn’t require 20 ingredients.  It came out perfectly! I used fresh pumpkin purée not canned, added two teaspoons of McCormicks vanilla extract, and used a baking pan instead of loaf tins. This will a regular make in our house from now on. I am getting ready to make this for the second time !! I did up the amount of spice used the first time and I used canned pumpkin. This time I am using fresh. This is one of the best tasting and moist pumpkin breads I have ever had. I added Walnuts and cooked one loaf and the rest muffins.  Muffins took about 30 minutes and the loaf an hour.  Shared the muffins with my neighbors for Christmas.  A hit with everyone
