Chocolate Chip Pumpkin Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/6732/chocolate-chip-pumpkin-bread/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour three 9x5-inch loaf pans (or three empty 16-ounce coffee tins). llrecipes/Preethi Venkatra Combine sugar, pumpkin, eggs, oil, and water in a large bowl. Beat with an electric mixer until smooth. Blend in flour, cinnamon, nutmeg, baking soda, and salt. llrecipes/Preethi Venkatra Fold in chocolate chips and nuts. llrecipes/Preethi Venkatra Evenly divide batter between the prepared pans; they should be 1/2 to 3/4 full. llrecipes/Preethi Venkatra Bake in the preheated oven until a knife inserted into the center comes out clean, about 1 hour. llrecipes/Preethi Venkatra Remove from the oven and let cool on wire racks before removing from the pans. Enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
We have changed the amount of baking soda listed in the ingredients from 2 tablespoons to 2 teaspoons. - The Staff I truly love how easy it is to throw this recipe together. I have two little ones and ample time is usually not on the agenda! I’m making this for the third time as my family and my co-workers love it! I make it just as recipe says. Today, I only had two pans so I made 6 “muffins” with the remaining batter and they came out great! Baked them for about 30 mins and that seemed to do it. Great easy recipe. Only substituted the canned pumpkin for fresh pumpkin puree. I will definitely be keeping this recipe, thank you. I made the recipe as is and liked the pumpkin bread. However it did have a strong nutmeg flavor which I’m ok with but would have preferred more of the pumpkin flavor to come through. If I use this recipe again i will put less nutmeg in. Great recipe…better than our local bakery (and they always have great stuff). I have used it with canned and fresh, pumpkin purée. It is excellent either way. No changes were made to this recipe, and it was delicious. First batch I used chocolate chips and thought it was too sweet. Second batch substituted cinnamon chips and it came out delicious. Plus I made mini loaves & and a regular loaf.
