Cheddar Biscuits
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/6742/cheddar-biscuits/
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). Grease a cookie sheet, or line with parchment paper. In a large bowl, combine baking mix, Cheddar cheese, and garlic powder. Stir in milk. Drop batter by heaping tablespoonfuls onto prepared cookie sheet. Bake in preheated oven for 10 minutes. Brush biscuits with melted margarine, and sprinkle with parsley and garlic salt. Bake for 5 more minutes, or until lightly browned on the bottom.
I'm not a bisquick fan, so I substituted 2c flour, 1 TBSP baking powder, 1 TSP salt and 1/3 cup butter. I also used garlic powder instead of garlic salt. I also added an egg with the milk. They were light and fluffy and didn't have the baking powdery/bisquick taste. Very, VERY good!!! The Best! These are so good... and easy! Perfect with a big bowl of vegetable-bean soup! My hubby and I loved them! Thank you! Delicious! Based on another reviewer's comments, I substituted for the Bisquick: 2 cups flour, 1 Tbs baking powder, 1 tsp salt, 1/3 cup softened salted butter. I also added an egg when I added the milk, and I added about a tsp of parsley to the bread dough. Another slight change I made was using half garlic salt, half garlic powder for both the added ingredient and the sprinkle on top after brushing with melted butter. I definitely saved this recipe! These were absolutely wonderful!! My husband loved them. Very flavorful and tender. I froze some and later in the week we had them with chili and the two things together were delish! Turned out great I added fresh chopped jalapeños. very good! So, so, good. Any changes made were per our personal tastes. I added less salt and more garlic powder. I also added 2 extra tablespoons of milk so the biscuits wouldn't be dry.  I cut up pieces of cold butter and added it to the biscuit mixture.  I substituted butter for the margarine also.   I've tried other cheddar biscuit recipes but this is the BEST so far. It was easy to make, too.  A+!! Tasty! Really quick and easy! I didn’t have any bisquick so I substituted with pancake mix and it came out great! I did add an extra handful of cheese, used Italian seasoning instead of garlic powder, I brushed with garlic butter and only had to put back in the oven for 2 minutes.
