Pumpkin Coconut Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/6770/pumpkin-coconut-bread/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 9 x 5 inch loaf pans. Mix together sugars, oil, and eggs. Mix in pumpkin. Add flour, salt, soda, and spices, and then water. Stir together until just moistened. Stir in coconut and nuts. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake for 60 minutes, or until tester inserted in the center comes out clean.
Very nice! I used applesauce in place of the vegetable oil and cut down the number of egg yolks to one without compromising flavor, texture, consistency,etc. Very flavorful bread which presents beautifully! This was very tasty!  The recipe made enough batter to fill two loaf pans.  The first time I made it-I put all of the batter into one loaf.  It was too much and took too long to cook-making the bread too dark and hard on the outer edges.  The second time that I made it- I used two loaf pans and it turned out perfect! Great recipe. My family loved it at Christmas. They are looking forward to another gift. Next time I will try it with pecans. Super good! Moist and flavorful and easy to make. Less sugar but still delicious and moist. This was delicious. The only change I made was that I used 4 teaspoons of pumpkin pie spice instead of the individual spices. Each of those spices cost about seven dollars each. It was cheaper just to use the pumpkin pie spice I made it and it was wonderful.  It stayed moist all week and I live in a very dry climate.  I am making it again tomorrow for gifts. Delicious! I doubled the recipe and made the following changes:Used applesauce in place of over half the oil. I would have replaced all the oil if I'd had enough applesauce.Used only half the white sugar called for.Skipped the allspice because I didn't have any. It was still plenty flavorful; I wouldn't have wanted it to taste any more spiced.Used 3 1/2 cups whole wheat flour, 1/2 cup flax seed, and 3 cups white flour, instead of all white.Increased the grated coconut by 1 cup, since other reviewers said they couldn't taste it much.Reduced the eggs from eight to six, on the suggestion of other reviewers.Used 2 cups walnuts (I'd probably make it 3 next time).The bread is delicious and has a nice texture. I'll probably use the recipe for muffins next time. It would make AWESOME muffin tops! Made as directed and it was perfect.  Very moist.  The coconut gives more texture than taste.  I actually made it twice this week. Try it,,you'll LOvE it especially for the Holidays
