Simple Whole Wheat Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/6773/simple-whole-wheat-bread/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix warm water, yeast, and 1/3 cup honey in a large bowl to dissolve. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add 5 cups bread flour, and stir to combine. otdash Meredith Food Studio Let sit for 30 minutes, or until big and bubbly. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix in 3 tablespoons melted butter, remaining 1/3 cup honey, and salt. Stir in 2 cups whole wheat flour. otdash Meredith Food Studio Transfer dough to a floured work surface and gradually knead in remaining 2 cups whole wheat flour. otdash Meredith Food Studio Knead until dough starts to pull away from the work surface, adding more whole wheat flour if necessary; dough should be a bit tacky to the touch, but not too sticky. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place in a greased bowl, turning once to coat the surface of the dough. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cover with a dish towel and let rise in a warm place until doubled, 45 minutes to 1 hour. otdash Meredith Food Studio Grease three 9x5-inch loaf pans. Punch down the dough, and divide it into 3 loaves. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place in the prepared loaf pans, and allow to rise until dough has topped the pans by one inch, another 45 minutes to 1 hour. otdash Meredith Food Studio Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Bake the risen loaves in the preheated oven until golden brown for 25 to 30 minutes, do not overbake. otdash Meredith Food Studio Lightly brush the tops of the loaves with remaining 2 tablespoons melted butter when done to prevent crust from getting hard. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cool completely. Enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
Amazing recipe. I bake a lot of bread and this is by far one of the best Wheat breads I've come by. Surprisingly, this recipe is pretty much perfect. I've made it about 4 times now and it's fail-safe everytime. I've also sub sugar for honey and it works fine (use the same amount). This is a very moist, tender, slightly chewy bread. It makes the quintessential sandwich bread and stays moist for at least a few days. To make sandwich size bread, you will only need TWO 9x5" loaf pans. Exactly 25 min. was perfect for me. This will be my master Wheat bread recipe. **For variation, I've added 1/2 cup of 10-Grain mix (Bob's Red Mill brand) and 2 tablespoon of whole flax seed for added nutrition and texture. You can also add sunflower seeds, sesame seeds or flaxseed meal for other options. I used a Kitchen-Aid mixer and always end up adding about 3.5 cups whole wheat flour. I knead on level 1 & 2 for about 10 min. then take out and knead by hand for about 1 min. to form a large dough ball before letting it rise. **TIP** For a more chewy bread and higher rise, similar to the store bought ones, add 3-4 tablespoons of powdered gluten.General rule is usually 1 tablespoon gluten for every 1 cup of flour. But for this recipe, I found 4 tbl. was fine. I've also halved the recipe with success - 2 cups bread flour, 2 cups wheat flour, 1 tsp. salt, 1/3 cup honey, 3 tbl. gluten. I only made this because my friend was using my bread machine. Way to sweet. Might make again with less honey. I make this all the time. I have modified it. Sometimes I add an egg, or cinnamon or raisins and it is always delicious. I don’t even have to look at the recipe anymore.  So easy! Delicious! I made this recipe for the first time yesterday and my family has already eaten the whole loaf! I reduced the recipe to make only one loaf: 1 cup warm water, 1.5 tsp active dry yeast, 3.5 Tbsp honey, 1 2/3 cups bread flour, 1 Tbsp +2 tsp butter, 1 tsp salt, 1  1/3 cups whole wheat flour.I made this recipe as written other than reducing the honey and heating the oven to 375 degrees for the last five minutes to brown the crust. The loaf rose nicely and tasted great! I will customize it next time and increase the whole wheat flour and decrease the bread flour. Thanks for the recipe!*For those having trouble with sinking bread- I would suggest making sure that your water is the right temperature, your yeast is not expired/old, and that your rise time is not too long or too short.  I am not an expert, but hope that helps! Very easy to make in a stand mixer. Very little hand kneading necessary.Good bread, but too sweet for me.I had to add water with the final flour addition.35 minutes was not long enough to reach the done temperature of 190°F.Weights in grams for a single loaf:237 g warm water5 g active dry yeast38 g honey212 g bread flour1 tablespoon (14 g) butter38 g honey1 teaspoon salt226 g whole wheat flour75 g whole wheat flourI needed 43 g water2 teaspoons (9 g) melted butter i used a little less honey that what the recipe called for but all in all it was a great recipe. the bread was nice and soft and chewy.
