Cranberry Pumpkin Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/6796/cranberry-pumpkin-bread/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray two 8x4 inch loaf pans with non-stick cooking spray. Combine the flour, brown sugar, baking soda, baking powder, salt, ground cinnamon and ground cloves in a large bowl and mix well. Set aside. Mix the egg substitute, cranberry sauce, pureed pumpkin, vegetable oil and grated orange zest together. Add this mixture to the flour mixture and stir until just moistened. Pour batter into the prepared pans. Sprinkle the top of each loaf with the chopped nuts. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 55 to 60 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Let loaves cool for 10 minutes then remove from pans. Can be made even lower in fat by substituting 1/3 cup applesauce for the 1/3 cup vegetable oil.
If you add one more cup of sugar, plus more cinnamin it will taste great. The first batch I made was not sweet enough for my family or friends, but when I added the extra sugar and cinnamin it was WONDERFUL!!!! I’ve been making this bread for years. I use 4 eggs, otherwise follow the recipe, leave out nuts.  Everyone loves it! Very Easy and GOOD!.. Orange zest gave nice change to pumpkin bread.   Instead of making  2 lge  loaves I used mini  loaf pans (3.25"x2"x5.75")   Made 6  loaves.   Great size for gift giving!!. I have been making this recipe for years!  Lately to reduce sugar I started substituting a 1/2 brown sugar with 1/2 cup monkfriut sweetner. My husband loves this breakfast bread.  I also made it into muffins and baked for 20 minutes at 365 degrees. Used half whole wheat flour and half  all purpose.  Very moist.  Good warm or cold.  Just found there was too much ground cloves which overtook flavor. Love it! Added fresh cranberries and extra cinnamon! I made this recipe by using 4 eggs instead of egg beaters, I also use whole berry cranberry sauce. Family loved it Very moist, and not excessively sweet. The only changes I made were adding another 1/2 cup brown sugar, as suggested, and added about 3/4 cup of chopped walnuts to the batter.  Oh, and 4 eggs, the equivalent to the cup of egg substitute.   I used the leftover cranberry sauce I had made for Thanksgiving.  Not sure what all the fuss was about the color of the bread?  As long as it tastes good, is all that matters.  And it is delicious! I threw the frozen  pumpkin & frozen cranberries from November in the food processor along with the orange zest & some freshly cut orange juice, coconut oil, & a flax egg. OMG!! :o Just the batter alone...tasted DELICIOUS!
