Downeast Maine Pumpkin Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/6820/downeast-maine-pumpkin-bread/
Gather the ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 9x5-inch loaf pans. otdash Meredith Food Studio Whisk flour, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves, and ginger together in a large bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix pumpkin puree, eggs, oil, water, and sugar in a separate bowl until well blended. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir flour mixture into pumpkin mixture until just blended. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour batter into the prepared pans. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean, about 50 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
Out of this recipe, I ended up making a dozen Pumpkin muffins and a Pumpkin loaf as well. It is simply scrumptious!! I read all the reviews and took all the suggestions that were offered that were similar. Below is how I ended up re-writing the recipe - it turned out moist, spicy, and DELICIOUS!! My family has already asked me to make this at Christmas!!15 Oz Can Pumpkin;4 Eggs;1/2 Cup Veg. Oil;1/2 Cup Applesauce (I used sweetened);2 Cups Sugar;3 1/2 Cups Flour;2 Tsp. Baking Soda;1 1/2 Tsp Salt;1 Tsp. Cinnamon;Splash of Vanilla;1/4 Tsp Pumpkin Spice;1 Cup Walnuts;1/2 Cup Raisins;1 Tsp Nutmeg;1/2 Tsp Cloves; 1/4 Tsp Ground Ginger;Blended and cooked as described in original recipe.. Both placed in the oven at the same time, the Muffins were done in 40 minutes and Bread was done in 1 hr 10 minutes.While on Cooling rack, poked holes in top of muffins and bread, and poured seperate hot Cinnamon Sugar Butter combo over holes, allowing it to seep down inside. Yummmmmmmmy! Will make again and again! Thanks for all the tips everyone! This recipe was perfect. I used freshly roasted pumpkin, reduced the sugar, and made muffins. They were simply delicious! I will make them again for sure. I have made this recipe several times and I have to tell you. It truly is outstanding! Just made it tonight and it's in the oven. As we speak. I decided today to be a little creative. I added to it, dried cranberries, (sweetened) and raisins.Let's see how that turns out. Other than tonight's addition of raisins and dried cranberries, I've stuck to the recipe. Substituting only half the white sugar for a little more brown sugar and apple juice instead of water.I just love the taste of brown sugar. Definitely a keeper! Yummy! Excellent dessert bread, or, possibly breakfast bread! I added walnuts to my batch. Mmmmmmmmmm ohm nom nom! I've made this recipe probably 100 times and it's perfect each time. I add Hershey's cinnamon baking chips to my bread though. It amps up the flavor. My family raves about the bread. When I got diagnosed with a wheat allergy, I swapped the regular flour for a gluten free all purpose blend and the recipe is just as amazing. When I share with my friends, they can't tell it's gluten free. I love this recipe for how simple and straightforward it is, as well as the name because I'm originally from the beautiful state of Maine. Baked it in a Bundt pan, about an hour. Used half butter half oil. Added a cup of walnuts. Increased cinnamon and ginger, decreased nutmeg. I think it could use even more spice. Next time I’d like to try using part brown sugar and adding dried cranberries and vanilla. I've been using this recipe for many years! It produces moist and flavorful bread. I replace powder ginger with fresh grated as well as replacing half granulated suagr with brown. Didn’t follow the recipe completely because I didn’t want all the oil or sugar . Cut the sugar to 2 cups and the oil by 1/2 replacing the other 1/2  with apple sauce. (1/2 c oil, 1/2 c applesauce) The results were fabulous! I left one loaf plain and added nut  and raisins to the other loaf. I did this because my husband hates nuts and I love them! So win win. Win for the waist too. Someday I will make the decadent version,  maybe for Christmas. Fun and easy to make. Enjoy I liked the recipe. However, I found it hard to mix the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients without really giving them a vigorous stir, which reduced the height of the loafs (I think). It's a lot of oil and sugar for what doesn't taste like decadent bread, which is fine, but if I'm going to add that much oil & sugar, it should taste worth it ;). All in all, good. I used fresh pumpkin (pie pumpkin). Amazing. Did not alter the recipe. This has to be the BEST pumpkin bread I have ever tasted!  It was absolutely Great!!!  I would not hesitate to recommend this recipe and I wouldn't think twice about doing so!  We simply love it!! Wonderful!  Thanks for the recipe!  I’m making it again tomorrow!!Best regards and happy baking to all!   Dawn Delicious! Next time I will for sure add walnuts or toasted pecans and I might even try a few butterscotch morsels. This is my official pumpkin bread recipe now. It's SO good!!!!
