Grilled Delmonico Steaks
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/68301/grilled-delmonico-steaks/
Combine oil, Worcestershire sauce, soy sauce, steak seasoning, steak sauce, salt, pepper, and rosemary in the bowl of a food processor. Add garlic and onion; process until well blended. Prick steaks on both sides with a fork, then place into a large glass baking dish. Pour marinade over steaks, and flip steaks several times to coat. Cover and refrigerate for at least 3 hours, or overnight. When ready to cook, preheat an outdoor grill for medium heat and lightly oil the grate. Remove steaks from marinade and shake off excess. Discard remaining marinade. Place steaks on the preheated grill; cover and cook until beginning to firm and are hot and slightly pink in the center, about 10 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 140 degrees F (60 degrees C) for medium.
Okay, this is my third time making this marinade and I've decided no salt is required. With the salt in the soy sauce and steak seasoning there's already plenty. FINALLY I'VE GOT IT JUST RIGHT. Mmmmmmmmmmmm, this is great! THIS IS 1ST REVIEW I'm not a rosemary fan, so instead opted for 1/2 T. tarragon and 1/2 T. thyme. I wish I had read the reviews before making, don't get me wrong this has exceptional flavor, but way way way too salty. I could practically feel my ankles swelling. I'm wondering if maybe it should have been 2 teaspoons of salt rather then two tablespoons? With the soy sauce (which is already salty) it was a bit of a salt overkill, but I will definitely make it again, and again and again, just cut back the sodium. Fabulous flavor!! Hands down, best marinade ever!! This is now my favorite way to cook rib eyes!  It was very good.  Made the steak super tender and very flavorful.  Just loved it!!!! Perfect steaks! Going to try it on my New York strips next. This recipe is excellent. I did not add the salt and I replaced the rosemary with thyme per reviews. They were so good, you didn't need any steak sauce with it.  It had so much flavor and it was very tender as well.  Will make again for sure. OMG!! I would consider myself a great cook. The one thing I couldn't get to taste amazing was steaks, until I found this recipe! Moist and full of flavor!! Thank you!! Superb marinade!  I didn’t use the salt and couldn’t add onions thanks to a recent recall.  It was still excellent, maybe even better especially without the salt.  My opinion, no need for the food processor step either, just whisk marinade ingredients together.  I will use this on all choice cuts from now on. ABSOLUTELY AMAZING AS IS!! I read so many reviews stating this recipe was too salty, then realized they hadn't actually tried it with the salt, just assumed it would be too much. I made this recipe EXACTLY as written and it was incredible. I marinated delmonico steaks for about 8 hours, then chopped them into kebab sized pieces and continued to marinate 2 more hours. I like salt but my bf doesn't. I made him 2 steaks, assuming I'd use one for sandwiches the next day. He ate both and said it was the best marinade he's ever had. The thing to know is that it's all about osmotic pressure. You need to give the salt on the steaks time to draw the juices out, then suck them back in with all the flavor (there are videos on the internet about how to do this). The only thing I really want say/complain about, is that the recipe just says salt. You MUST use coarse kosher or sea salt. Table salt is way, way too salty. I happened to have some lovely coarse, maplewood smoked salt and it added a nice smoky hint. The steaks were so tender they just melted in your mouth. We usually don't marinate our steaks, but will be making this again and again. Wow. Yuk !!
