Baked Pumpkin Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/6845/baked-pumpkin-bread/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Sift the flour, baking soda, salt, cinnamon and nutmeg into a large bowl. Mix in the pumpkin, brown sugar, buttermilk, egg and butter until well blended. Pour into a 9x5 inch loaf pan and smooth the top. Bake for 1 hour in the preheated oven, or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean.
This was a great lower-calorie bread - I was very impressed. I did add about 1/4 to 1/2 tsp. ground ginger, which made for a nice addition. I had no complaints about the lack of pumpkin taste - let's face it, pumpkin by itself just doesn't have that strong of a taste. If that's really what you're aiming for, make a pumpkin pie instead. Delicious! I've made this bread several times, and love it.  But the original version uses too little pumpkin.    After experimenting with different amounts, I found that using an entire 15 oz can of pumpkin gets me the result I want.Instead of buttermilk I use 1/2 cup of yogurt; and instead of whole eggs, I use around 2 and a half tablespoons of egg whites.   I do not add any butter.After mixing everything else together, I add in a  large bunch of raisins and also a large bunch of chopped walnuts.   The raisins and walnuts help this recipe enormously.For flour I've been using 1 cup of All-purpose plus 1/2 cup of Whole Wheat Pastry flour.  But using only All Purpose flour would probably get an equally good result. No flavor as-is. Very delicious. Will definitely be making again as everyone in the house loved it. I made this recipe twice so far. Now a regular for Fall season:) I would suggest checking at 50 minutes. 60 was still delicious except threw away the end pieces. My husband really enjoyed having it in his lunches. I baked as directed for spices and it’s excellent! This has been my favorite quick bread for years now.  Very moist and delicious!  I keep everything exactly the same except I do use all or part whole wheat pastry flour.  Comes out great for me every time. Love it...the only thing I did was use a whole can of pumpkin instead of 1 cup...very moist and good pumpkin flavor...I'll make it again. I loved this recipe and will absolutely be making it again. I made a few changes - I roasted and pureed fresh pumpkin instead of using canned, I added a dash of pumpkin pie spice, and I added mini chocolate chips (as I always do to fall bread). Moist and delicious! Very good, although the texture was a little off, but that could have been something I did.  Not super sweet, which is what we liked about it.  Would add chopped walnuts next time.
