Buffalo Chicken Dip
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/68461/buffalo-chicken-dip/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat chicken and hot pepper sauce in a skillet over medium heat until heated through, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in cream cheese and ranch dressing. Cook and stir until well blended and warm, 3 to 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix in 1/2 of the Cheddar cheese, and transfer the mixture to a slow cooker. Sprinkle the remaining cheese over top. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cover and cook on Low until dip is hot and bubbly, about 35 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve with celery sticks and crackers. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I have made a variation of this recipe for over a year now and have never been disappointed. I suggest using more chicken and more hot sauce with this recipe. Also, if you use the chedder cheese, don't use the pre-shredded bags from the grocery store. The cheese in those bags is coated with flour and it seems to make the dip oiler. Love this recipe very good basics and measurements with room to spruce it up to your liking. Since I am pescatarian I subbed the two cans of chicken with chunky albacore tuna and added a lot more Frank's buffalo sauce (I like it on the spicier side) also only needed 1 pack of cream cheese but it's a winner. We devour this in one sitting in our house. I have made this dip different ways, but I normally make it with canned chicken (Tyson premium white chicken). I definitely want to make it with rotisserie chicken or boiled chicken to see if there is a big difference or not. I made some recently with ranch seasoning where you mix it with mayo and milk and loved the results... Tasted better than just regular ranch dressing. Also, warming the cream cheese, Frank's hot sauce (buffalo style) and ranch dressing together then mixing it with the chicken is a must before baking it. How hot you make it depends on what crowd your making it for! I made this for a 4th of July pool party. Used bleu cheese dressing instead of ranch, and made in a crock pot (didn't want to use the oven in the Phoenix heat!). Served with tortilla chips, carrot and celery sticks. Everyone loved it, came home with an empty crock pot! Great recipe. Very slight modifications for me were 1/2 cup ranch and 1/2 cup blue cheese, wing sauce vice hot sauce and I reserve 1/2 cup cheese and dump the rest all together and then put it in a baking dish and top it with the remaining cheese...and then a little more. Serve with baked tortilla chips. This stuff is good and usually gone! I make a variation of this recipe that I personally feel is much easier. Instead of the Ranch, I use Blue Cheese dressing and instead of cheddar cheese I use mozzarella. I combine the chicken with about 2/3 bottle of Frank's and marinate in fridge for 30 mins. I soften cream cheese and spread in bottom of 9x13, then add chic mixture, then blue cheese and top with 2 cups mozz. Bake at 350 for 20-30 mins or until bubbly and cheese starts to brown. OMG! This is perfect game day food! I used a lil less hot sauce for my families taste .... I also used a couple boiled & shredded chicken breasts the second time I made this and it tasted even better! Making it for superbowl for sure!!! I would also like to try it with blue cheese or feta! Great dip! I added some Swiss and mozzarella cheese just to add more depth to the flavor. I used diced chicken breast instead of canned. Also, I finished it off in the oven, on broil, to melt the cheese. The color is fine, especially since I sprinkled some additional hot sauce on top. Yum!! This is an absolutely favorite of ours! I've made it for all of my extended families and for football game parties and for work events and everyone raves about it and asks me for the recipe. It's extremely straightforward and easy to make. I prefer using chicken breast instead of canned chicken so I use a couple breasts and boil and shred them first. I combine the cream cheese, ranch dressing, hot sauce and cheddar cheese in the crock pot until smooth and then add in my chicken. Works wonderfully and is easy to transport. This is THE best dip I have ever eaten as well as made!! I had this for the first time at a friends for a New Years Eve party and I just love the spicy/ranch flavor!! Since then, I've had tons of people ask for the recipe and I'm now required to bring it whenever there's a party! I pretty much use the exact recipe except I use 2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts rather than the canned. I boil them first and then shred them and I think it tastes just great! 5 STARS ;) LOVED IT!!!!!! I made this on Christmas eve... it was the biggest hit of all. I followed a tip of another review by using actual chicken breasts, and used a full cup of hot sauce. I also used blue cheese dip rather than ranch. I did not use a slow cooker, but rather put it into a casserole dish in the oven. It turned out awesome. There were only 7 people over, and there was almost nothing left. No one could walk away from it. I did not try the canned chicken, but would totally recommend using chicken breast instead. Also served with natcho chips... Great flavor and crowd pleaser. I used Frank's buffalo sauce. Even shredding my own cheddar, it still has an orange layer of grease if it sits too long without being stirred. Leftovers taste great as well! It was great would like to share If it isn't Franks & Blue cheese, it's not Buffalo chicken wing dip! But besides the ranch, it's a good base recipe. I'll use canned if I just want a snack, but if I'm taking it somewhere I use fresh chicken. Easy quick snack/meal, little spicy I used buffalo sauce instead of the hot, but it’s still delicious 10/10 recommend!! Also I baked it instead of using the slow cooker! I did the entire recipe in the slow cooker (less clean up). Cooked the chicken in the hot sauce to steaming then added everything else. Don't let your dairy boil. Delicious. Great recipe! Added some seasonings and more Frank’s. Really good. Don't use chuck chicken. Get real chicken breast and grill it about half way and put it in crock pot. Then use buffalo wings sauce not franks red hot
