Homemade Dumplings
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/6900/dumplings/
Gather the ingredients. Stir together flour, baking powder, sugar, and salt in a bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cut in butter until mixture is crumbly. Stir in milk and mix until a batter forms that is thick enough to be scooped with a spoon. Allow batter to rest for 3 to 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Drop batter by spoonfuls into boiling stew or soup. Cover and simmer without lifting the lid for 15 minutes. Serve. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO
Outstanding! Absolutely outstanding! My darling hubby has been asking for chicken and dumplings for months. With the weather turning a bit cooler, I decided to give this recipe a try. I was not disappointed, and neither was he. These are absolutely delicious. I used butter rather than margarine and I used two tablespoons rather than one. These were light, fluffy and so tender. I followed the recipe and some of the suggestions by other reviewers. Mix only until incorporated, add to simmering (not boiling) liquid and put a lid on it! Leave the pot alone for the full 15 minutes. This is now our family dumpling recipe. Thank you Carol's Mom. I have been cooking professionally for over 30 years. Great base recipe. I add fresh herbs such as dill or tarragon. Such a great flavor and texture Kudos to Carol this is now my go to. We made this because my wife wanted a home cooked meal couple weeks after dental surgery and they just melt in your mouth ... the best I've made and the best I've eaten. if your looking for that "grandmothers recipe" this is it! thank you again. I make chicken and dumplings at least once or twice a month but I got in the habit of using Bisquick. Never Again! This was so good! Light and fuffy, melt in your mouth dumplings! I just made this with our family's "secret ingredient" substitute... We make "corny dumplings" I use drained liquid from canned corn instead of milk and add half the corn in the chicken and half in the dumplings. I had to triple the recipe and it was all gobbled up! If I could give these a million stars I would. I have been looking for a from scratch dumpling recipe like this for years and could never quite get them right but these are perfect, light, fluffy and buttery but not spongy or too soft. The only change I made was I doubled the butter and melted it and mixed it into the cold milk which causes the butter to harden in small bits, then mixed wet ingredients into the dry ingredients just until combined. It made six nice sized dumplings and were perfectly cooked after 15 minutes simmering covered. Thank you for this recipe it has made me so happy! I followed the recipe and added to the food processor. In addition, I added about a tablespoon of fresh parsley substituted buttermilk for regular milk and added about a teaspoon of granulated garlic. These dumplings turned out fantastic, thanks I made these with a gluten-free flour blend and dairy-free milk. I used half the amount of liquid + a few tbsps to consistency. They were FANTASTIC! I made another batch just so we could finish off the pot of chicken and dumplings I’d made. My son said, “Mother, you should make these more often.” Loved it! Grew up with Bisquick chicken and dumplings and would rather not pass on that tradition. Getting away from processed and boxed foods. Used them in my homemade chicken stock that simmered all day. Used the fryer chicken carcass (raw, I deboned it fresh) from a meal the night before. I added celery tops, ruff cut carrots, and onion, salt, pepper, and a bay leaf or two. Simmer 4 hrs with lid on. STRAIN. Slow baked 2 large bnls breast, added them shredded to the broth along with fresh chopped carrots,celery and onion. My family loves dumpings! Doubling this was a no brainier. WHY DIDN'T I TRIPLE?????? I strongly suggest as I will be doing this next time I make. Light, fluffy and filling. The added parsley is a nice touch. This is the perfect Sunday dinner to have your house smell amazing the whole day. I will be handing this down to my daughters. Came out great! We added parsley, garlic powder, Parmesan and some cheddar cheese. Easy& delicious! I have made this twice. Great for a quick meal in a vegetable soup base. I omit the sugar. I make them smaller so they are more dumpling-ish and less biscuit-ish. Great recipe! I was delighted with the ease of this recipe. I made it 2 ways because of my gluten sensitivity. I made one batch as described. The second I substituted a gluten-free flour blend, used parsley for identification, scant 1/2 tsp. Xanthan gum and used 1 egg+almond milk to equal the 1/2 C. of milk. The dumplings came out quite light and held up to cooking in the gravy. This was a win. Lovely and light. I added a 1/2 tsp of garlic and 1/4 cup freshly grated parmesan cheese to these (in the dry ingredients) and also melted the butter and used room temp milk. The trick is not to over mix and never lift the lid. They were wonderful!!! I would definetly double or triple the recipe if serving more than 3 or 4 ppl.  When making chicken and dumplings, I add a little bit of allspice sometimes. Very easy to follow and failProof! Beautiful inA slow cooker chicken casserole! I love easy recipes with the minimum of ingredients. These came out tasty, texture was light and my husband loved them. So I am bookmarking this recipe. yum! and so easy Love it. Very tasty and delicious.
