Apple Scones
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/6905/apple-scones/
Measure flour, sugar, baking powder, soda, and salt into a large bowl. Cut in butter or margarine until crumbly. Add shredded apple and milk. Stir to form a soft dough. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Knead gently 8 to 10 times. Pat into two 6-inch circles. Place on greased baking sheet. Brush tops with milk, and sprinkle with sugar and cinnamon. Score each into 6 pie-shaped wedges. Bake at 425 degrees F (220 degrees C) for 15 minutes, or until browned and risen. Serve warm with butter.
Wow! These came out great... fluffy and not-too-sweet. HEADS UP--I needed to add about 1/4 cup less milk, or more flour, to given them a real scone-ish consistency. So quick and easy. I would recommend putting some spice into the batter, though, to liven them up... a cinnamon/ nutmeg/allspice combo worked great for me! I gave this a rating of 4 stars. I don't think it should go any higher for these reasons. 1. It's more of a cakey cookie if you ask me. Don't get me wrong though, it was so delicious. 2. The dough is really sticky. I had to wash my hands each time I stirred something in. 3. It's not really  something I would call over the top apple flavored. I served my scones with apple butter and hash brown casserole. Apple butter is a must if you want more apple flavor. 4. You need to add about 1/8 a cup more of sugar. It did this and I think it made a big difference. I recommend serving cool with butter and apple butter. Would 100% make these again I was given some apples from a neighbor, so immediately decided to double the recipe so that I could share.  Consideration #1: I observed, of course, that my neighbor’s organic apples from their tree were about half the size of the apples from the grocery store. #2: Other reviewers commented on the lack of taste.  Here is what I did…1.  I doubled the recipe. 2.  I shredded one apple and diced two more apples (small to medium apples). 3. I added one tablespoon of cinnamon to my now 1/2 cup of sugar for the dough (recipe doubled). 4.  Whenever I make scones, I cut the butter into pea sized pieces and then freeze them.I then followed the recipe to the letter.  These scones are subtle in flavor, so the extra cinnamon and particularly the chunks of diced apple really made these scones showstoppers for us.  My neighbor even asked for the recipe!  If you want your scones to be on the sweeter side, add a bit more sugar or maybe try a little maple syrup. I made these yesterday. Both my husband and I do not taste Apple in them! How do we rectify this problem? Lucking I doubled the sugar, or they would just be a ‘biscuit!’ tried this as i picked a ton of apples today.  used one and grated.  but my dough was super wet?  i added at least another cup of flour...not sure i'll make this again....MAYBE i'll use diced apples instead. These were amazing and the entire family enjoyed it. Definitely gonna make them again! This recipe is really good. I did add pumpkin and pumpkin pie spice for nice fall pumpkin apple scone. They were delicious, my family asked when I would make them again. I’ve tried several apple scone recipes but this is my new favorite! Soft and delicious it was hard not to eat them all myself! I have no idea why people are raving over this.  Like others I added cinnamon, and nutmeg to the dough. I probably even added extra apple as the recipe only calls for one apple, but I used two small ones. It smells great baking, but has little, to no taste.   I can't imagine what it's like without extra flavor. I followed Jillians recommendations and they were perfect
