Orange Pumpkin Loaf
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/6932/orange-pumpkin-loaf/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x5 inch loaf pan. Cut orange into wedges, and remove seeds. Place orange, peel and all, in a food processor. Pulse until finely chopped; set aside. In a large bowl, cream butter and sugar until smooth. Beat in the eggs one at a time, then stir in the pumpkin, water, and the ground orange. Mix together flour, baking soda, baking powder, salt, cinnamon, and cloves. Stir into batter just until moistened. Stir in nuts and raisins. Spoon into the prepared loaf pan. Bake for 1 hour in the preheated oven, or until a toothpick inserted near the center comes out clean. Let stand 10 minutes, then remove from pan, and cool on a wire rack.
I made two loaves last night (using dates instead of raisins, since that's my preference)and brought a few slices to work. The bread got rave reviews. It bursts with flavor and has a nice texture. This is a keeper. I will make 4 loaves tonight - one to freeze, the rest to give to friends. Thank you for sharing this great recipe. I used two small Tangerines because I didn’t have an orange.And I added walnuts.  Grinding up the entire fruit gives it a great citrus taste and also just that tiny hint of the taste from the peel. This recipe is a keeper. Really moist and delicious!!! I used 1/3 cup less of the sugar but the cake is too sweet for me.  Besides that it's good.  The orange is definitely the dominant flavor.  Next time I'll use milk instead of water to cut the sweetness and perhaps use even less sugar.  Maybe fewer orange peels, too. Love this!  Very moist and tasty.  I followed the recipe exactly, except I didn't have an orange so I used about 1/4 cup frozen OJ concentrate, which worked fine.   I substituted cranberries instead of raisins, which was delicious.   I baked 23 minutes in muffin tins which was perfect timing. This was AMAZING!!  After reading the reviews, and the recipe, I knew I wanted to double the recipe.  So glad I did.  I made muffins and smaller sized loaves in order to share.    I had a bit of trouble at first with getting the orange through.  I thought the pieces were a tad too large, so I set it thru my rarely ever used food processer a 2nd time.    I subst. craisins for raisins, pumpkin pie spice for the listed spices, and subst. 1 cup of sugar with Stevia.    Has anybody tried it with Almond or coconut flours for those who need gluten free?  I was a bit chicken to try any more changes to it, especially my first time trying it.  This is a keeper.  But how do you make Orange Cream.  I saw it mentioned.  Is that Cream cheese infused with orange zest?  Or is it a cream?  Thank you so much for this recipe.  Who'd have thunk using an orange, rind and all would have things turn out so yummy! Very Delicious , moist but with great texture. Had some leftover pumpkin puree and found this recipe, glad I did.I didn't want to include the white pith from the orange tho, so just zested all the peel off and then used the peeled orange. Other changes were: subbed apple juice for water, 1 tsp ginger for the cloves (don't like cloves) upped cinnamon to 1 tsp. , used pecans  (dont like/have walnuts) AND here is the one thing I read from other reviews that I believe did make a difference, I used Craisins instead of raisins and upped this to 1 full cup. Absolutely recommend this one change! Amazing, best new recipe I have tried in a long while!I made this into 18 medium muffins baked at 350 for about 24 mins. Really yummy. I wanted to get a strong orange flavor, so used 1.5 thin-skinned oranges from my neighbors, processed skins and all. Didn't have any nuts or raisins, so put in about 3/4 cup of oatmeal. Didn't want to use a "glaze", but did make a syrup of 1/2 sugar and 1/2 orange juice, stirred to dissolve the sugar. When I took it out of the oven, I poked the top several times with a fork, then poured the syrup all over the top. I usually do this to increase moisture. It worked very well, and I  got the strong orange flavor I wanted. Made this in an 8x8 pan. Will make again! Moist and delicious. I added a bit more sugar because of comments about it being bitter, but it wasn't necessary. It will be perfect just the way it is. I used chopped dates and walnuts. Holy moly this is addictive! I doubled the recipe and made 6 mini loaves to give away plus an 8 x 4 loaf for us. The two of us ate the large loaf in 2 sittings and everyone who got the small loaves have raved about it. The addition of the whole orange is GENIUS! I skipped the nuts and raisins and added leftover homemade cranberry sauce instead. I skimped a bit on the sugar and it was sweet perfection! Don’t be tempted to peel that orange!! JUST DO IT as written! Absolutely great recipe! Great as is...everyone liked it.
