Cinnamon Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/6934/cinnamon-bread-i/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Generously grease a 9x5-inch loaf pan. To make the bread: Beat flour, sugar, buttermilk, eggs, oil, vanilla, baking powder, cinnamon, salt, and baking soda in a large mixing bowl until well combined, about 3 minutes. Pour batter into the prepared loaf pan; smooth the top. To make the topping: Stir sugar, butter, and cinnamon together in a small bowl until crumbly; sprinkle over batter. Use a paring knife to swirl batter for a marbled effect. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 50 minutes. Remove bread from the pan to a wire rack to cool completely.
HELPFUL TIPS AFTER MAKING THIS FOR SEVERAL YEARS: Worried that other reviewers said this was bland but needed to rid of the buttermilk, so i tried it anyway. Here's what I did & it came out w/much love from my family! 1st, Grease pan! Definitely mix dry FIRST then liquids in separate bowl. Hand mix only until ingredients are mixed!!!!!! For topping: I double it replacing white sugar with brown sugar. Put half of it in the middle, swirled that w/fork. Put the rest on top. GREAT STUFF esp. when you run into one of the swirls. Next time I will DEFINITELY triple the topping (half in middle, rest on top). My husband HATES sweet things (never eats frosting or sweets), and think it will by no means make it sweet but give a NORMAL amount of swirl in a "cinnamon type bread" you get at the store. Update: I ran out of buttermilk & instead used 1T of lemon juice & filled the rest of the cup with milk & it came out the same (also an acceptable substitution). Raisins also work well in the recipe but not needed. This was such a good recipe! Tastes great and took probably ten minutes to whip together before putting it in the oven. If I were to make any changes, it would be to double or even triple the amount of topping. Would definitely make again! Easy, delicious recipe and while I didn't get a marbled effect like the description indicated this is a great no-fuss bread recipe that pairs well with coffee. Very good bread. I used milk and white vingear to create buttermilk. I think like other reviewers it would be really good with raisins and a glaze on top. turns out good even i don’t use baking powder and i had regular and vinegar…i use brown sugar So easy to throw together, I haven't eaten it yet its still cooling. It took closer to 60:00 mins to cook Haven't had a bite yet but the batter was delicious! I know, not supposed to do it but have been since I was a kid and I'm 79 now. I did add raisins. I didn't have buttermilk. Used ½ cup of sour cream and ½ cup of milk as substitute. It works great. it was delicious… I did not have buttermilk, so I used whole milk and lemon instead of vinegar to make the buttermilk. Then I added 1/2 c of  raisins. It came out so good... I shared it with a couple of my friends  and my husband ate about half of it!  he’s wants another loaf  this morning...I give it at least two thumbs up! I am probably going to make some kind of butter cream topping to go on top of the bread just for a little bit of difference from yesterday’s loaf. I will probably double or triple the topping recipe and add it when I pour it in the loaf pan about halfway and swirl and then add more batter and then swirl again and then put some on top. The first loaf didn’t have enough of the topping towards the bottom of the loaf. Everyone loved the crunchy cinnamon topping but they wished it had more of it. Definitely would make 2 loaves of bread mine ran all over the pan under my bread pan what a mess. Great flavor
