Baby Spinach Omelet
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/69471/baby-spinach-omelet/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Beat eggs in a bowl, and stir in baby spinach and Parmesan cheese. otdash Meredith Food Studio Season with onion powder, nutmeg, salt, and pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Spray a small skillet with cooking spray and place over medium heat. Once warm, add in the egg mixture and cook until partially set, about 3 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Flip with a spatula, and continue cooking, 2 to 3 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Reduce heat to low and continue cooking, 2 to 3 minutes, or until omelet reaches desired doneness. Serve warm and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
What a lovely breakfast. I cut the fat by a huge amount and used four egg whites instead of two whole eggs (1 egg has approximately 5g of fat, vs 1 egg white which has only about 0.2g fat). I used frozen spinach which I cooked before adding to the egg mixture. I used fresh chopped onions instead of onion powder, because I had them on hand so why not? This is a very good basis for a spinach omelet, and you can easily tweak it to your own liking. A great way to incorporate veggies into your diet. All this time I didn’t know my omelets were missing nutmeg!! Life changing! Simple to make. Forgot the nutmeg and cheese but still turned out okay. Really quick and easy to make, and aside from the egg and spinach there's flexibility in what you can put in it - I used cayenne pepper, oregano, garlic powder, and italian spices instead of nutmeg and onion powder, and it turned out great even without parmesan cheese Yum! Sauteed the spinach with diced onion (omitted onion powder) then just scrambled the eggs. Don't omit the nutmeg, it added a nice flavor Pretty good! My first attempt at making a spinach omelet. I sautéed onions and used instead of the onion powder. Even my husband liked it and he wasn’t too keen on the spinach part  before trying it. I’m looking for low cal healthy breakfast options and have never had luck with spinach until now. It’s usually too watery. But washing and drying it, and only using a small amount, keeps the omelet from being too liquid. The Parmesan and spices add a great flavor. I’m making this one again. This is definitely a keeper. So easy and delicious. The nutmeg    is a must. If you add one tbsp water to the egg mixture it makes a fluffier omelet. It's so easy to make. And so yummy! I Recommend it.
