Cinnamon Sour Cream Biscuits
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/6948/cinnamon-sour-cream-biscuits/
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). In a large mixing bowl, combine flour, sugar, cinnamon, baking powder, soda, and salt. Cut in margarine. Make a well in center. Add sour cream, 2 tablespoons milk, and raisins, stirring till just combined (add a bit more milk, if needed). On floured surface, gently knead 8-10 stokes. Pat dough to 1/2" thickness. Cut with biscuit cutter, dipping in flour between cuts. Place on baking sheet. Bake at 450 degrees F (230 degrees C) for 10-12 minutes. Cool slightly on wire racks. Stir together confectioners' sugar and 2 teaspoons milk. Drizzle over biscuits. Sprinkle with additional cinnamon and sugar, if desired.
OUTSTANDING!!! I've made these biscuits twice already, and here's a great tip for you: they turn out the same whether you use sour cream or plain yogurt! I ran out of sour cream, but wanted to make these so I used some plain yogurt. The only difference was that when I used the yogurt, I omitted the 2T of milk. Since yogurt is so "moist," I didn't need it. I also omitted the raisins both times because we never keep 'em around the house. I also doubled the sugar, cinnamon, and salt, and used butter instead of margarine. The icing is great to top these off with, so don't leave it out. I love this recipe. The biscuits are moist and soft, they keep well for atleast 3 days, and they reheat well. I usually cook mine at 390 for about 22 minutes or so on the VERY TOP rack. MMMMMM MMMMM. This one's a keeper!!! 4.5 stars.  I doubled the cinnamon and used 3T. sugar in the batter.  Sprinkled cinnamon and sugar on the biscuits before baking and a bit again over the icing.  They are a better version of the Hardee's biscuit. I had my 13 year old make these and they turned out fantastic! It was a great use for sour cream that had frozen. I have made this recipe twice. In the first time a made mixing by hand and the biscuits were very soft and delicious, second time I made with my electric mixer and the biscuits were hard and whitered. I think I over mixed it. made as written except I like and added a squeeze of lemon in my icing great biscuits I used plain yogurt in place of sour cream (none on hand). Doubled the cinnamon in the biscuits. Wow!! Yum mo!! We love these biscuits! A favorite recipe. Light and fluffy, with a light cinnamon flavor. (I leave out the raisins because most of us don't like them.) I've been making them for years, and they always turn out perfect. They are great even without the icing! With the icing, I serve at the end of the meal, and my kids consider these dessert. I always double the batch so my four kids can have leftovers for breakfast the next day. (Sometimes they even save me one!) Still very good the next day, aside from the fact that the icing gets soft, which doesn't bother us at all. I doubled the sugar and cinnamon as suggested. Fantastic! I left the raisins out since I didn't have any and was going to substitute them for chocolate chips but forgot about until they were done but they still turned out delicious and were very addictive Just about the easiest and best biscuit recipe I've tried in quite a while.  Made it exactly as written and they turned out great.  Had them with fried bacon, an egg and some cranberry sauce slathered on them.  I wouldn't change a thing.
