Egg Butter
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/70019/egg-butter/
Place the eggs into a saucepan in a single layer and fill with water to cover the eggs by 1 inch. Cover the saucepan and bring the water to a boil over high heat. Once the water is boiling, remove from the heat and let the eggs stand in the hot water for 15 minutes. Cool the eggs under cold running water. Peel, and remove yolks from white. Chop yolks; reserve whites for another use. Beat butter in a large bowl until soft and fluffy. Mix in the egg yolks, cayenne pepper, and Worcestershire sauce. Beat until smooth.
This is not bad. I boiled about 20 eggs last night bc bf decided to buy more eggs at Costco even though we already had eggs. So, I was looking through egg recipes for already boiled eggs and I wasn't finding much more than egg salad or deviled eggs. So when I came on this one I was intrigued. It seems a bit weird but I'm okay with the ingredients (sans butter--my tummy doesn't do well with it, so I always sub margarine). So I decided to try it, just subbing margarine and scaling it to one serving. I didn't use my mixer bc I was making one serving, and we use the spreadable margarine. It was the perfect amount for one slice of bread, and it really isn't bad. It tastes like margarine (would be butter if you use that obviously) with a little bit of egg yolk and spice in it. I wouldn't make it every day, but it's a fun little snack. Thanks for the recipe! This is not bad.  I boiled about 20 eggs last night bc bf decided to buy more eggs at Costco even though we already had eggs.  So, I was looking through egg recipes for already boiled eggs and I wasn't finding much more than egg salad or deviled eggs.  So when I came on this one I was intrigued.  It seems a bit weird but I'm okay with the ingredients (sans butter--my tummy doesn't do well with it, so I always sub margarine).  So I decided to try it, just subbing margarine and scaling it to one serving.  I didn't use my mixer bc I was making one serving, and we use the spreadable margarine.  It was the perfect amount for one slice of bread, and it really isn't bad.  It tastes like margarine (would be butter if you use that obviously) with a little bit of egg yolk and spice in it.  I wouldn't make it every day, but it's a fun little snack.  Thanks for the recipe!
