Chinese Steamed Buns
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/7011/chinese-steamed-buns/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix together 1/4 cup flour, 1/4 cup warm water, yeast, and 1 teaspoon sugar in a large bowl. Allow to sit for 30 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix in remaining 1 1/2 cups flour, remaining 1/2 cup warm water, 2 tablespoons sugar, vegetable oil, and salt. Knead until dough is smooth and elastic. otdash Meredith Food Studio Transfer to a greased bowl, roll to coat with oil, and let sit until tripled in size, 2 1/2 to 3 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio Punch down dough and spread out on a floured board. Sprinkle baking powder evenly on surface of dough; knead for 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Divide dough in half; set aside one half in a covered bowl. Divide remaining half into 12 equal pieces. otdash Meredith Food Studio Shape each into a ball; transfer each ball to a small square of waxed paper with the smooth surface facing up. Repeat portioning and shaping with remaining dough half. Cover all 24 dough balls and let sit until doubled in size, about 30 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bring some water to a boil in a wok, then reduce heat to medium and keep water at a low boil. Place the steam plate on a small wire rack in the middle of the wok, leaving at least 2 inches of space between the plate and the wok. Working in batches, place buns on waxed paper squares onto the steam plate, leaving 1 to 2 inches between buns. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cover and steam buns for 15 minutes. Carefully remove the lid, so condensation doesn't drip onto buns. Continue steaming remaining buns until all are cooked. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I haven't made these yet, but I just wanted to point out that you can throw leftovers in the freezer and freeze them for long periods of time. When you're ready to eat them, just put them in the refrigerator to thaw at least overnight and steam them for 10-15min. If you only want to eat a couple at a time, just fill a high saucepan with one inch water, put a wire rack at the center and steam the buns directly on the rack, or on a small saucer. DO NOT let the buns touch the water. Another alternative is to fry the leftover buns and serve them with condensed milk - the way traditional Chinese people eat them. i used a little cornstarch in the flour which gave it a wonderful texture. i however only could make 12 stuffed steam buns. Not the 24 the recipe states. Have tried countless of recipes. This one is the one the one I’m keeping and making over and over again! Love that it’s so fluffy and also easier to handle than other recipes I’ve tried! So happy with this one! I gave it a five star because the inside was delicious and I couldn't stop eating it after all I ate the most in my whole family! Really good recipe! I did have to add a little more flour but it came out to be the best recipe I've tried and I've made these buns many times. Didn't have any baking powder but they still came out great! we followed the recipe and just as one commentator wrote, needed much more  flour on the initial mix. Not a good sign.The buns came out okay, I guess. Will freeze the remainder to repurpose. For what have no clue yet.  bake them for croutons?and to top it off too time consuming, but we knew that going in. 4hours? Won't be doing this recipe again. It took all day but I finally finished! I took everyone's recommendation of adding some baking soda to counteract any bitterness and it worked like a charm! I will admit the wait times are kind of unnecessary. I ended up skipping the last 30 minute rise.I did a beef bulgogi recipe (Called beef bowl on another site) with both ground pork and leftover chicken leg for the filling and it was pretty good.This recipe is in a lot of other places and it takes a LOT less time to rise. The taste was good but I attribute it to my stellar filling recipe. I made it in my rice cooker and it was pretty good. The only complaint I have is the rising time is a bit overkill considering many other variations and ended up being an all day task. Would make it again all in all! I had to add more flour to the recipe  about 1/2 cup more. So it is not so sticky. This is a great recipe starter. Love it. Unless I did something wrong in the making, my family did not like these plain steamed buns.   The plain bun was very bland with very little taste, and in fact, several of the family noted something bitter.. I wonder if that addition of baking powder at the end caused that.  We ended up splitting them, toasting them and eating with butter and sugar - they were enjoyable then, but as a plain bun, I think the dough should have been more tasty.  I won't make it again. Made great buns. Ensure you roll out dough evenly when adding filling. Otherwise you will end up with transparent dough ok one side and thick bread on the other.
