Easy Baked Tilapia
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/70163/easy-baked-tilapia/
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees F). Grease a 9x13-inch baking dish. Place tilapia fillets in the bottom of the baking dish, then dot with butter and season with garlic salt and seafood seasoning. Top each fillet with a slice or two of lemon. Arrange frozen mixed vegetables around fillets and season lightly with salt and pepper. Cover the dish with aluminum foil. Bake in the preheated oven until vegetables are tender and fish flakes easily with a fork, 25 to 30 minutes. Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
This is the best fish I have ever had. I didn't use measurements, but I used extra virgin olive oil as my base and to that I added old bay seasoning, garlic powder, seasoned salt and dry parsley flakes. I brushed that on my tilapia and placed a lemon slice on each fish and then squeezed fresh lemon juice on top and baked covered at 350 for 25 minutes.  Awful. Frozen vegetables were not ready in 25 minutes and exuded too much water. It took about 40 minutes to cook and was then soggy. Won’t do this one again. Vegetables undercooked while tilapia is overcooked. It was so easy!  Great recipe!  Thank you and will be cooking for a Group Soon! This is the easiest, tastiest way for quick baked tilapia, and the frozen veggie trick is brilliant. the fish comes out super moist and it tastes very good with the frozen veggies ( I used kirkland frozen  stir fry variety blend) I used old bay with some garlic powder and fresh lemon slices & butter…. YUMMY!!! I like tilapia and getting ready to bake some for dinner. However, I just cannot imagine the juices that come from the tilapia make vegetables taste good.  Also, the tilapia would cook SO much faster than the vegetables.  Sorry, but I find the reviews very difficult to believe - and I cook fish, including tilapia. a LOT. i thought this was a very easy and great tasting recipe we loved it Easy breezy lemon squeezy! Best tilapia recipe yet. So easy, so tasty. A true winner. Easy to make and dekicious. I made changes according to reviews - used 4 pieces of tilapia in a 9 by 13 pan and presoaked the fish in italian dressing - it took 1 hr for my fish and frozen veggies to be done.  Yes I put all the italian dressing in with the fish and veggies - added the lemon juice and Old bay seasoning before cooking - it was good and served the juice over rice.
