French Toast
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/7016/french-toast-i/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Whisk milk, eggs, vanilla, cinnamon, and salt together in a shallow bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Lightly butter a griddle or skillet and heat over medium-high heat. Dunk bread in the egg mixture, soaking both sides. otdash Meredith Food Studio Transfer to the hot skillet and cook until golden, 3 to 4 minutes per side. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO
This is a great, simple recipe for french toast. If your using thicker bread or are soaking the bread for a while, I would suggest covering the griddle or pan with a lid. This will cook the inside of the bread, making it less soggy....I also prefer to use butter or margarine in the pan rather than oil, gives it more flavor. A bit of an improvise - I used leftover Olive Garden breadsticks, light agave syrup as my sweetner and a dash of salt. I didnt have cinnamon or vanila. For syrup, I used leftover mebrillo that I added water to make a syrup. Savory and sweet, delicious and used up my leftovers! I used fresh brioche from the deli and it was amazing. When I went back, they were out, so I used Sara Lee artesano bakery bread the second time I made this. It was still really good, but nothing compares to fresh bread. The better quality bread, the better the results will be. I don't have nutmeg, so I used pumpkin pie spice as a substitute. I used oil spray for the pan and it did not stick at all. I used powdered sugar and syrup on top. Great French toast recipe,. Only had whipping cream, so subbed it for milk. Used panettone for some, regular bread for some. Lots of request for seconds on all. Also, if you’re like me and don’t like eggy flavor, just lightly dip flat on surface on both sides, rather than soaking. I used cinnamon ,vanilla and a pinch of nutmeg. I buttered then added à sprinkle of icing sugar then maple syrup.We loved it. Thank you Great basic to go to french toastOf course all the optional ingredients go I .I used Irish soda bread to bring this over the top. Great, simple recipe! I added all the spices, and my nine year olds' football team buddies couldn't get enough. Stir before you dunk the bread and just barely dunk it. Double the recipe and do a whole loaf of thick bread. Classic French toast recipe! I love it! The only thing I change is adding cinnamon sugar to both sides of my toast. Very good and easy. I used Penzey's Apple Pie spice mix (two types of cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves, and mace)for added flavor. Will make this again. This is an excellent recipe and very easy. Consider adding a little dark brown sugar to the recipe. It does not take much. Maybe a couple pinches but adds a little layer of sweetness. Enjoy! Very quick and tasty. I don't know why these people thought it took so long to cook... I did med-high heat, and turned the heat on before starting to prepare the batter. Hot pan led to fast results. This was reminiscent of French toast of my childhood. PERFECT!!! I used a French bagged rather than white bread and it was SUPER TASTY!!! Not to self…make thinner slices. it is so good Great. I cut recipe in half and used sourdough from the store. I’m so going to make this a lot more fun and easy to make I love cooking so this is a great breakfast❤️😊😄 Very easy to make. I like my French toast sweeter so I added more cinnamon to it and it was perfect!
