Galaktoboureko
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/70320/galaktoboureko/
Whisk 1 cup sugar, semolina, cornstarch, and salt together in a medium bowl until no cornstarch clumps remain. Bring milk to a boil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Gradually stir in semolina mixture with a wooden spoon. Cook, stirring constantly, until mixture thickens and comes to a full boil. Remove from the heat and keep warm. Beat eggs in a large bowl with an electric mixer on high speed. Add 1/2 cup sugar and beat for a full 10 minutes until thick and pale. Stir in vanilla. Fold mixture into the hot semolina mixture. Partially cover the pan and set aside to cool. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Butter a 9x13-inch baking dish. Place one phyllo sheet into the pan and brush with melted butter; repeat with six more sheets. Pour custard into the pan, then add the remaining phyllo sheets, one at a time, brushing each with butter. Bake in the preheated oven until top crust is crisp and custard filling has set, 40 to 45 minutes. When the custard is just about finished baking, stir remaining 1 cup sugar and water together in a small saucepan; bring to a boil. Remove custard from the oven and spoon hot syrup over top, particularly around the edges. Let cool to room temperature, then cut into 16 squares and serve.
I made a big Greek dinner and wanted to do a dessert but was sick of Baklava so I tried this recipe. It was excellent and I highly recommened it. I made a half batch in a 8X8 pan and it still turned out beautifully. Thanks for the great recipe GapGirl! I’m an CIA grad from 1984 and this is an excellent recipe.  If you prefer a bit more crust, use 9 sheets of Phyllo on the top and bottom. This is a great recipe.  Since there is no Farina or Semolina in the stores I used cream of wheat. The milk should be warm when adding the cream of wheat, and should not be brought to boil, but very hot, otherwise it will be lumpy.  It was delicious. This is my favorite galactobourecko recipe.  I have made several.  The end result is a fluffy, souffle-like custard filling. You have to whip the eggs and sugar for the full 10 min as the recipe states, but it is worth it.  I add rose water to my simple syrup, and pour cool syrup over individual pieces on their serving dish.One major caveat- this recipe probably dates back to the days of unpasteurised milk, hence the instruction to first boil the milk.  Trying to stir semolina and cornstarch into hot milk results in a lumpy disaster.I start mine like most modern custards, with the semolina, cornstarch, sugar and salt wisked together in the pan, then wisk in the cold milk and continue whisking while bringing it to a boil.  Simply the best galactoboureko! Too much sugar. Too many eggs.    The custard was too thick. Don't use this recipe. I think it's the corn starch which makes the custard awful. I love this but not this recipe!!! I used to work at a greek family owned restaurant and the owner would make this often The only thing she did differently was add orange juice and zest to the syrup. It was amazing!! Is it traditional to add orange, or was that her own twist We loved this. I used Cream of Wheat that I ran through the BlendTec to powder it  and have since bought a bag of the proper semolina at the Italian grocery store. I read a lot of the comments and next time will add the half lemon and a cinnamon stick to the syrup. I had infused saffron into the syrup (soaked some threads into a tiny bit of water and added to the syrup when it was done). My phyllo was definitely room temp and I only put the 7 layers on the bottom of the pan and had a lot more on top, using the phyllo up. The melted butter was the perfect amount of butter - no leftover and didn't have to melt more. As this was my first time making it I really wanted to try it before it was served, but no need, this recipe is easy and delicious!!! And I have already had to share it! I accidentally submitted my previous review before I was finished. This was delicious. My kid asked for it for her birthday because she likes custard, doesn’t like cake, and had requested dolmas for her bday meal. I was making her an entire feast. I had to special order the semolina since no where had it. I *always* try a recipe “as written” the first time. I was concerned about the sugar water at the end, but I went against everything in me and spooned it on anyway. Once it was cooled, the sugar water soaked in and you couldn’t even tell you’d done it by the looks of it. It is sweet, but no one thought it was too much. It’s dessert, after all. I also don’t tend to like sweet things much, but this didn’t even bother me. All in all, I’d make it again for a special occasion. Really good but a bit too sweet compared to the other ones I’ve had,next time I will use half the sugar in the custard
