Amish Friendship Bread Starter
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/7063/amish-friendship-bread-starter/
Dissolve yeast in warm water in a small bowl; let stand until foamy, about 10 minutes. Combine 1 cup flour and 1 cup sugar in a 2-quart container (glass, plastic, or ceramic); mix thoroughly. Stir in 1 cup milk and yeast mixture. Cover the container loosely and leave at room temperature until bubbly. This is day 1 of the 10-day process. Days 2 through 4: Stir starter with a spoon. Day 5: Stir in 1 cup flour, 1 cup sugar, and 1 cup milk. Days 6 through 9: Stir starter with a spoon. Day 10: Stir in remaining 1 cup flour, 1 cup sugar, and 1 cup milk. Remove 1 cup starter to make your first bread. Give 2 cups starter to friends (1 cup each) along with this recipe and your favorite Amish bread recipe. Store remaining 1 cup starter in a container in the refrigerator or begin the 10-day process over again (beginning with step 2).
THIS IS THE RECIPE/NOTES THAT I GOT WITH THE BREAD THAT WAS PASSED TO ME AND IT'S QUITE DIFFERENT SO I'M CURIOUS HOW MUCH IT MATTERS???Please note the following:Do not use any type of metal spoon or bowl.Do not refrigerate.If air gets into the bag, let it out.It is normal for the batter to rise and ferment. Day 1: Do nothing, this is the day you receive the batter. The bag is dated. Day 2: Mash the bag Day 3: Mash the bag Day 4: Mash the bag Day 5: Mash the bag Day 6: Add to the bag :1 C. flour 1 C. sugar and 1 C. cold milk. Mash the bag. Day 7: Mash the bag Day 8: Mash the bag Day 9: Mash the bag Day 10: Follow the directions below:  1. Pour the entire contents of the bag into a Non Metal Bowl. 2. Add 1 1/2 C. flour, 1 1/2 C. of sugar, 1 1/2 C. of milk 3. Measure out 4 separate batters (1 cup each) into 4 Ziplock (1 gallon bags).  Keep a starter bag for yourself and give 3 to friends with a copy of the recipe. Note: If you keep a starter for yourself you will be baking every 10 days.Baking Instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. 2. To the remaining batter in the bowl add:  3 eggs 1 cup of oil 1/2 cup of milk 1 cup of sugar 2 tsp. of cinnamon 1/2 tsp. of vanilla 1 1/2 tsp. of baking powder 1/2 tsp. of baking soda 1/2 tsp. of salt 2 cups of flour 2 small boxes of pudding (optional) 1 cup of chopped nuts, raisins, dried fruit or chocolate chips 3. Grease 2 large loaf pans(may need 3 medium sized loaf pans) 4. Mix into separ I will try this recipe, because I have had it before but I have never had to start from the complete beginning. This is a great riecipe you talking nothing but pure goodness . Someone had given me a friend ship packet and made it was gift giving it to and they was asking for more . Bu my last  packet that  had gone bad and I didn’t know how to star a the one but now I got it and I will do it again . Easy to follow and definitely worth the effort! This is such a fun thing to do and makes the best breads and cookies! The best part of all is the sharing! Give it a try and you'll be glad you did! I am! No just got started Loved it!!❤️😋 Made one loaf so far. Getting ready for my 2nd. I’d like to find more suggestions for variations. I’m not very creative.
