Taqueria-Style Tacos - Carne Asada
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/70935/taqueria-style-tacos-carne-asada/
Lay flank steak in a large glass baking dish. Make the marinade: Whisk soy sauce, oil, vinegar, 4 cloves of garlic, juice of two limes, salt, black pepper, white pepper, garlic powder, chili powder, oregano, cumin, and paprika together in a bowl until well blended; pour over steak, turning to coat both sides. Cover the dish with plastic wrap and marinate in the refrigerator for 1 to 8 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio Make the relish: Stir onion, cilantro, and lime juice together in a small bowl. Set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Make the salsa: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Heat a skillet over medium-high heat. Add chile pods and toast for a few minutes; transfer pods to a bowl of water and soak for 30 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place tomatoes, 1 onion, 4 cloves of garlic, and jalapeños onto a baking sheet. Roast in the preheated oven until vegetables are toasted, about 20 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Transfer vegetables into a blender or food processor. Add soaked chiles, salt, and pepper; puree until smooth. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove steak from the marinade and shake off excess. Discard the remaining marinade. Cut the marinated flank steak into cubes or strips. Heat vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add steak; cook and stir until cooked through and most of the liquid has evaporated. otdash Meredith Food Studio Warm tortillas in a dry skillet over low heat for about a minute on each side. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place some steak on each tortilla; top with relish and prepared salsa. Sprinkle with cotija cheese. Garnish with lime wedges and serve.
4/29/07-I made this again last night & made some alterations to the recipe...and it was FABULOUS! It is now a 5 star recipe for us. With the changes I made it now tastes like authentic carne asada. My husband & our friend were raving about it. I decreased the amount of soy sauce to 1/3 cup & used half reg/half low sodium. I decreased the vinegar to 1/4 cup. I omitted the lime juice & instead used 1/3 cup low acid orange juice & the juice from half a lg lemon. I decreased the oil to 1/3 cup (half olive, half vegetable). I used flap meat. Original review from 3/07: This is a great marinade. The reason I only gave it four stars is because this did not taste like "authentic" carne asada. We live in San Diego Co, 10 mi. north of the Tijuana border & regularly travel deep into Baja. We've also lived in AZ just a few mi. from the MX border. We've never had carne asada that tasted like this. We'll keep looking for that perfect carne asada recipe. I used half low sodium soy sauce, and half regular soy sauce, and I decreased the salt just a bit. The level of saltiness came out just right. I also increased the recipe to serve 24 people (plus added an additional pound of meat to that) for a party of 15 adults (13 were Marines)& there were no leftovers. I used flap steak (from Costco)...very tender, & although it was really marbled, there were no chunks of fat in it. I liked this a lot more than I thought I would but I am not sure if it is authentic but it is good I would recommend. Loved it!  this carna asada marinade is my new go-to for taco night Well I have been making this for almost 2 years now. It is ,,awesome! The only thing that I do different is I buy the thin sliced cuts of meat at Walyworld, its easier and cheaper as flank steak here is very expensive. I also marinate it over night, Thank you for sharing this recipe! I made this for Taco Tuesday and it was a huge hit! The marinade was absolutely spot-on delicious, and the toppings were just right, although I did add a bit of lime juice (about a tablespoon) to the salsa. I must confess that I almost wanted to throw the meat on the grill instead of cooking it in the iron skillet, but I decided to follow the directions- I am so glad I did! The meat turned out tender, juicy, and didn't require much time to cook at all. Will definitely repeat! Great Recipe!  I did it with Skirt Steak and let is sit for 5-4 hours.  Flavor was aresome! I've made this easily 20 times and everyone loves it. I'm gluten-free so I now make it with coconut aminos,  and double the amount of dry spices, but otherwise I follow the recipe exactly as is. This is the carne asada recipe you've been looking for. Followed exactly minus the salsa - as I already have homemade salsa to use - so skipped steps 4 & 5. But the meat and onion relish? Made exactly and this is AWESOME!!! Authentic? I don’t know and don’t care because this was so delish! I did sauté a red pepper and thinly sliced jalapeño to top. Will absolutely make again. Thank YOU stanicks!! Great recipe for carna asada!  Marinade made the texture of the flank steak perfect.  It had great flavor too.  Note to self, cut the chunks smaller - bite size or smaller.   Next time, I would cook the jalapeno, onion, and garlic with some oil and use as a garnish and I would skip making it into the salsa.  It was a  lot of extra ingredients, steps, and the taste wasn't worth it.  The cilantro, onion, lime mixture was great but we didn't need as much as was called for.  Overall, the recipe is about the marinade and meat and that was awesome!
