Siopao (Filipino Steamed Dumplings)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/71067/siopao-filipino-steamed-dumplings/
Dissolve yeast in the water; stir in the sugar and beat in 2 1/2 cups of rice flour to make a soft sponge. Set aside in a warm place to double in bulk, about 40 minutes. Mix in 2 more cups of rice flour and 1/4 cup of shortening and place the dough on a greased work surface; knead in the remaining 1/4 cup of shortening to make a smooth dough. Cut the dough into 15 equal-sized pieces; form each piece into a ball. Heat the vegetable oil in a skillet over medium heat; cook and stir the onion and garlic in the hot oil until translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in the chicken, soy sauce, 2 teaspoons of sugar, green onion, salt, and pepper. If the mixture is juicy, add cornstarch to thicken. Working on a lightly greased work surface, flatten a dough ball into a circle about 4 inches in diameter with the heel of your hand. Place about 1 tablespoon of filling into the center of the dough ball, bring the edges of the dough together at the top, and pinch and twist to seal in the filling. Place each filled dumpling onto waxed paper with the pinched seal at the bottom while you finish the rest of the dumplings. Spray a multi-layered bamboo steamer with cooking spray, place the steamer on top of a large saucepan, and pour in water to several inches below the steamer. Bring the water to a boil. Working in several batches, place 3 or 4 filled buns into each steamer layer without letting the buns touch each other or the edge of the steamer, cover the steamer, and let the buns steam over medium-low heat until puffy and the dough is springy, about 15 minutes per batch. Serve warm.
You're right, this is not an easy recipe! However, if you have siopao finatics, as I do, it is well worth the effort. I made this for my Filipino husband for our 28th anniversary. He assures me there will be 28 more!! Thank you for sharing and for such clear instructions. easy and tastes really good. everyone loved them! I'm a proficient cook and baker-- this dough recipe is garbage. If this was supposed to be glutinous rice flour then that should be stated.The resulting steam bun was hard, grainy, and lacked flavor. First time trying steamed dumplings and this recipe. Tried to carefully follow the directions but the dough turned out crumbly and difficult to work with even after adding water. Managed to get a few filled with a chicken and rice mixture we mixed up using the ingredients this recipe called for as a guide. They turned out dense and dry but the flavor of the dumpling dough and the filling were tasty. Unfortunately, because of the failed dough I can only give two stars. I will look for a different recipe to try next time. One that doesn’t have other reviewers say they ended up with crumbly dough. Even with reserving my usual 1 cup dry, the resulting dough came out like a gritty lump. Adding sufficient water to help allow the rice flour to hydrate over the course of an hour produced a much better look, feel and spreadability to the dough. Even with this, the dough simply has no ability to hold itself together, the best comparison I can make is kinetic sand. I steamed a couple rolled pieces to see how it would hold together before risking a meal on this and it was what I expected. A flat, hard, textureless plank that fell apart immediately after being removed from the paper. Attempted this recipe twice and it didn't turn out well either try. The first time, I followed the recipe exactly except that I did not have a bamboo steamer and used a regular metal steaming pot. They were so dense and dry but the filling was good. So, thinking it may have just been the type of steamer, I got the recommended type and tried again. They were less dry but still super dense. Giving it 2 stars only because of the decent filling. Uh oh. What happened? Dough balls split apart when handling and then again when trying to remove them from the steamer. They taste similar to the ones I had in China, but a little grittier. I made a smaller batch, using my bread dough recipe.   Followed the filling recipe except I used chopped raw chicken tenders. Everyone love it! This recipe is certainly missing something. I downloaded it and followed the directions to a "T" and would up with piles of rice flour goo. I'm so upset at spending $50 on ingredients only to have my entire meal end up in the trash can. Flavor is great but dough was sooo crumbly. I just read now that I may have added too much flour - so I’ll make it again my house smelled amazing though). Also instead of chicken I used carrots and leeks cause I’m vegan and used tamari sauce to make it gf. I also baked it (should have steamed as it was my first time but got tired lol). It had the texture of monay but the inside with the filling was nice and soft. Overall I think recipe is great and appreciate you sharing. Will try to make it again tomorrow if I have the energy. Thanks!
