Banana Bread - Quick Bread for Machines
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/7116/banana-bread-quick-bread-for-machines/
Place bananas, flour, sugar, eggs, oil, baking powder, and baking soda in the pan of the bread machine. Select Dough setting; press Start. Mix dough until well combined and bananas are mashed, 3 to 5 minutes. Use a rubber spatula to push dough from the sides of the bread pan if necessary. Press Stop, then smooth out the top of the loaf with a rubber spatula. Select Bake setting; press Start. Bake in the bread machine until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 50 minutes. If there is batter on the toothpick, reset the machine on Bake and continue baking for 10 to 15 minutes. Remove the pan from the machine. Allow bread to remain in the pan for 10 minutes before transferring it to a wire rack to cool completely.
Indescribably delicious! I usually make banana bread by hand, so I was a touch skeptical about using the bread machine, but it came out dense and golden and smelled wonderful while baking. I began with the recipe Dee provided, then I added an extra banana, 1/2 tsp. ground cinnamon, a splash of vanilla, and in lieu of nuts, a heaping tbsp. of poppy seeds. I also added 4 oz. of plain applesauce (one of those individual cups). I used a Breadman Rapid Deluxe machine, which does not allow you to stop and then bake. Instead, I used the 1 pound setting and the "fruit/nut bread" option. It takes about 3 hours and 15 minutes to produce the loaf, but it mixes and stops and mixes and stops: the actual baking part is about an hour long. The banana bread had a more cakelike than breadlike texture (due to the addition of the applesauce) and was very dense, but oh so good! I love the ease and convenience of this recipe and I will use it often. A word of caution: use a rubber spatula to scrape the corners during the mixing phase to integrate all of the flour (be careful of the machine's mixing paddle), or some of the dry ingredients may get stuck in the corners of the pan. Enjoy! Made on a dual paddle machine. This bread came out very good but after the first loaf I made some changes. 3 bananas vs. 2, 1C brown sugar vs. 3/4C white sugar, 4Tbs of butter vs. 3Tbs oil. Really made it tasty. And, once everybody got their fill of banana bread, I swapped out the bananas for 1C applesauce. It came out great, a little taller than the banana bread but same texture. BTW, I am at 5000'. Added walnuts was great This recipe is good for the ingredients and measurements. It needs flavor in it and the bananas for my machine need to be mashed up for my machine otherwise it was well for the 1st time. Delicious! Moist, full of flavour, and Easy!! Loved the recipe! Added walnuts, cinnamon and mixed brown sugar with the white! looks good and smells  excellent while baking.I will have to mix  it better next time, a bit of flour on the bottom. I tried it and very good. I used whole wheat flour. I have the master chef bread maker . I would mash the bananas next time . I added cinnamon and a splash of milk maybe just less than  1/4  cup after reading some reviews it was dry. I baked for 65 minutes ( 1 hr bake time pressed bake again and just stopped it after 5) it makes a cute little loaf . Next time I may add some apple sauce instead of milk because seems like lots of sugar for the small amount of bread but otherwise good first banana bread recipe in the maker . If you want an easy bread with less dishes or when you are busy to have the oven on . Otherwise make your normal oven recipe.
