Cedar Plank Salmon
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/71193/cedar-plank-salmon/
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Combine brown sugar, sesame oil, sesame seeds, and dill in a small bowl. Mix in water, a little at a time, adding just enough to make the mixture liquid. Stir in soy sauce and pepper. Place salmon fillets, skin-side down, onto the soaked cedar plank. Spoon sugar mixture evenly over fillets to fully coat. Place cedar plank directly on a rack in the preheated oven; bake until fish flakes easily with a fork, 30 to 40 minutes.
I've made this recipe several times now... mostly at the request of my wife. When I say 'several times', I mean about twice a week for a month. This was my first cedar plank recipe and I was very pleased with the results. What an incredible flavor! Thank you. Very good recipe! Surprisingly great taste using everyday pantry items. I will definitely make this again. My husband said it was the best salmon I had ever made. I grilled it but next time I think I’ll try it in the oven. I didn’t realize it could be done in the oven. Great recipe! Amazing came out a little salty tasting maybe would be ideal with a low sodium soy sauce if you are are on a low salt diet or just don’t like salt. Good, but Ichanged the recipe pretty significantly cause my mom doesn't like brown sugar, so you shouldn't judge the recipe based on my review. I added some paprika and harissa and cut back the brown sugar to a third. Definitely a 10 star recipe. I didn't add water since I used the optional soy sauce. I baked the salmon in my toaster oven lined with parchment paper to catch the delicious marinade. I baked for 35 minutes until my salmon reached 140 degrees. After resting 5 minutes, it was ready to eat...yum! Excellent!!!! Right by the Recipe.  Tasted great. I will make it again if I buy a salmon with a cedar plank. It was so good!!!! I made it for my mom on Mother's day and it turned out perfect! This recipe was perfect! My whole family enjoyed it - will definitely make again!
