Sesame-Seared Tuna
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/71698/sesame-seared-tuna/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir together soy sauce, sesame oil, mirin, and honey in a small bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour half into a separate small bowl, stir in rice wine vinegar, and set it aside as a dipping sauce. otdash Meredith Food Studio Spread sesame seeds out on a plate. Coat tuna steaks with remaining soy sauce mixture, then press into sesame seeds to coat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat olive oil in a cast iron skillet over high heat until very hot. Place steaks in the pan; sear for about 30 seconds on each side. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve with dipping sauce and wasabi paste. otdash Meredith Food Studio
This was a great recipe, with some recommendations. I added a little more honey, less sesame oil(would use a tablespoon or less), definitely used mirin, soy sauce(low sodium - it's what I have) and rice wine vinegar. Some wasabi paste added to the marinade and dipping sauce is a must for some zip. I cut the steaks so that they are about 1/2 to 3/4" thick and sear for about 40 seconds. If they are thicker they burn before they even cook a little - I like them pink, not red in the middle. Preheat cast iron, but be sure to turn down the head to medium high or you will have smoke and smoke alarms going off. Sesame Seeds - don't bother - I've tried it both ways, they don't add much, and they pop all over the place when you sear the steaks and make a mess. ( I lightly toasted them first - so if you have to have them - toast them, then dip the seared steaks just before you serve, and save yourself a lot of clean up. I served with plain rice or long grain and wild rice. Great to sop up the dipping sauce. I’ve made this dish many times and love it. I saw one review suggesting cutting the tuna fillets into flatter cuts and omitting the sesame seeds. Different strokes for different folks. I have no difficulty in controlling the doneness of the fish cooking it in my ancient cast iron skillet. Of course, my desired degree of doneness is in the range of rare to medium rare. I have never had a problem with the imbedded sesame seeds popping. I will say that I back off the soy a bit. I find the soy can overwhelm the flavor of the tuna if one is not careful. To get the full impact of the dish don’t overcook the fish. It is difficult to raise 'rare' fish to my lips, but had I cooked it any longer it would be dry and not nearly as good.  So YES keep it pink it is DELICIOUS! Followed directions to a tee, my frying pan caught on fire Absolutely delectable! Hubby caught gulf-fresh blackfin, and this recipe rocked our tastebuds! Just a little bit of Heaven on Earth! I loved it! Followed recipe exactly. Always wanted to make tuna this way and glad I discovered this recipe! My go to recipe for seared tuna. I love the easiness of getting this meal together. Love the flavours. I always serve it with Wakame Salad, pickled ginger, wasabi and Schrachi sauce. Very easy and delicious Always using it with tuna This recipe is absolutely 💯  amazing!!!  My husband and I can not get enough of this flavor!!
