Banana Chai Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/7175/banana-chai-bread/
In a medium bowl mix together flour, baking powder, and salt. In a separate bowl mix sugar, cream cheese, and eggs until light and fluffy. Mix mashed bananas and Chai into cream cheese mixture. Add flour mixture and mix until smooth. Pour mixture into a greased 9x5 inch loaf pan. Bake in a preheated 350 degree F(175 degrees C) oven for 60 minutes. Cool on rack. Remove from pan after 10 minutes.
Great recipe.What I did was reduced the baking powderto a teaspoon, added more banana, andupped the chai. I took the advice of some of the other posters and when Iadded the chai, I warmed my pre-packaged chai and added three chai teabags to strengthen the chai taste.Interesting recipe, but surprizinglywonderful. I recieved many complementson this recipe. Cooked faster than expected. Delicious! Served iced with chocolate chai buttercream frosting. It tastes good, but I don't taste the chai. Next time I will add my own spices instead of the tea. I have had this recipe in my recipe box for years now. Sometimes you want something a bit different. We all love it. I don't think it will be deleted for my box. It's nice and we loved it This is my go to banana bread. Everyone loves it! This has been a staple in my recipe box for years.  The cream cheese gives such a different texture.  I do like to add some extra cardamon and cinnamon. This seemed like a lot of effort for what you got.  Don't get me wrong it tasted fine, but it would have been much easier just to toss in some spices (allspice, cinnamon, cadamom, ginger ect.) insteading of messing around with chai tea. My first banana bread. I loved it. Very moist. I didn't measure the banana, I just smashed up 2 and added it to the batter. I covered the entire loaf with foil after 30 mins so it didn't get to dark. I can't really say I can taste the chai. I added 3 chai teabags to 1/3c hot water and let steep for an hour. Next time I will figure out a way to add a more concentrated chai. Underwhelmed...the flavor was kind of weak. I used butter instead of cream cheese due to not having cream cheese in my fridge at the time. I also used vanilla chia tea. I baked the bread in little star molds. This recipe is top notch! I already have requests from friends and family to make these again! Everyone loves them.
