Quick and Easy Home Fries
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/71803/quick-and-easy-home-fries/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Rinse potato cubes with cold water and drain well. otdash Meredith Food Studio Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Place potatoes in the skillet and season with salt and pepper; mix well. Cover and cook for 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove the lid and cook, turning frequently, until brown and crisp on all sides, about 10 more minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
If you like your potatoes crisp you must add your favorite oil to this recipe either with or without butter and don't cover. The potatoes will brown their best if you don't 'play with them', just let them cook/brown turning occasionally, also for a little added flavor add a little garlic salt and onion powder. Easy to make, great flavor! Don't use this recipe, most of the high reviews that aren't bots, changed the recipe themselves by adding oil/water but still left 4 to 5 stars.It just turns into mashed half fried potatoes I changed it a little by adding garlic salt extra butter and oil and a pinch of cayenne and a half of a red onion. It was to plain for my taste. Had to cook them longer since at the 20 minute mark they where still a little hard. But over all good with the ingredients I added. I made it with canola oil and a little bit of Smart Balance (no real butter on hand), S&P, garlic powder, and smoked paprika.  I don't think keeping them covered did much for them.  Some were stuck to the pan.  I added chopped green pepper, onions, and garlic after removing the cover, and had to cook them for another 18-ish minutes rather than 10.  They were okay - a bit too greasy.  I think they should have cooked a bit longer, but then I would be standing there scraping them off the pan the whole time.  I don't use non-stick cookware. Tastes like what you get for 3-5 dollars at restaurants, but better. I used bacon grease instead of butter and seasoned with Cajun seasoning instead of S/PThanks! Just perfect, thank you step by step can't miss. Wifey love it, and love me more now.. 😍💕 A little light on seasoning for my family. Instead of cubes sometimes I will use a French fry cutter and make cubes ,,,, partially cook in microwave to slightly soften ,,, split the potatoes 🥔 in half ,,put in cutter and catch as they come out ,, turn sideways and run through cutter again ,,, repeat to gain amount of potatoes for use ,, season to liking and follow as much of the recipe you want or add to it ,,, I use a pinch or two of smoked chili powder and a few finely chopped onions at times Can’t miss with the instructions it’s that simple love it!!!
