Chinese Pork Chops
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/72007/chinese-pork-chops/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pierce pork chops on both sides with a fork. otdash Meredith Food Studio Whisk soy sauce, brown sugar, lemon juice, oil, ginger, and garlic powder together in a bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Reserve about 1/4 cup marinade for basting; pour remaining marinage into a resealable plastic bag. Add pork chops to the bag, coat with marinade, squeeze out excess air, and seal the bag. Marinate in the refrigerator for 6 to 8 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio When ready to cook, preheat an outdoor grill for high heat and lightly oil the grate. Remove pork chops from marinade and shake off excess. Discard remaining marinade. Cook pork chops on the preheated grill, basting often with the reserved marinade, until no longer pink in the center, 6 to 8 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio
This recipe is a family staple at our house. My picky kids eat the heck out of these. I have a neat trick..When I get the economy pack of pork chops from the store I immediately divide the chops into one meal portions ( 6 chops for us) mix up the marinade and toss it into each bag and put them in the freezer that way it can marinade while the chops are thawing out. Whole family loved it. Used bone in chops marinated for 24 hrs. Even the picky eater wanted more. Definitely will make again Not a review, but a question. I live in an apartment and don't have access to a grille. Has anyone made these in their air fryer? Or how about another method? How did they come out compared to grilling them. Thanks in advance! I added some hot chili flakes I didn’t make it yet but I’m not a fan of Ginger I’ll cut it in half. Made this recipe using boneless pork chops at least 1" thick. Poked holes on both sides of each chop & marinated in a large baggie at least 8 hours. Cooked on a charcoal grill, they came out tender & delicious. Will definitely make these again! Practically makes itself! decided to make this at 10 pm last night. Mixed up the marinade sauce and threw my four FROZEN boneless center cut pork chops into a big zip top bag, poured the marinade over them. Put them in the fridge, turned the bag a couple times today. Cooked them on my Ninja indoor grill, served with spinach and pan sauteed squash. This was SOOO easy! saving for another time. I think the marinade would be good with chicken too. Used 2 thick center cut bone in chops….they were tender and delicious. They should change the name to "Chinese Chops". Better alliteration. The recipe is delicioso. I used lime instead of lemon, but that's just Poppe doing Poppe stuff. I go crazy with recipes. One time, I changed EVERY ingredient in a recipe—all of them. When it said salt, I put sugar. When it said pork, I used fish. When it said garlic, I put garlic. I like garlic, shut up! Don't @ me bro! Okay, so I didn't change ALL the ingredients. Get a life.
