Chicken Katsu
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/72068/chicken-katsu/
Season chicken breasts on both sides with salt and pepper. Place flour, beaten egg, and panko crumbs into separate shallow dishes. Coat chicken breasts in flour, shaking off any excess; dip into egg, and then press into panko crumbs until well coated on both sides. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Place chicken in the hot oil, and fry until golden brown, 3 or 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to drain.
Great recipe! The chicken katsu came out crunchy and delicious. (ETA: I slice the chicken breast to three or four thin fillets instead of pounding them.) The only thing I would suggest is to pre-heat the oil on medium heat then reduce it to low-medium for the actual frying; 3 minutes on medium-high heat pretty much blackened my panko crumbs. This was really good! However, we tweaked the recipe a bit. We added garlic sauce, vinegar, and soy sauce. We also cut up the chicken in small nugget six pieces. The end result was delicious! Honestly so amazing. We served it with Japanese curry. Used a dash of cayenne with s&p. Fried on med heat- it was the easiest and maybe the best fried chicken I’ve ever made Easy and good. I sliced the chicken in half rather than pounding it. I also used another reviewers dipping sauce: 1/4 c. ketchup, 1/3 c. soy sauce, 1/4 c. worchester sauce, 1 tbsp hoisin sauce, garlic powder and pepper to taste. Really great recipe, even my picky 12 year old loves it. I used tenderloins and cut into 1" pieces before the breading process. Makes each piece crispy. I also used a deep fryer, doing 15 pieces at a time for maybe 2 1/2-3 minutes, drain on a paper towel. I altered Cardamon's tokatsu sauce recipes just a little. Here is my version: 1/4 c. ketchup, 1/3 c. soy sauce, 1/4 c. worchester sauce, 1 tbsp hoisin sauce, garlic powder to taste and 2 heaping Tbl. brown sugar. This is how I will make my chicken from now on. It is so light and crispy. Added some parsley to the panko for a little color and used Old Bay on the chicken before dredging in the coatings. Also used EVOO to fry the chicken in, I think it gives a better flavor. Simple and tasty. I found a recipe for tonkatsu sauce on another website (Canadian Living). Very easy recipe. I baked mine in the oven at 400 degrees for about 20 minutes to save on fat. They came out crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. The real hit of the meal was the sweet and sour sauce recipe posted by the top commenter!! This was wonderful. I used porkchops that i pounded out to about a 1/4 in each. I then followed the recipe exactly and made a wonderful dipping sauce. To make the dipping sauce you need to boil 1/2 cup of rice vinegar then add 1/2 cup sugar and stir until dissolved then simmer for 5 min. While that is simmering mince 1 clove of garlic and mash it together with 1/4 tsp of salt to make a garlic paste. Throw that in that in the sauce and remove from the heat and then add 1 1/2 tsp crushed red pepper flakes. Let it come to room temp and serve. Now it is pretty spicy so for the kids I had sweet and sour. This will def go into the monthly rotation for dinner. Great recipe! Try serving on raw shredded cabbage, squeeze lemon and then drizzle the tonkatsu sauce on top. The flavors blend very well and it is refreshing! Over the counter, ready made tonkatsu sauce can be purchased at the local Japanese market, the brand is called Bulldog and very good/convenient. This homemade recipe for tonkatsu is excellent. i used to make this all the time when i wasn't counting my calories :o( difference is i don't pound chicken - i slice w/my knife held at a slant and cut pieces 1/2" thickness or less. my secret twist on this recipe is instead of seasoning chicken with salt & pepper - i season w/lemon pepper seasoning. chicken katsu is a staple in Hawaii! serve with tonkatsu sauce or ketchup w/worchestershire sauce mixed in. This is right, furikake in katsu sounds good, but is not true chicken katsu like some mainsplaining visitors would like you to believe. It was so good. My first time making it with sticky rice and katsu sauce and it was the best thing ever. The best thing about this recipe is that it is beginner friendly and anyone can make it if you follow the recipe. We have been making chicken parmesan with similar ingredients, but we used PorQ bread crumbs, which was excellent. We have used other brands, and they are all good, but this recipe has lots of yummy noises at the table. Once again, the vegetarian cook (me) makes the best meat dishes. It came out perfectly, nice and crispy and the chicken was juicy! I served with rice and katsu sauce i found at a local supermarket  Very successful!  However, we flattened ours a bit too much so they didn’t need as much time in the air fryer (did the baked version), and ended up a little dry but no biggie.  Panko crust was brilliant.  Served with homemade tonkatsu sauce, Mayo sesame dressing, Amazake carrot salad, spinach gomae (home grown) and steamed rice.Next time we shall try with chicken tenderloins - less fiddle and in tailor made sizes. don't deep fry it makes the cover soggy I made no changes, it came out tender and tasty. This is a great recipe. Very simple and the Katsu is very crispy. I served it with Japanese curry (which I prefer over Katsu sauce)
