Indian Style Basmati Rice
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/72349/indian-style-basmati-rice/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place rice into a bowl with enough water to cover. Set aside to soak for 20 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio In the last 10 minutes of soaking, heat oil in a large pot or saucepan over medium heat. Add cinnamon stick, cardamom pods, and cloves, then stir in cumin seed. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook and stir until fragrant and toasted, about a minute. Add sliced onion and stir. otdash Meredith Food Studio Sauté until the onion is tender and a rich golden brown color, about 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Drain water from rice, and stir into the pot. Cook and stir rice until lightly toasted, about 3 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add water and salt, and bring to a boil. Cover and reduce heat to low. Simmer until all the water has been absorbed, about 15 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Let stand for 5 minutes, then fluff with a fork before serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I thought this recipe was very good but I should have listened to my intuition and reduced the amount of cumin seed it called for. 1 tablespoon of cumin seed is WAY TOO MUCH for the amount of rice indicated. It totally overpowered the rice and muted all the other great flavours going on in the dish. I would definitely make this again but I will use about 1 teaspoon of cumin seed next time and probably add green peas to it, as a matter or preference. I also used jasmine rice, so I did not soak it, but I washed it thoroughly until the water was clear and let in drain in a colander until the rice is relatively dry. I find this is essential in making rice dishes like this so the rice sautes better and doesnt taste bland or waterlogged. I also reduced the cooking time slightly, since I was using a different type of rice and reduced the water to 2 cups, but kept the amount of rice used the same. Turned out wonderful! I had to substitute to ground spices as I don’t have whole.1 teaspoon ground cinnamon1/4 teaspoon ground cardamomA generous dash of cloves1 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin My go-to recipe for rice!! So easy and so tasty. Thank you very much for sharing it! Served it with chicken, beans, lentils--all combinations were just great. This will be my "go to" recipe when having an Indian meal. I followed the recipe fairly closely, using "Royal" Basmati rice. I actually halved the recipe because I am a single. I scraped the Cardamom pods as suggested, used half of the Cumin Seeds, and added some black mustard seeds. So delicious! Fantastic. I'm new to cooking and this was not only super easy to make, but delicious. I read some of the other comments and decided to back off 1/3 on the amount of cumin seeds. I might try it more to the recipe next time. I also at another commenter's suggestion I scraped the seeds out of the cardamom pods. I think that was a great move. (Thanks Generic Allrecipes Member).  10/10 would do again.I served it with a chicken coconut curry. It was great and my family loved it. I think the cumin seeds are too much. But per other comments my husband also said it reminds him of home. I do add more cloves and more cardamom. I’d have to say great recipe! Best rice I’ve ever made! Hands down. I have made this recipe 3 times and followed instructions to a tee. I have several co workers from India and they said it reminded them of being back in India..lol.. one coworker said it was better rice than his wife cooks at home . I love this recipe and so do my friends/coworkers from India . Legit Recipe !
