Dee's Roast Pork for Tacos
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/72421/dees-roast-pork-for-tacos/
Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Place the roast on top of a large piece of aluminum foil. In a small bowl, stir together the green chiles, chili powder, oregano, taco seasoning and garlic. Rub onto the roast. Wrap foil around the roast so that it is completely covered, using additional aluminum foil if necessary. Place on top of a roasting rack in a baking dish, or place a cookie sheet on an oven rack below to catch any leaks. Roast the meat for 3 1/2 to 4 hours in the preheated oven, until falling apart. Cook to at least 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). Remove from the oven, and shred into small pieces using two forks. Season with salt to taste.
This recipe is FABULOUS! It's tastes like what they serve at Moe's Southwest Grill. I made it in the crockpot (I don't like to cook things in aluminum foil). I cooked it all night on low. In the morning I shredded it and vacuumed bagged it for freezing. When I want to make tacos, enchiladas, etc. I'll have my meat ready. Thanks so much! I had a pork roast I wanted to turn into shredded taco meat. I caramelized the surfaces of the meat first in hot oil, then sprinkled the meat with generous amount of "Maggi Jugo," lastly, I added a little package of Goya's Sazón with Coriander and Annatto (achiote), then rolled the roast in the seasonings. I wrapped in two layers of foil to seal in all moisture, and baked on 300 for 3 hours. The meat shredded EASILY by twisting a fork through it, and made the BEST tacos. I was concerned it might not be moist, or have enough flavor. I was not disappointed! It was perfect. There is so much flavor to the shredded meat that if I feel it needs a bit more moisture throughout the week as I use it, I'll just add a bit of water. I am definitely keeping this recipe as one of my go to's for Latin American flavored meat filling. Thank you! This is the first timed I prepared this recipe and it was for a taco dinner party, everyone loved it!  It was moist and flavorful. We had six adults and still had leftovers.  I will surely prepare it again. Made exactly to recipe, this has become an amazing family favorite.   I use the "Black Beans, Corn, and Yellow Rice" recipe here on All Recipes as a side dish and put out freshly-warmed flour tortillas 8-10",  along with bowls of grated cheese, sour cream, sliced avacados, chopped green onions, seeded & chopped tomatoes, fresh salsa, shredded cabbage, home-made refried beans and olives so people can make their own.  Do NOT leave out the lime - that is the game changer! I mixed all of the seasonings into a base of orange juice and marinated everything overnight first.  I then sprinkled the roast with kosher salt and roasted it at 285 degrees for 6 hours (I had close to a 7 lb bone in roast.)  Comes out fall apart tender with a great flavor.  Great for tacos, nachos, burritos, just amazing! Use taco seasoning instead of chili powder.  Halved for 2 pound roast.  Go easy on the salt. This is delicious! It makes quite a bit more than my family will eat in one sitting, so I use leftovers in enchiladas, or mixed with eggs for breakfast burritos. Since it does make so much, it is great for having company over as well. It is so easy to make, and so tasty! Thank you! delicious! I used way less chili powder, maybe 1 tablespoon and added about a cup of apple juice. pressure cooked it for 30 minutes and it was perfect! just a little sweetness to balance out the spices and salt This is a great recipe for beef or pork. I also use liners in the crock pot to help with clean up.  I use all the Ingredients listed but I also put In 2-3 tsp of chicken bouillon.( +/- to your taste ) and cook it on high for 4-5 hours than on low for a couple more. It doesn’t over cook it but especially with the beef , it just falls apart . I have made this dish a lot. My wife’s family says it taste very similar to Birria. I used a leftover pound of pork roast that I had and adjusted the ingredients accordingly and added a 1/2 cup water and let it simmer for about ten minutes. I made my own taco seasoning from the recipe on here, as it's very good as well, plus it's lower sodium than store bought.
