The Best Vegetarian Chili in the World
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/72508/the-best-vegetarian-chili-in-the-world/
Heat olive oil in a large pot over medium heat. Stir in onion and season with oregano, salt, cumin, and bay leaves. Cook and stir until onion is tender; stir in celery, green bell peppers, jalapeños, and garlic. Add green chile peppers and cook until heated through. Stir in vegetarian burger crumbles; reduce heat to low, cover pot, and simmer for 5 minutes. Stir in tomatoes; season with chili powder and black pepper. Stir in kidney beans, garbanzo beans, and black beans. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer for 45 minutes. Stir in the corn, and continue cooking for 5 minutes before serving.
Hi everyone this is my recipe! Thanks for all the great reviews however they have made a misprint in the submission. It should read 3 large cans of whole tomatoes, crushed by hand NOT 3 tomatoes, that would make this very spicy as well as very thick. I don't remember if I wrote this part as well, but I usually drain the 2 cans of beans, and I leave the liquid of the rem. cans. Luckily not many have been effected by the mistake. thanks again. I am not lying or exaggerating when I say this has been my go-to chili recipe for at least 15 years now. I eat meat so I don’t “need” to find vegetarian recipes and yet I make this year after year because it is that good! I understand why some people put meat in it, but it honestly can be made with any beef or beef substitute. It is a great recipe and I look forward to many future batches! This chili won against two MEAT chilis.  Everyone loved it.  Not hard to make, the longer it sits the better the flavors.  I only used 1/8 of a jalapeno pepper as we have some sensitive pallets and also halved the recipe and it was still a lot.  I also used cannellini beans instead of kidney as we aren't a fan. Rinsed the beans before putting them in so I added two cups of beef broth. This is a FOR SURE dish that pleases everyone! This was wonderful! Thank you! I will say that some people on here seem to not be able to read very well because this is a VEGETARIAN recipe yet they insist on putting meat in it? Of all the other non-vegetarian recipes on here, they just had to choose this one recipe and throw meat in it. SMDH. This honestly is the best chili I have ever tasted!  I made it the first time one Christmas eve, as I have adult kids that are (1) vegan (1) vegetarian and (1) that only eats chicken for meat.  My meat eating dad couldn't even tell it was vegan!  I made it again for a group of friends, then again last weekend for my daughter's visit, then my bf requested I make it again (but with Turkey - was better with veggie ground round).  I now will be making it for my sister's bridal shower.  I get rave reviews from everyone, and I love it's a big batch which ensures I have leftovers for a few days.  I don't make major changes to the recipe:  I blend the tomatoes to get it nice and thick.  I replace the green peppers with red/yellow, and I eliminate the celery.  The last batch I did a whole onion instead of half (by mistake) but it didn't make it more onion-y, just more flavourful over all.Thanks to the creator of this recipe for what has become a family/friend favorite! I've made this chili several times over the past decade. Everyone has loved it. You will want to be conscious of spice levels for gusts. i am a spice baby and I had to make sure have some sour cream on the side to dull the amount of pepper and jalapeno I was ingesting. I've yet to find a perso that doesn't enjoy this chili. friends have even made great burritos from this chili as a leftover meal idea. My largest soup pot was too small for this recipe,  so I couldn't add the last 3 cans of beans. But the end result was delicious nonetheless. Everything and everyone always compliments it! This recipe was an excellent guide for the chili I made using the ingredients I  had. I used chipotle peppers in adobo sauce instead of green chiles and jalapenos. I omitted the crumbles since I didn't have any and used kidney, pinto beans, and eight ounces of tomato sauce ( mixed with four ounces of roasted tomato/chipotle salsa) because that is what I had. I didn't need as many tomato products since I omitted the crumbles. I used homemade chili seasoning containing the spices listed and added salt as needed. I followed the steps as written, and the resulting chili was delicious. I credit this recipe because I needed guidance regarding the vegetables to use and the process of making chili. My teenager enjoyed it and went back for seconds. That makes this recipe a winner in my book.
