Ranch Burgers
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/72715/ranch-burgers/
Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat and lightly oil the grate. Mix ground beef, onion, crushed crackers, egg, and ranch dressing mix together in a bowl until well combined. Form into eight hamburger patties. Cook patties on the preheated grill until no longer pink in the center, about 5 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C).
I LOVE good burgers!!!I made these a few weeks ago and we love them! I did change a few things. Just two of us so I used 1 pound of burger and made two BIG burgers! I used a whole pack of Ranch dressing mix and instead of raw onion I used 1/2 pack of onion soup mix. I used Italian bread crumbs in place of cracker crumbs. Very much full of flavor and moist. I made it in the morning and grilled for dinner. The flavor really goes thru.I made a batch this morning and cant wait for dinner tonight!This is a keeper for us! I halved the recipe since it's just me and my parents, used one small-ish egg, half a packet of ranch mix, frozen chopped onions, and eyeballed a handful of crackers. I just crumbled the crackers in my hands and ended up with some big pieces in the burgers, next time I'll take the time to crush them properly but honestly I don't think it really hurt anything. In the end, everyone loved the burgers! My mom and I agreed it was the perfect amount of flavor. It was an easy way to do something *slightly* more special than frozen patties.  :)  And since I used frozen chopped onion the only dishes I had were the skillet and a mixing bowl. Made as written and these were pretty good. They were a little too wet so I had to stick them in the fridge for 30 minutes to seize up so they would stay together. The flavor was there and good. Keep in mind these were onion forward so you do need to be an onion lover. A nice change of pace from regular burgers. Thanks! I love these burgers. They’d be good with what ever toppings you like. I think avocado would be good. I actually prefer the hidden valley ranch recipe off the back of the 4 pack box. Once a burger has an egg in it then it ceases being a burger and moves over to meat loaf. I made this tonight minus the egg and crackers because I didn’t have crackers on hand. It was really flavorful and I’ll be making it again just as I made it tonight. Great the best ranch burger I've made I didn't have any powdered ranch dressing on hand, so I substituted Italian seasoning. I also substituted the crackers for seasoned Panko bread crumbs.Yes, I will make this again! ():0) Adding to my review. For the correct thickness, so your burger will not fall apart I used a 1/2 cp measuring cup small heap. patted about 1/2  inch thick. Perfect reg. bun size burgers. I bought chipotle ranch and it gives spice-lovers that extra kick I think this recipe needed! Delicious and is going in the permanent cycle.
