Slow Cooker Salisbury Steak
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/73124/slow-cooker-salisbury-steak/
Combine ground beef, bread crumbs, milk, and onion soup mix together in a large bowl until well combined; shape into 8 patties. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Dredge patties in flour just to coat, and quickly brown on both sides in the hot skillet. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place browned patties into the slow cooker stacking alternately like a pyramid. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix condensed soup, water, and au jus mix together in a medium bowl; pour over the beef patties. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook on Low until ground beef is well done, about 4 to 5 hours. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
I made this last week, and I decided after contemplation, that it would be simpler for me to do the entire recipe in an electric skillet, and boy was I right. :) I browned the patties and then added the soups, etc, and let it all simmer covered for about 15-20 minutes. It was so easy, and so good, though a bit salty. Next time, I will only use half of the onion soup mix, and low sodium soup. I only had one dirty pan to clean, so to me, it was awesome this way. :) I, like a few other individuals, decided the sodium was too high so I used sodium reduced soup, other than that change I followed as is.  My family enjoyed the recipe, thank you. The only differences were I used one cream of chicken and a french onion soup. I also added mushrooms. Yum I love a good Salisbury steak recipe.This recipe is so pathetic. For the following reasons:A. Packet of dry onion soup mix. Loaded with sodium and preservatives.B. 2 cans of condensed cream of chicken soup. Once again, loaded with sodium and preservatives.C. Packet of au jus gravy mix. Again, loaded with sodium and preservatives.This recipe is a lazy person's direction for a heart attack on a plate.Sorry, I expected more quality in a recipe from you. You have sadly disappointed me, and all of your readers. My husband wants this once a week. I exchanged one can of cream of chicken soup for a can of cream of mushroom soup. I have made this over a dozen times (no changes to the recipe!) and it is a rare dish that everyone in my household loves. My kids are 9 and 12, and one of them is quite picky but he will eat extra helpings of this. We end up with more than 8 patties (I probably just make them small?) and the leftovers are also delicious. Works well with mashed potatoes and some fresh roasted veggies. Everybody loves it! Have had it twice in a month now! Also make sure you use LEAN ground beef (90 or higher) or else your gravy will be full of grease! Next time I think I will switch to low sodium products and see how it turns out!
