Homestyle Potato Chips
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/73135/homestyle-potato-chips/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Transfer potato slices to a large bowl of cold water as you slice them. otdash Meredith Food Studio Drain slices and rinse under cold water. Refill the bowl with water, add 3 tablespoons salt, and put slices back in the bowl. Let potatoes soak in the salty water for at least 30 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Drain and rinse slices again. Pat dry. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat oil in a deep-fryer to 365 degrees F (185 degrees C). Working in small batches, fry potato slices until golden. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Continue until all of the slices are fried. otdash Meredith Food Studio Season potato chips with additional salt if desired. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
I have tried these a couple times and the kids love them. What I really suggest is that you slice the potatos thin and then soak in HOT water for 20 minutes. This removes quite a bit of starch. then dry well before frying. Tonight my wife dug some old potatoes out that had actually gotten eyes sprouting on them and they turned out better than fresh potatoes. The starch level was much lower and they turned out golden brown and crispy! thank you for the recipie! I will defiantly make these chips again and again and again. We love them. I bought a mandolin last year and had not used it until now. I was cruising thru Pinterest and came across recipes for homemade chips and thought hey I can finally use my mandolin.  I made them for my wife, kids and their families for a Sunday dinner. Well to say they were a hit is an understatement.  Making again today to go with BBQ’d burgers and can’t wait to try the cooks tasters. I made these one time to see if I could. Apparently I can and now my 3 kids (high-schooler, middle schooler, and elementary schooler) request them in their lunches instead of store bought chips. I made these exactly as written.  Amazing!  So easy.  Delicious.  Will make again. Thank you for posting. It is good I leave mine in salt water overnight in the fridge  then cut them by hand the next day before cooking them and make salt & vinegar Salt them when they first come out of the oil.That makes a huge difference.I slice them on a mandolin slicer I made this with one russet potato with the peeling on as per the directions they came out perfect! I Just would like to say Potato chips cost 7.00 for a small bag .  A  bag of potatoes cost 2.50.  What do you think? I Loved Making them even better with my lunch the next day!! I give this 5 stars. Just delicious. I didn't make any changes.
