Best Toffee Ever - Super Easy
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/73412/best-toffee-ever-super-easy/
Combine butter, sugar, and salt in a large, heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium heat; stir constantly in one direction until butter is melted, about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, line a 9x13-inch baking dish with a sheet of parchment paper, letting it overhang two sides of the dish. Once the butter has melted, stop stirring and bring mixture to a boil. Once boiling, cook, stirring only 2 to 3 times, until it turns a dark amber color and the temperature reaches 285 degrees F (137 degrees C) on a candy thermometer, 20 to 30 minutes. Immediately pour toffee into the prepared baking dish. Sprinkle chocolate chips on top and let sit until they soften, 1 to 2 minutes. Use a spatula to spread softened chocolate into a thin, even layer. Sprinkle nuts over the chocolate and press down slightly; wearing a plastic bag over your hand will minimize the mess. Place toffee in the refrigerator until set, about 1 hour. Lift hardened toffee out of the baking dish with the parchment paper. Break into pieces and store in an airtight container.
HOORAY! SUCCESS AT LAST! After 2 successes and 2 "almost" successes( my butter pooled on top twice) I read about 50 reviews, applied all the tips and had perfect toffee. Here are all the tips you need for success too: test your thermometer in boiling water (212f)to be sure it's accurate. Use a heavy, large pot or pan (I used a 4 quart nonstick pot). Melt butter/sugar on medium/high heat, whisking the WHOLE time (I used a flat whisk that allowed me to get edges incorporated in very well). Let come to a steady, but NOT rolling boil, at about medium heat, and continue to stir frequently. At medium heat it really shouldn't burn. Last, keep temping toffee until thermometer says 285-295...at 285 do the ice water test by dropping a dot of toffee into some ice water...it should be brittle. If so, it's done. It will be a very dark amber color. Pour into foil lined pan, put on chocolate and nuts and, VOILA! Perfect toffee!! Refrigerate before breaking apart! I also keep it in a cool place (fridge or in an airtight container in the garage, in the winter, then it's extra brittle :)). Easy and very good! Will be making this several times and especially for the holidays! I have made this recipe several times.  It seems to separate and look very greasy about 8-0 minutes later, but I kept stirring with a metal whisk and only until it was almost done did it come together and incorporated all the butter.  I think it had to get up to temperature.  Make sure your prepared pan is right there and ready to receive the super hot mix.  There's a fine line between getting it boiled to the right temperature and getting it burned.  I used an enameled cast iron dutch oven and it worked perfectly! I loved it and so does my other half. I make the nuts almost into butter. And just before I pour it out I put it in the toffer. See  we have no teeth So good and so easy used salted butter and didn't add the salt! Very easy and worked perfectly first time. Took it to just over 300F and stirred constantly until the mixture boiled and occasionally after. Left off the nuts and added tempered chocolate to both sides. Sublime! Super easy, perfect crunch!  1st time even!   I used salted butter, and added 3 tablespoons light corn syrup and 3 tablespoons water to the melted butter mix - per other commenters' recommendations.Must stress:  DO NOT LEAVE PAN UNATTENDED!!  The temperature rapidly increases near the completion and needs to be removed from the heat to prevent burning. It was necessary to rapidly stir darker bubbling sections with the lighter sections before pouring onto the parchment lined cookie sheet.  Also melted the chocolate before spreading evenly onto toffee.Use spatula with straight side to spread toffee and melted chocolate evenly. Super easy & tastes GREAT. For me, I'm not a big chocolate fan so I'll cut the chocolate in half next time and I'd like it much thinner so I'll try a cookie pan next time. Made this toffee several times. It is SO easy.1tbsp honey (many toffee recipes call for corn syrup3 tbsp water.Chopped almonds on cookie sheet before pouring toffee.The first couple of batches I only let temps get up to 295. Toffee was chewy, but still amazing!  I cooked this last batch up to 300 (hard crack) and it was perfect.
