Colleen's Slow Cooker Jambalaya
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/73634/colleens-slow-cooker-jambalaya/
Gather the ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix tomatoes with juice, chicken, sausage, onion, green bell pepper, celery, and broth in a slow cooker. otdash Meredith Food Studio Season with oregano, parsley, Cajun seasoning, cayenne pepper, and thyme. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cover and cook on Low for 7 to 8 hours, or on High for 3 to 4 hours. Stir in shrimp during the last 30 minutes of cook time. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve over rice. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
I thought this receipe was very good. My husband says he thought Jambalya should be a little bit more soupy. I used turkey sausage instead and left out the cajun seasoning because my kids will not eat anything with alot of spice. I cooked the rice seperate and then mixed it together. This says it is a serving for 12 (but it made 17 cups for me) enough to have it again for another night. I am putting down information if anyone is interested and this is based on what I used. 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breast (all fat removed), 1 pound sweet turkey sausage, 14 oz canned diced tomatoes with onions, 14 oz canned diced tomatoes with green chilies, 3/4 c frozen tri colored bell pepper strips (diced), 2 c finely diced celery (4 stalks)-(the second cup was an accident-but turned out good), 1 c 99% fat free chicken broth, 1 1/3 c frozen chopped onion, 1 pound frozen shrimp, 3 c uncooked rice, 2 tsp dried oregano, 2 tsp dried parsley, 1 tsp cayenne pepper, 1/2 tsp dried thyme Information based on a 1 c serving (17 servings)Calories 233.2 / Fat 3.9 / Fiber 1.7 / Sodium 582.6 I have to say, I am impressed with the flavor considering how easy this is! I substituted Turkey Keilbasa for the shrimp since my husband is allergic. Such a great weekend dish that makes enough to eat on the whole week. Definitely will make again. Your pictures shows the shrimp in there the entirety of the time, yet say to add at the last 30 minutes. Very easy. Great flavor!! This was absolutely delicious.I had so much fun making this recipe. Surprisingly, I had all the ingredients. Followed directions while tweaking with some of the suggestions made by others. Served over white rice.Absolutely Delicious! Delicious and easy!  I did add 2 Tablespoons of Instant Tapioca to help thicken the dish. This is a family pleaser!  One way to make good use of all that excess liquid, is to turn the dish into a traditional dry jambalaya, by simply adding cups of uncooked rice an hour before the cooking is done. Absolutely delicious!!
