Paneer
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/73715/paneer/
Pour milk into a large pot and bring to a boil over medium heat; watch carefully to prevent milk from boiling over. When milk begins to boil, pour buttermilk into the pot in a steady stream, stirring constantly. The milk will separate into curds and water. Line a colander with cheesecloth. Pour milk mixture through the cheesecloth, reserving some of the strained liquid. Let milk mixture sit in the colander until curds are settled and dripping stops, about 2 hours. Transfer strained curds to a food processor. Process until smooth and mixture can be formed into a ball. Add some of the reserved liquid and process again if mixture is too dry. The consistency should resemble firm ricotta cheese. Turn cheese out onto a clean surface and knead until smooth. Form into a ball and wrap in plastic. Refrigerate until needed. To cook paneer, heat oil in a large, heavy skillet over medium-high heat. Cut paneer into bite-sized pieces. Fry in hot oil until very pale golden brown, about 1 minute. Drain on a paper towel-lined plate.
I have been making paneer for years, and I have always used lemon juice to curdle the milk. I will never do that again!!!! Using the buttermilk adds such a softness and light texture. I can't hardly believe that I made this myself. It is the most authentic I have tasted. Also, I emailed Ami (the owner) and she mentioned a few mistakes in how the website converted the recipe. First, you do not need to knead the paneer on a cutting board unless you do not have a food processor. Second, the paneer tastes better if you let it sit overnight, and frt the next day. This is pretty great... and so easy... I neither put it in a food processor or kneed it.  I simply just squish it together... squeeze out the juice and pop it in the refrigerator. I would not make this again. I have made paneer before with a simpler recipe that tasted and had a much better texture than this. The food processor step is also very unnecessary. I made it as written and I think it could have used a bit of salt to it.  I used pink himalyan salt.  I think  sea salt would be fine.  It absolutely must be kneaded. This was the first time that I made paneer, and served it in Saag Paneer. What a hit!! I would really like to know how much paneer I should expect t I had a bit of issue trying to get the curds.  I saw a tip about white vinegar and it pulled the whey from the curds quickly.  I rinsed the cheese in cold water to get any residual whey and vinegar off.   I had a nice smooth paneer about 6 hours later.   I had tried and almost given up after a few trys with the buttermilk and lemons thing.  Did add a bit of salt though. Wow!  I had no idea how easy it is to make paneer; I've missed out on so many good meals because of my ignorance.  It is a very simple recipe, but you need a little bit of time, and I usually make a mess of my kitchen during this process - I don't really know how. Great recipe. Make sure you read the creators comments about not having to kneed it. One issue that I had is that I made the mistake of adding in some liquid when putting it in the food processor. The issue is that the cheese then became sticky. I would try to add little to no liquid back if at all possible since it is is the liquid that makes it sticky. i deep fried the cheese. This recipe is a bit flawed. It doesn't tell you if you need to keep heating the mixture after adding the buttermilk. I followed the recipe exactly, making sure the milk didn't boil over, yet it still had some surface ripples and lots of steam. I poured in the buttermilk, and got very few curds. By few, I mean a handful. Then, upon realizing I was going to be stuck with a big pot of wasted milk, I Googled 'paneer troubleshooting,' and added the juice of two lemons. That curdled it fast. Other than that, this cheese is in desperate need of salt to give it something. The taste was fine, but the texture was off
