Apple Cake with Caramel Glaze
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/73751/apple-harvest-pound-cake-with-caramel-glaze/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9-inch Bundt pan. Beat sugar, oil, vanilla, and eggs in a large bowl with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Combine flour, baking soda, cinnamon, and salt; stir into batter just until blended. Fold in apples and walnuts using a spoon. Pour into the prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the crown or the cake comes out clean, about 1 hour to 1 hour 20 minutes. Allow cake to cool in pan for about 15 minutes then invert on to a wire rack. To make the caramel glaze: Heat butter, milk, and brown sugar in a small saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, stirring to dissolve sugar, then remove from the heat. Drizzle over warm cake.
i hate when people change everything and then review the recipe poorly BUT i have made this many times (exact instructions first then made changes). this cake rocks. the glaze is delish. i find light brown sugar tastes way better in it than dark. i also baked it at 325 for 70 min. i used half white and half brown sugar and sub'd apple sauce in for 1/3 the amount of oil. (1/2 cup ap. sauce, 1 cup oil) i also increased cinnamon to 1 teaspoon. that's my fave way. made it for my aunt's bday. she hates sweets and had a second piece! Everyone loved this Apple Cake. The Carmel Glaze was amazing!! We were dipping apple slices in the leftover glaze super simple to make! I have lost count of how many people have asked me for this recipe! I do like to chop the apples pretty small. The only thing I changed, based on other reviews, was to switch out 1/2 cup of apple butter for 1/2 cup of the oil, and used 1 cup of each brown and granulated sugar.  This was moist and yummy!! I've made this several times and my family and friends love it. Easy to make and is very tasty! Wonderful fall treat. Apple cake and caramel is traditional. Followed the recipe as written but used 1 c oil and 1/2 c cinnamon applesauce. Baked in 9x13 pan for 1 hr. Perfect 👍 The caramel glaze was perfect and not too much as sometimes frosting is. You can serve with whip cream but not necessary. Enjoy! I have made this cake as written multiple times.  I start watching the cake at the 45 minute mark, as it does seem to cook quicker than written.  The glaze is a bit grainy as written but once I tried cooking it longer and it turned into carmel candy.  Went back to the grainy glaze, as it tastes great!  This is the only cake I make that will not last more than 4 days in this house of 3. My son absolutely loves it. I made this exactly as shown and it was Divine!! I've made this 3 times, and my family clamors for it.  Due to a happy accident, I didn't realize that the milk, butter and light brown sugar was for the glaze, so I originally added it to the batter.  Takes a bit longer to cook, but oh so good and moist!  And I do double up the glaze, so yum, yum!! Very good and moist. I think it needed more glaze. Next time, I think I will pour it in the cake pan while it’s cooling so it can soak in. When I drizzled it on top, it just ran off the sides. I will be making it again.
