Applesauce Cake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/7380/applesauce-cake-i/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour an 8-inch cake pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Beat sugar and butter together in a large bowl with an electric mixer until creamy. Add applesauce; beat well. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in flour, baking soda, cinnamon, and cloves until just combined. otdash Meredith Food Studio Fold in walnuts and raisins. otdash Meredith Food Studio Spoon cake batter into the prepared pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 40 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve warm. Enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
I have been a lurker around the allrecipes site for a few years now and many of the recipes I use have come from this site but I have never reviewed anything here before because I hate signing up for stuff online (usually leads to tons of spam) but this recipe compelled me to sign up so that I could leave my review!What a wonderful cake!! I was looking for something that used no eggs nor oil, and I found this one. I was a bit skeptical but decided to try it anyway and it came out of the oven about 20 minutes ago. YUM!! My 7 year old (mr. picky)is eating some now. If I could give it 6 stars I would.I would suggest to the reviewer that had a bad experience with it, to try again. Perhaps you had a bad batch of flour or something else that day. This recipe is so easy to make instead of 1/2 cup apple sauce I did 3/4 cup and a tsp vanilla extract I made this cake 2 times actually. The first time I made sour cream spice glaze for the top the second time I made it an apple sauce unsaid down cake it was very good. And I added vanilla extract and I put pumkin pie spice instead of clovers. Made it have an apple pie flavor. I made this gluten free, I added an egg, and instead of butter I just added a 1/2 cup of my home made applesauce. And I didn’t have raisins, but I had dates, I chopped them up and added some. Sprinkled powdered sugar on top. Yum 🤤 also I used a square pan. Very simple recipe I made it gluten free and butter free and it was still fabulous!!  Thank you for the starter recipe and the add in ideas from others was helpful too :)!  I prefer pecans so used those instead and added 1 tsp vanilla :) I didn't use the clovers because I don't like the taste of them and I added vanilla in mine and chopped up some walnuts and it was it turned out marvelous and it so delicious. made cupcakes I had a jar of applesauce no one liked, so searched for a recipe like this. Oh my goodness. Followed the recipe except I used pecans instead of walnuts. I had to cook it almost 55 minutes but I believe it's because of my oven. This is definitely a keeper. Absolutely delicious and incredibly moist!
