Pasta Salad with Homemade Dressing
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/73963/pasta-salad-with-homemade-dressing/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add rotini and cook until tender yet firm to the bite, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain, rinse with cold water, and drain again. Transfer drained, cooked pasta to a large bowl. Add pepperoni, provolone cheese, red onion, cucumber, bell peppers, olives, parsley, and Parmesan cheese. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix olive oil, vinegar, garlic, basil, oregano, ground mustard, salt, and pepper for dressing in a jar with a lid. Seal the jar, and shake until well combined. otdash Meredith Food Studio otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour dressing over the pasta salad; toss until well coated. Serve immediately, or cover and chill in the refrigerator for up to 8 hours before serving. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
I looked up this recipe solely for the dressing. This makes a lovely red vinegar dressing. I use it with cold cooked pasta and a meat such as crabmeat or tuna. Very tastey. Delicious! Will definitely make again - especially loved the dressing! Very versatile...no green, or red peppers or onions..used kalamata olives, pepperoncini, diced summer squash, chopped broccoli in addition to cheese and pepperoni.  Used bagel everything seasoning..dressing is excellent! My favorite pasta salad Easy to make and well liked at family gatherings!  Definitely a keeper! Super yummy and simple dressing! Made exactly to direction and was excellent!  Will make again- recipe yields plenty for potluck, cookout, etc. I think it's a very clever twist on pasta, no pun intended!  I made some changes based on what I had on hand: shredded cheddar cheese plus red and green bell pepper, onion, olives and chickpea pasta since a member of the family is diabetic and that's the only kind of pasta which works for him.  I used my regular homemade "Italian" dressing which is very similar to what is in the recipe, and I am going to go pick fresh parsley to top it off while it's chilling!  I think he is really going to like this, as chickpea pasta becomes pasty when mixed with mayonnaise for traditional mac salad, and this is a welcome solution. Great warm weather salad.  I used prosciutto and feta cheese instead of pepperoni and provolone.
