Carrot Cake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/7402/carrot-cake-iii/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9x13-inch pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Beat sugar, oil, eggs, and 2 teaspoons vanilla together in a large bowl with an electric mixer until well combined. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix in flour, baking soda, baking powder, cinnamon, and salt. Stir in carrots. Fold in pecans. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour into the prepared pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean, about 40 minutes. Let cool in the pan for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a wire rack and cool completely. otdash Meredith Food Studio To make the frosting: Beat butter, cream cheese, confectioners' sugar, and 1 teaspoon vanilla together in a large bowl with an electric mixer until smooth and creamy. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in chopped pecans. otdash Meredith Food Studio Frost the cooled cake. Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
This is a great recipe. Some other reviewers had problems with the center falling-these tips may help. Cakes will sink or fall because of the following 1.Overbeating-too much air is incorporated 2.Underbaking- oven temp is too low or too short a baking time 3.Over or under measurement of ingredients 4.Using too small/large of baking pan 5. Make sure your oven temp is correct-preheat for at least 30 min. and check to make sure your oven is heating properly by using an oven thermometer for accuracy and finally, only open your oven door if you have to and then make sure 3/4 of the cooking time is up. Happy baking everyone! Very nice, I made 2 8x8 pans and omitted the nuts in the frosting This is the ONLY cake my daughter wants for her birthday year after year. She's also had me make it for her class several times and everyone raves!!!! This is our go to birthday cake!  LOVE this recipe This receipe is loved by many. I get requests to sell this and it’s a blockbuster! We used walnuts and it was just perfect!! Beware—this is a gateway cake. I have made it over twenty times. As is, with 1/2 the sugar as brown sugar, with light cream cheese, with 3 eggs once in desperate times, with 3 cups powdered sugar instead of 4, with 1/2 the cinnamon, with no pecans, with different size and shape pans, and no matter what I do, people still assign me baking duty for family gatherings. I went from chip and salad girl to the cake. I even made a three-tier version for sixty people (can be doubled, though cook time may change with pan size—and three-tiers requires research into cake supports). It’s a keeper and modify to taste or make as is. I hand grate the carrots to a small grate size (annoying but maybe makes for a moist cake?). Anyway, if you don’t mind becoming the family baker and always having a multi-hour assignment before gatherings, this is for you!Trouble with removing the cake from the pan easy to fix with frosting or for a perfect special event with parchment paper around sides and pan bottom plus the grease and a sprinkling of flour.The frosting in the recipe is real basic crumb coat. I recommend double for a traditional frosted-all-over cake, if you’re doing two layers with smaller pans (recipe as is will fill 2 round 9”), or even more if you plan on piping decorations. I’ve made as is with no issues, but after many other cake experiences, I now mix dry separate and add to wet to avoid danger of over mixing ingredients. 1 1/4 cup of oil is wild! Im an advanced baker and decided to follow the recipe to the T and like I expected it tastes deep fried with lack of any other flavor. Not very carrot cake. The dominant flavor is oil, bitterness from all the baking soda and baking powder and then a hint of cinnamon. But if you like the taste of oil this is your cake! I used this recipe as a guide.  I don't like my cakes too sugary, and I prefer them slightly more creamy.  So, for my first time making this cake, 1) I reduced the sugar from 2 cups to 1.5 cups, and 2) substituted 1 cup of yogurt (1/4 cup for each egg) for the 4 eggs.  The result was that my cake came out really great!
