Asparagus Salad
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/74083/grilled-asparagus-salad/
Preheat an outdoor grill for low heat and lightly oil the grate. Combine oil and lemon juice in a baking dish. Add asparagus and roll until coated. Grill asparagus on the preheated grill, turning at least once and brushing with remaining oil-lemon juice mixture, until crisp-tender, about 5 minutes. Remove from the grill and place back into the baking dish. Cut into bite-sized pieces. Combine spinach, Parmesan, and almonds in a large bowl. Add asparagus along with any oil-lemon juice mixture from the dish. Toss to blend and serve immediately.
I changed alot in this recipe and it turned out sooooo good. I steamed the asparagus, used spring greens salad mix, and parmesean seasoned almond slices, also I added some tomatoes, salt and pepper. OMG it was delicous. I thought only having lemon juice and olive oil as a dressing would be bland, but not at all. Thank You I will defintely be making this again :) If I could give this a 10 star I would. My new fav salad of all time! Wow I loved this. Made as written with slightly less oil. Also instead of grilling the asparagus I sautéed in a cast iron skillet. Everyone loved this. I made this and it’s wonderful- instead of almonds I added a diced avocado to the warm salad and everyone went bonkers for it.  Thank you! I will make it again.  I added a little more Parmesan cheese and I loved the way it clinged to the spinach leaves Made it with Red Leaf Lettuce and it was wonderful.  The Lemon with Olive Oil was so simple and fresh tasting.  I would think any greens will work great.  Toasted the almonds cut not sliced.  Added a bit of sweet Paprika to the almonds. Simple but sophisticated!  Very nutritious  and great for folks doing low carb as well.  The almonds added some texture.  Quick and easy to make on a work night--love that!  For those who thought it lacked flavor, all it might need is some Kosher salt tossed in to kick up the flavors that are naturally there.  Might not be for small children however. I used half arugula and half spinach. I added avocado and I used more slivered toasted almonds than called for in the recipe. I will definitely make it again - delicious! Loved this.  Tastes great and quick and easy side. I really enjoyed this  recipe! I was worried that it would be come wilted and sad the next day. I just through it in a pan and sauted it all. The spinach cooked down with the oil, parm, and seasoning making it just as good heated up.
