Kheer (Rice Pudding)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/74203/kheer-rice-pudding/
Bring coconut milk, milk, and sugar to a boil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add rice, reduce the heat to low, and simmer until mixture thickens and rice is tender, about 20 minutes. Stir in raisins, cardamom, and rose water; cook for a few more minutes. Ladle into serving bowls and garnish with almonds and pistachios.
The quantities and times are accurate for this recipe. Kheer is not as thick as a Western-style rice pudding, and should be still be a bit fluid when cool.Often I have used substitutions in this recipe, depending on what I had on hand. Instead of ground cardamom, I use about 12 - 15 green cardamom pods (I like my cardamom!). The pods should go in with the milk to get the best flavour, and be fished out after cooking. Instead of sugar, I like to put in about a quarter of a small can of sweetened condensed milk. Instead of rose water, I add about 1/4 tsp of almond extract (and sometimes some vanilla extract). Unsweetened flaked coconut is another great addition or garnish. Chopped (and roasted/toasted) almonds, pistachios, and walnuts are delicious garnishes.Kheer is delicious warm or cold. When cooking the rice, I leave the pot uncovered and watch it carefully so it doesn't burn or boil over. reminded me of friends dish in their village in Andra Pradesh, which now is two different states. Well loved was well fed! I used to have a customer who brought me kheer freshly made every once in a while. This hit the spot. I added more sugar after it cooled, and more milk because it wasn’t liquidy enough. The kheer I always got was very soupy and delicious. I added the almonds and raisins, no pistachios or rose water. I’ll probably skip the almonds next time because of the texture, but that’s just me. Great base recipe Perfect, I like it a little thicker so I use a little more rice if it’s too thick you can thin out with by adding a little more coconut milk or half & half YUM! I used 5 carcamom pods crushed lightly instead plus replaced the sugar with Monk Sugar and it tastes exactly like at our favourite restaurant. Thank you! Was a tad sweeter than I remembered but that's just me I guess...read in the comments that it's supposed to be a bit soupy again I had it an American chain so, not the best comparison Great recipe. I doubled the cardamon. No other changes required. Unfortunately, I didn't have rose water on hand. I'll use it next time. Love, love, love this recipe. I’ve been using it for years and it never gets old for my kids. First timer's tip on this one: Make it first and chill it right away. I timed it to be done after the rest of dinner but people ate more slowly and talked, etc. By the time we got to it, after leaving it to cool slowly, the rice soaked up all the liquid and it was much firmer than desired. The flavor was awesome, though. used less sugar. less cardamon - a mistake
