Best Meatloaf
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/74360/the-best-meatloaf-ive-ever-made/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Melt butter in a skillet over medium heat, and cook onion and garlic until onion is soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat, and season with salt and pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine onion and garlic mixture, beef, crumbled bread, crushed crackers, egg, sour cream, Worcestershire sauce, and 1/2 can tomato sauce in a large bowl. Mix until well combined. Gradually stir in milk, 1 teaspoon at a time, until mixture is moist, but not soggy. otdash Meredith Food Studio otdash Meredith Food Studio Transfer the mixture to a 5x9-inch loaf pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake uncovered in the preheated oven for 40 minutes. Increase oven temperature to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Continue baking 15 minutes, to an internal temperature of 160 degrees F (70 degrees C). Mix the remaining tomato sauce and ketchup in a small bowl. Pour over the top of the meatloaf, and continue baking for 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
ooh my goooooodness, this truly is the best meatloaf I have ever tasted in my life. My husband and two little children loved it. My daughter is a really picky eater especially when it comes to meat, but she ate it all down to the last drop. I absolutely recommend this recipe to every one. I will most definitely be making this again. I can not wait to have a get together so that I can share it with others. I gave this recipe 5 stars only because that was the highest option available. It was greeeaaaattttt!!!!!!! I made no changes. It's perfect. I didn't like poor mommas meat loaf. Bless her heart. Share this with all of your friends This is my third time making this recipe and my family loves it! It's so moist and delicious! This recipe is definitely a keeper! It was good, but I was not really a fan of the tomato sauce mixture on top.  I might try it again and change that up a little. Great it's been a while since I did meatloaf, The side dish was scalloped potatoes, and spinach topped with a 3 cheese mix, All ketchup in the mix and no sour cream3 slices stale bread, crushed 1/2 cup fine bread crumbs. The worst recipe ever for meatloaf.  tried to make a meatloaf sandwich with the leftovers and it was terrible when we had it for dinner and worse when we tried to make a meatloaf sandwich with it.  This is the third recipe we have tried on allrecipes and the third we threw away....time to stick with Betty Crocker....no more for this site! waste of 2 pounds of ground beef. I've made more meatloaf than I can count.  I've tried a lot of recipes, made my own, and tried some very "different" approaches.  But this one is the one I go back to time and again.  It's really just perfect. I cut the recipe in half for two people.  First time adding tomato sauce.  Meatloaf is in the oven now.
