Fideo
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/74749/fideo/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat oil in a saucepan over medium-high heat. Add fideo; cook and stir until golden brown and toasted. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add 1 cup water and 1/2 of the tomato sauce to fideo. otdash Meredith Food Studio Season with chili powder, cumin, and garlic salt; stir to blend. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bring to a boil and cook until liquid has almost evaporated. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in remaining 1/2 cup water and remaining tomato sauce. Cover and cook over medium heat until fideo is tender and sauce thickens, about 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio
EXCELLENT! I sauted 1/2 onion along with the fideo for about 7 minutes stirring constantly so that the fideo wouldn't burn. Added 2 garlic cloves for 30 seconds. Added 1 1/2 cups chicken broth, 1/2 can tomato sauce, cumin, and salt. After liquid became creamy I added the 2nd half of the sauce as directed.So I really didn't change it up that much. Just added personal tastes. I will definetly use this recipe again. Oh..when I ate it I had shredded chicken with white corn tortillas on the side. THIS ONE IS A KEEPER! It's a good base recipe, must add personal touches My parents always added diced onion to the dish.. I hated it as a kid but now as an adult i put onions in almost everything.  Also you can substitute Angel hair pasta for Fideo pasta. This is VERY good (I'm eating it right now! lol)!!I didn't have fideo pasta, so I took spaghetti and broke it up into 'fideo-length' bits. Ended up having to use more water than what it called for, 1/2 way through the final cooking process. Next time....I'm going to use chicken broth instead of water, and add chunks of onion (I'm currently out of). Loved it!  I ran out of chili powder so I added about a tsp of chili powder, a part of a chili in adobo sauce, some cayenne pepper and garlic salt.  Turned out great!  I served along side chicken with vegetables and corn tortillas and white cheddar cheese. It's a basic start to make it. There's different  variations  to it but was good! I added 1/4 of a cup of corn and stired it up. Has anyone used a different type of pasta instead of Fido noodles? If so please advise? Turned out delicious 😋
