Pressure Cooker Beef Stew
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/75086/pressure-cooker-beef-stew/
Heat oil in the bottom of a pressure cooker over medium-high heat. (If the cooker has an insert, remove it, and cook directly in the bottom of the pot.) Add beef and onion; cook until beef is browned on the outside. Stir in 2 cups water, carrots, and bouillon cubes. Close the lid and secure the pressure regulator. Heat until mixture sizzles, then reduce heat to medium and set the timer for 20 minutes. If you have an adjustable pressure regulator, set it for 10 pounds of pressure. Meanwhile, place potatoes in a saucepan with enough water to cover. Bring to a boil and cook until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain. Let pressure release naturally according to manufacturer's instructions, 5 to 10 minutes. (Mine must sit under cold running water for 5 minutes until the lid can be released.) Remove the lid and place the pot over medium heat. Bring to a boil. Stir cornstarch into a small amount of cold water in a small bowl to make a slurry. Stir slurry into stew; cook until thickened, 2 to 3 minutes. Add potatoes to stew or place in serving dishes and ladle stew over them.
I used this recipe as the basis but I changed/added several things. I dredged the meat in seasoned flour before browning and I used beef broth insead of bouillon. I also added 3 whole cloves of garlic, fresh ground pepper and salt to taste, and 2 teaspoons of Worcheshire. I cooked all this for 10 minutes, cooled it down and added the potatoes and some green peas. I then cooked it for another 10 minutes. I think I cooked it too high toward the end because it began to burn slightly, but it did not affect the taste. It was delicious and fast. Added Celery, bay leaves, fresh rosemary, vegetable stock, fresh garlic and tomato paste with a splash of red wine. If you don't have celery I highly recommend using celery salt because it has an amazing and deep flavour without having the stringy texture of the celery in the stew. This is a perfectly acceptable beef stew that does cook up very nice with very tender beef in a fraction of the time it would take to cook on the stove top, but it is very basic so it's perfect for those that like simple. I did not cook this in a traditional pressure cooker as the recipe is written, but cooked it in my Instant Pot Pressure cooker. Here's what I did: I seasoned the beef with salt and pepper and browned the beef on sauté. Added the liquid (I used Better than Bouillon mixed into warm water) and scraped the bottom of the pan, then added the vegetables (potatoes, carrots, and onions) and cooked on HIGH pressure for 30 minutes with a 10 minute natural release followed by a quick release. I did not cook the potatoes separately as this recipe was written.  I added them with the carrots and onions. The vegetables and the meat were perfect and the potatoes still kept their shape.  The end result was a bit bland for my tastes. I think the broth could benefit from a bit of tomato paste,  garlic, bay leaf, and/or thyme, fresh ground black pepper and some fresh parsley at the end or as a garnish. Added ginger and garlic as well as home made tomato sauce. Enhanced veggies with corn and mushrooms. I’m a fan of cooking stews so this was a bit of a disappointment. This recipe did not spell out directions well enough so some parts were confusing and had me lost. In the end, the stew was flavorless, I had to tweak the recipe to add more spices for flavor. I followed recipe exactly and it was very tasty. My p.c. doesn't have the l-m-h settings so I just used my Sear/Saute function and then set it to the Stew setting and adjusted the time.  Very satisfied with this recipe. Not bad for a few ingredients as it calls for. I would use it in a pinch. I agree that it should be dressed up some with bay leaves, pepper corns and red wine and additional veggies like mushrooms and peas. I also agree that perhaps the carrots get added 10 minutes in to the pressure cooking length of 20 minutes. It's a GF recipe which is a good thing for celiac. This recipe is delicious.  However, it is not necessary to run water for FIVE minutes (wasting  precious water) to let your pressure cooker cool down.  My mom used to use a cool wet cloth to start the cooling process.  Or just let it cool on it's own, it only takes a few minutes. This isn’t the first time I’ve made beef stew in a pressure cooker but it’s been a while. My other pressure cooker died and I wasn’t going to replace it. I couldn’t stand it anymore. I missed my pressure cooker! I really missed making my own sauerkraut and faster corned beef. So, I got another one.I took into consideration some of the changes other people made. To my stew I added celery, garlic, green peas, tomato paste, a splash of red wine, and used beef broth instead of bullion and water. All these additions I had on hand. I cooked the potatoes with the stew of course. I thought it rather odd to cook them separately. The meat portion I cooked for 15 minutes, cooled the cooker, and added potatoes, celery, and carrots. Cooked another 10 minutes. Cooled again and added peas and flour (not corn starch) to thicken. It’s pretty much how I would make it if I hadn’t used a pressure cooker only that takes a lot longer! Simple to make and delicious. I added a little bit of cumin, oregano, and 2 bay leaves. I also used beef broth.
