Spicy Indian Green Beans, Gujarati Style
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/75087/spicy-indian-gujarati-green-beans/
Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Cook green beans briefly in the boiling water, removing after 3 to 4 minutes. Drain, rinse with cold water, and drain again. Blot dry. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Stir in garlic and mustard seed; sauté until golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in chile pepper, then add beans, salt, and sugar. Cook and stir until beans are tender, about 8 minutes. Season with pepper to serve.
This recipe is phenomenal. I've made it many times, varying the recipe each time (adding a bit of fresh ginger, removing the chile peppers, adding additional veggies, reducing oil, etc.) and it always turns out fantastic. It's quick, scalable, fairly healthy and delicious. Thank you, CeesHouse! This was super easy to make and tasty Just about to make this. Saw the comment about Madhur Jaffrey and sure enough - h-this is HER recipe. It is bound to be wonderful. Bit boo to All Recipes for not crediting her. This was great and healthy! I couldn't find the dried pepper at my local grocery store so I had to use dried chile pepper flakes. I love -love --LOVE -this dish!  This has been a consistent crowd pleaser.I have made this about 15x's over the past few years and have turned more than a few people on to this excellent, tasty, and vegetarian side.I cut the oil quite a bit, and use Organic Coconut Oil...I Increase the Red Pepper flakes ('cause I do love the  spiciness of this recipe), ...But whatever you do,..DON'T SKIP the BLACK MUSTARD SEEDS! - They're a little hard to find (try online, like Vitacost.com or Amazon.com) but they MAKE this dish! They're an essential part!It's got all the elements! It's a little salty, a little savory, a little sweet (you NEED the sugar to balance the salt) with a little Indian heat; it's great. - Serve piping-hot w/ fresh ground black pepper! Incredibly simple to make and surprisingly flavorful! Sorted a busy work day in a jiffy. I made this as a side with some curry for indian dinner night with my family. It is delicious, spicy, but not too spicy. I had to go to three stores to find the black mustard seeds, but it was worth it bc they make this dish really tasty. This recipe seems to have been lifted directly from the renowned "Madhur Jaffrey's Indian Cooking" cookbook (page 102) with no attribution.  Excellent recipe though. I followed this recipe to the letter. I used 2 pounds French style beans. I lied I added more Garlic and broke the red pepper. My family wiped them out which they never do. Thank you for a great recipe. Very quick and delicious recipe. My husband loved it. Lady D
