Easy Cheesy Lasagna
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/75654/simply-traditional-lasagna/
Cook ground beef and Italian sausage in a large skillet over medium-high heat until browned and crumbled; drain excess grease. Stir in water and black olives; season with basil, garlic powder, oregano, sage, pepper, minced garlic, and onion flakes. Simmer for about 15 minutes, stirring frequently. Stir in marinara sauce and remove from the heat. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Spoon a layer of the meat and sauce in the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish. Cover with a layer of dry noodles. Spread a thin layer of ricotta cheese over the noodles, then sprinkle with some mozzarella cheese. Cover with another layer of sauce and repeat layering, ending with the meat and sauce on top. Reserve about 1/2 cup mozzarella cheese for later. Bake in the preheated oven for 45 minutes, but check after 30 minutes depending on how thick the lasagna is. Lasagna is cooked when you can easily stick a knife into it. Sprinkle reserved cheese over the top and return to the oven until melted, about 10 minutes.
***I just realized that my recipe was changed. If you can, use fresh finely chopped onions, not dried, and fresh minced garlic instead of or in addition to the garlic powder. I also throw in some finely chopped green bell pepper sometimes. Fresh is just always better to me. And they left out the thyme. Or maybe I forgot it. Who knows? About 1/2 teaspoon in the sauce while its simmering. Yum. ****Just a note, for those of you using the ready-bake noodles, it is NOT necessary and I really don't recommend it. My recipe does not call for it if you look closely. I use REGULAR lasagna noodles and make sure they are fully covered by a watery sauce cuz they will soak it right up. Much better flavor than pre-cooking noodles separate in just plain water!! And use lots of sauce!! ****To give this a health boost, I throw kale and mushrooms in the food processor for a super fine chop and mix it in with the cooking beef and sausage. My kid has no idea he's eating greens and anti-oxidant loaded mushrooms. This is absolutely delicious. The only thing I have ever changed is to put fresh sliced mushrooms in the marinade mix but it's good with or without. I made this lasagna exactly as written.  It was very good, although the texture of the black olives was a little unpleasant.  The recipe calls for 2 teaspoons of black pepper, and it was WAY too much. Next time I will use 1 tsp.  and I will also double the ricotta for a creamier texture. Also, I had to add 3/4 cup more water when I checked the pan at 30 minutes.  I also had to cover it, as the top layer of lasagna noodles was still hard and dry.  Next time I will cover it with aluminum foil from the start and take the foil off at 30 minutes.  The lasagna reheats really well too. I made a few changes, instead of thyme (I had just run out) I used Italian Seasoning which has Thyme and Rosemary in it. Instead of Onion flakes, I used a fresh onion. I also added green and red peppers and mushrooms. I wanted the meat to absorb all those wonderful flavors before I put this in the oven so at the time I added the seasong, I also added the marinara sauce and the meat then let it all simmer together! Yum! I love this and the noodles turn out perfect every time!  I use one of those disposable aluminum pans because we don't have one deep enough, so clean up is pretty easy too.  I change a few things.  I sautee real onions in with the meat, I leave out the olives, and I add in spinach.  I just use fresh spinach and wilt it in a frying pan so it doesn't add any extra moisture to the dish.  I'm sure it would be just as good just as the recipe states but we have a few kids that don't like olives.  It is a pretty great recipe and even my picky eaters love it. Very easy to make and delicious. I recommend sprinkling extra basil on it with the final melting of the cheese! As a bachelor I know nothing of fancy salads and the what have you, so I just ate it with buttered French bread and it was good Tastes great and was fun to do with the kids. Recipe was great. Instructions were clear and concise. Lasagna was fantastic. Whole family loved it. Will be making it again. The only change was omitting the black olives. Family are seconds. Fabulous!! Not having to cook those noodles.....are you kidding me? I will definitely make this again. The seasonings were so delicious, combined with the cheeses. I’m tellin’ you what.
