Raspberry and Strawberry Buckle
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/7603/raspberry-and-strawberry-buckle/
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease one 11x7 inch glass baking dish. Cream 1/2 cup of the butter or margarine with 1/2 cup of the white sugar until light, beat in the egg. Add the baking powder and the salt. Stir in the 2 cups of flour one cup at a time alternating with the yogurt. Spread batter into the prepared pan. Arrange fruit over top of batter. Sprinkle topping over fruit. To Make Topping: Mix together 1/2 cup white sugar, 1/2 cup flour, 1/2 cup butter or margarine, and the cinnamon until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 1 hour and 15 minutes or until the cake is top is puffed and nicely browned. Allow cake to cool. You can serve it directly from the baking dish or for a more attractive presentation, I cut it up into squares and arrange them on a platter. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Excellent recipe. I used my own, frozen, raspberries for the entire recipe (since I didn't have any strawberries on hand). I didn't have any yogurt, either, so I replaced it with sour cream. It came out delicious (albeit with more calories per serving...). This is really delicious!  I made it to bring as a dessert to my daughter's.  I will now have to make another one because I let her keep the leftovers.  I used a 8x11 glass dish, plain greek yogurt and it was done in about 50 minutes.  This is a keeper!  Thanks for sharing! Baked this 15 minutes less than stated and it was tough and dry. There are better buckle recipes out there. I was skeptical after the reviews but I think this was really good.  I cut it to 8 servings since there’s only 2 of us.  Only real changes I made was called for 1/2 an egg.  I used the whole egg.  Frozen raspberries that I ran hot water onto loosen them up and added 1/2 tsp of vanilla to the batter.  Topping I used about 3 Tbsp of butter.  I will make this again! Do wish I’d thought to place a baking sheet under the baking dish! Juices overflowed and burned in the oven. House filled with smoke. Well, we learned that our smoke alarms don’t work... Will make this again. (Added lemon and orange peel to the dough. Used brown sugar in the cake, white in the topping. Some WW flour in the dough.) Delicious!  (Note: I don’t see a print option on these recipes! Tried on my iPad and laptop. Frustrating!) Went strawberry picking and had lots of fresh, ripe berries so I made this buckle.  Very easy recipe and suprisingly thick dough. It came out pretty good (the family loved it). I only baked mine 60 minutes and to be honest I think it should have come out even sooner.  Next time I'll start checking it at 50 minutes. I will also add some vanilla to the batter as I think it was missing that.  I followed others instructions to use 1/4 c butter in the topping and that was plenty. Good recipe that I will also try with other fruits. 5/19 made with 1 t vanilla and only baked 50 min it was perfect. It was very good I added some buttermilk , vanilla, and more fruit to the top and used less butter. I baked mine in a deep round pan and cooked it for 70 min. It was very moist and yummy. I will make it again I had it in for about 63 minutes and it burnt a little, but it was still very good.  Can't wait to try again with less time in the oven.  (Maybe because of higher altitude) I followed the advice of one person and cut the butter and sugar in half and then doubled the egg & fruit  and added an extra 1/4 cup of yogurt. I also used whole wheat flour. It tasted good, but I gave it 5 stars because I imagine the way it is written it would be worthy of 5 stars. I give my healthier version 4 stars.
