Quick Baby Back Ribs
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/76057/quick-baby-back-ribs/
Prepare an outdoor grill for indirect heat with a pile of charcoal on one side and nothing under the food. Once it is going, spread soaked mesquite woodchips on top of charcoal embers. Remove membrane from ribs. Combine salt, pepper, paprika, chile powder, and thyme in a small bowl; rub into ribs. Cut the slab of ribs in half. Place ribs over indirect heat; close the lid. Cook for 20 minutes, then brush ribs with barbeque sauce. Cover and continue cooking for 30 more minutes.
So easy! We have a gas grill, so we cooked them in the oven at 500 for 15 minutes, then on the grill for 15. I didn’t cut the rack of ribs in half but did strip the membrane. And I used what spices I had on hand closest to what’s called for. So substituted smoked Paprika and Tony Chacheres spices n herbs creole seasoning instead of ancho Chile and omitted Thyme because I didn’t have any. I also have a gas grill so no smoked chips. I couldn’t see heating up an oven in the summertime to precook them. Just wrapped in foil like others said and used indirect heat in the grill for 45 minutes turning the packet every 15 minutes. Took it out of the foil and grilled on rack 15 minutes turning halfway through. Turned out GREAT! Tasty and tender in an hour. I adjusted times and ingredients a bit (used my own rub) but followed instructions for my infrared grill and the ribs were great.  Even my hubby who is not a fan of pork ribs loved them.  Will make again. LOVED the rub too -  used chipotle chili pepper for ancho chili pepper because that's what I had.  Easy recipe for delicious ribs. Used a different dry rub, but this method, and Oh My Stars & Garters they were good! Delicious recipe. We let them cook as instructed for a couple hours versus the time listed - they were tender and juicy. Author say wont be tough like smoked ribs. The way described cooking is considered smoking. Indirect heat and wood chips, that's smoking. I cooked it about 30 min longer. Then they were falling off the bone. Easy and delicious. Used recipe as a general guide. I marinated the ribs in apple cider vinegar for a few min. Rolled the ribs in salt/sugar/garlic/paprika then grilled low and slow then dotted with sweet baby rays. Bliss. Cooked about twice as long as stated, still not really falling-foo-the-bone-done like rips should be. Mostly what I could taste was the pepper in the rub and the BBQ sauce. I should have known this was too good to be true.
