Apple Cake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/7615/apple-cake-i/
Gather ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease and flour a 9x13-inch baking pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Beat butter, applesauce, and eggs together in a large bowl with an electric mixer until foamy. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add flour, brown sugar, cinnamon, vanilla, baking powder, baking soda, and salt; mix until well combined. Stir in apples. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour batter into the prepared pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center of cake comes out clean, 25 to 30 minutes. Cool in the pan for 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Enjoy!
I had to write a review after reading this recipe card. I have been making this exact cake for nearly 20 years. You can easily cut down on up to 1/2 the oil, and about 1/4 of the sugar if you want. You can also replace 1/2 of the sugar with brown sugar or bakable splenda. Yes, the cake get's alittle mushy after 24 hours, but really does it last that long at your house? Not mine! Finally, why are we peeling the apples? Unless you really don't like "crunchy" or just plain don't like apples, leave the skin on. It brings a whole new depth to the dish. Plus, you will get the health benefits! Give it a try. The cake is awesome. I have made this recipe as-is several times in a 9x13 pan but decided to try it in a muffin pan.  I was able to make 12 muffins and had a little batter left, so I baked that in a bread loaf pan (pan measures 8x4 at the bottom). Both methods I baked for 25 minutes, and I sprinkled a mixture of equal parts flour, brown sugar, and cinnamon on top before baking (2 tablespoons each, which was more than enough). I used cupcake liners  in the muffin pan, which don't come off easily when you're ready to eat one, so I think I'll forego those next time and just use pan spray. Loaf turned out well but since the amount of leftover batter wasn't very much, the loaf is rather small and flat, but still tastes good! Love how my house smells after making this!! Great base recipe that is easily modified to fit preferences. I added a wee bit of nutmeg and allspice, increased the vanilla to 2 tsp, and baked in a Bundt pan. The house smells great! Thank you for a great recipe! This apple cake is quite delicious! I did have a bit of difficulty understanding exactly what fat to use, however--as the reviews indicate the original recipe called for oil, then the notes on the recipe state the 'Test Kitchen' changed that to using a mix of melted butter and applesauce. And then in the ingredient list it calls for "1/2 cup butter, softened". So some confusion on that. I went ahead and honored the original recipe and used oil, and would do that again. I made half the recipe in an 8x8 inch square pan, and used 1/4 cup oil plus 1/4 cup apple juice (didn't have applesauce). I used 2 smallish Granny Smith apples, chopped small, and that was a great amount of apples for the cake. It did take longer to bake--like 45 minutes or so. The end result, however, is a deliciously moist cake full of apple-cinnamon flavor. It's delightful! Thanks so much for sharing your recipe! I kept the recipe as is, as this was my first time truly baking. Family and co-workers love it! Definitely recommend. Very good This may not be the prettiest cake you’ve ever made, but it’ll rank right up there with one of the tastiest. I wanted to reduce the amount of sugar, so I used Splenda® Sugar Blend which worked out fine. Scaled this in half, used Granny Smith apples, baked in an 8x8 dish, cooked for 35 minutes, and cut into 9 servings. After mixing the apples into the thick batter, I was concerned that there were too many, but those diced apples are what make this so delicious. Each serving is packed with sweet apples in every bite, it’s really light and moist, and a sprinkle of some confectioners sugar styles it up a bit. This one’s simple to make and a keeper! Very good cake. The amount of apples is what makes this cake so moist. The center was soft and tender while the top was crunchy. Sprinkled with powdered sugar for visual effects but it is not needed. Will make again. Thanks for sharing. Such a delicious cake! I cut the recipe in half and used Honeycrisp apples. I cooked it in an 8x8 pan.  It is a very dense cake overflowing with apples. The inside is tender but the outside is crunchy. I loved this cake. It’s a little dense but might be because I didn’t beat eggs and oil well enough, not sure. But still really good. It’s a sweet cake, so be aware of that. Mine came out with this crunchy top that was unexpected. The apples are tender crisp. I used Granny Smiths. The batter is more like a dough and does not “pour” into pan. It’s such an easy cake to make, and a one bowl one at that. I’ll definitely make this again.
