Grandmother's Buttermilk Cornbread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/76594/grandmothers-buttermilk-cornbread/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease an 8-inch square pan. Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Remove from heat and stir in sugar. Quickly whisk in eggs. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine buttermilk and baking soda in a small bowl; whisk mixture into the skillet. Stir in cornmeal, flour, and salt until well-blended and only a few lumps remain. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour batter into the prepared pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 30 to 40 minutes. Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
Awesome 5++ stars. To the readers who had dry bread.... 1/4 lb not 1/4 cup butter!!! This might have made a difference if you read it wrong, 1/4 lb is 1/2 cup of butter. Also I put it in my greased preheated iron skillet for 25 min, excellent!! Too eggy more like a corn pudding. Great recipe, I make it all the time.  I used 1 1/4 cup buttermilk. I mixed the cornmeal with the buttermilk and let it sit for 30 min. Then mixed the rest of the wet ingredients into the corn-milk. Mixed all the rest of dry ingredients and then mixed together. I cook in a smoking hot cast iron frying pan with 1/4 cup of either butter, coconut oil, or bacon grease added just before the batter. Then straight in the oven. Takes around 20-25 min. Crust is fantastic if you do it this way. This was very easy to make.  I made a test one. It disappeared fast. Today I made 3 for a chili party. 2 with jalapeño and cheese. One plain one.This recipe is a keeper. Even my mom who never liked cornbread loved it! So good! Reduced sugar to 1/2 cup and it was plenty sweet enough.  Per another reviewer: combined dry ingredients (except sugar) , melted butter in  microwave and added sugar to the butter,   whisked eggs into buttermilk.  Added baking soda to the buttermilk and then mixed ALL ingredients.  Turned out really well.  Didn't miss the extra sugar. This is the best cornbread I have ever made .. it is now a family favorite
