Make-Ahead Turkey Gravy
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/76604/make-ahead-turkey-gravy/
Gather all ingredients. llrecipes/Oana Enni Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Arrange turkey wings in a single layer in a large roasting pan; scatter onions over top. llrecipes/Oana Enni Roast in the preheated oven until wings are browned, about 1 hour 15 minutes. llrecipes/Oana Enni Transfer wings and onions to a 5-quart stockpot. llrecipes/Oana Enni Add water to the roasting pan and stir, scraping up any brown bits on the bottom of the pan. llrecipes/Oana Enni Pour water and pan scrapings into the stockpot. llrecipes/Oana Enni Stir in 6 cups chicken broth, carrots, and thyme. Set over medium-high heat and bring to a boil. llrecipes/Oana Enni Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer, uncovered, for 1 ½ hours. Transfer wings to a cutting board and let sit until cool enough to handle. Pull off skin and meat. Discard skin and reserve meat for another use. llrecipes/Oana Enni Pour contents of the stockpot through a large strainer into a 3-quart saucepan. Press on vegetables in the strainer to extract any remaining liquid; discard vegetables. llrecipes/Oana Enni Skim and discard fat from the turkey broth, then bring to a gentle boil. llrecipes/Oana Enni Whisk flour into the remaining 2 cups chicken broth in a bowl until smooth. llrecipes/Oana Enni Gradually whisk flour mixture into the simmering turkey broth. Simmer, whisking occasionally, until gravy has thickened, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in butter and pepper. llrecipes/Oana Enni Serve immediately or pour into containers, cool, and refrigerate or freeze.
I'm only giving this a 4 but I think it could be a 5 if the directions are changed slightly. I should have followed my gut feeling and reserved the separated fat to make a roux. If I would have done this there would not have been a floury taste. Do this by whisking the flour into the reserved fat over medium until golden, and then whisk back into the strained broth and drippings. I'll have to make my gravy tomorrow with my turkey drippings after all but maybe I can add this floury gravy to it. Hate to waste it but can't serve it the way it taste right now. Excellent concept with minor changes!!! Thank you!!! It’s great. The garlic is not necessary and adding two stalks of chopped celery rounds this out. I had to double it since I was cooking  a huge family dinner. I make this a couple weeks ahead of Thanksgiving and Christmas every year. I follow recipe to the end of the stock stage WITHOUT skimming the fat. I then refrigerate for a day , skim the solidified fat and freeze the fat and broth separately until I’m ready to make the actual gravy the day before the meal. Using turkey fat in the roux makes a big difference in my opinion. I just reheat on the day of the big meal and add any drippings. It was incredible! I love that it's smooth and tasty! This is sooooo good and flavorful. everyone loved it. I liked that it was also able to be made ahead Gravy was good but I preferred the richness of flavor from the actual turkey drippings. I bought prepackaged turkey wings but turned out to be wings and legs! Do I need to make any adjustments? so good, makes a lot of gravy but it's delicious This recipe is my all time favorite for creating bonus gravies. I swap out the water and deglaze the pan with a cup of barrel aged hard cider. It’s been a must have at the table for the last 10 years! While I would admit this recipe is a lot of work, I cannot understand all the negative reviews concerning floury flavor. My family loved this and it was nice to not have to deal with gravy making at the end of the turkey meal cooking cycle.
