Italian Sausage, Peppers, and Onions
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/76808/italian-sausage-peppers-and-onions/
Cook sausage in a large skillet over medium heat until brown on all sides, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from skillet, and slice. Melt butter in the same skillet. Stir in onions and garlic, and cook 2 to 3 minutes. Mix in bell peppers, season with basil and oregano, and stir in 1/4 cup wine. Continue to cook and stir until peppers and onions are tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Return sausage slices to the skillet. Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer 15 minutes, or until sausage is heated through, adding more wine if needed. Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
Fabulous! I use beer instead of wine, olive oil instead of butter, and a yellow pepper instead of green. I serve this in rolls and it's a family favorite. This is my go-to for sausage and peppers.  It's easy enough to make from memory after a couple of times, and the ingredients aren't complicated.  Make exactly as-is, or I sometimes use Italian seasoning in place of the basil & oregano.  Made for my son and his wife after they had their fifth baby and she said it was the best she's ever tasted - I have to agree!  Make sure to really brown the life out of the sausage! Simple recipe. I used a very small amount of olive oil to brown the sausage. Used chicken broth rather than wine. Did not use the full amount of liquid. Turned out great and flavorful. I got free seed for Italian frying peppers this year, then had no recipe to go with them when they ripened.  I had no red onion, so I used only a large yellow onion.  I used a couple of sweet bell peppers along with the 4-5 frying peppers.  The result was delicious.  My husband liked it so well, I was lucky to have enough to try today as a pizza topping. so amazing.  I used beer instead of wine.  I cant wait to make it again So easy to do and such a crowd pleaser. Simple to make and my family & friends can’t get enough of it. So flavorful! I make it and put it into the crockpot to simmer until serving and the sausage are like butter. 🤤
