Southwestern-Flavored Ground Beef or Turkey for Tacos & Salad
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/76984/southwestern-flavored-ground-beef-or-turkey-for-tacos-salad/
Heat oil in a 12-inch skillet until shimmering. Add onion; saute until soft, about 5 minutes. Add garlic, chili powder, oregano and cumin; saute until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add beef or turkey and cook, stirring often, until it loses its raw color. Stir in tomatoes; simmer to blend flavors, about 5 minutes. Add salt and pepper, to taste. Stir in cornmeal; cook, stirring constantly, until it thickens, almost instantly. Cool and refrigerate (or serve warm for dinner as tacos or taco salad).
This was just great! I halved the recipe and used 1 cup of salsa in place of the diced tomoato. The spices tasted like packaged taco seasoning without all that sodium! What an excellent and easy alternative! Great receipt.  Our granddaughter (8 years old) said she wanted the premix version by name brands. But after her first taco she had 4 more.  Love the recipe. Huge hit!! OMG the cornmeal was everything I needed. I’m so excited to finally figure out what was missing for so long!!! I made this with ground beef, it turned out great. The leftover meat I used for  simply nachos topped with cheese and salsa. Made this with Venison Sausage and it was wonderful Was looking for a base for taco salad.  Didn't want to eat it for days so made 1/3 (did use 1/2 of the dried oregano.  It was great! This is the best taco meat ever!! I don’t just use it for taco salad - also use for regular tacos and taco casserole!! I will NEVER use taco seasoning packets again! This is the best without all the sodium that the packets have!! Highly recommend! I did follow the directions - but for the diced tomatoes - used tomatoes with green chilies and added a bit of Slap Yo Mama seasoning to add some heat & kick!! YUM!! I used salsa instead of the canned tomatoes. Otherwise, I pretty much followed the recipe. There was enough left for taco salad the next day. I added kidney beans and fresh chopped tomatoes. My family loved this one! We only used 1 pound of ground turkey and cut the rest of the recipe in half and, oh yes we forgot the garlic it was still very good!We enjoyed! Not bad out of the “box”. It is a do again. When I do I will play with the recipe. Will keep you dated.
