Apple Cheesecake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/7700/autumn-cheesecake/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). To make the crust: Mix graham cracker crumbs, pecans, melted butter, sugar, and cinnamon together in a bowl until well combined. otdash Meredith Food Studio Press the graham cracker mixture into the bottom of a 9-inch springform pan. Bake in the preheated oven for 10 minutes. Remove from the oven; leave the oven on. otdash Meredith Food Studio To make the filling: Beat cream cheese and sugar in a mixing bowl with an electric mixer on medium speed until smooth. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in vanilla extract. Pour filling into the baked crust. otdash Meredith Food Studio To make the topping: Place apples in a bowl. Stir sugar and cinnamon together in a smaller bowl; pour over apples and toss to coat. Spoon sugared apples over filling, then sprinkle pecans over top. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the oven until edges are puffed, 60 to 70 minutes. Run the tip of a table knife around the edges of the pan, set the pan on a wire rack, and allow the cheesecake to cool at room temperature, about 1 hour. Refrigerate until completely chilled, 4 hours to overnight. otdash Meredith Food Studio
In a word - Fabulous! If you LOVE apples and you LOVE cheesecake then this dessert is for you! I had my eye on this for a while and decided to make this for Thanksgiving and was so glad I did! The crust is awesome. The cheesecake itself is oh so creamy - definitely double it for this recipe as this is more of a New York Style cheesecake. The topping is equally delightful. You really need to microwave the apples to get them tender first. I also took the advice of another reviewer and did a streusel topping - flour, brown sugar, cinnamon, and butter combined until crumbly. I threw that over top before baking the cheesecake in a water bath (definitely do a water bath). This cheesecake turned out so incredibly good that I'll definitley be making this again! Picked a peck of apples and needed a recipe to make something different.  This came out amazing! The only change I made was to add a layer of homemade apple butter on top under the pecans and apple slices. Absolutely incredible!!! 🥰🥰 i used it for my family recipe for school lol this is a lifesaver 4 cups = 5-6 medium to smallish size apples. I added 1/4 cup craisons for the top and used walnuts for the crust, pecans for the topping Easy and delicious cheesecake that came out perfect! Perfect for Thanksgiving dessert. I had some leftover graham cracker crumbs, so I added a sprinkle of those to the apples before baking. I have made this several times along with many other types of cheesecake. It’s delicious and most everyone loves it, but it seems to be especially popular with people like my wife, who generally don’t like cheesecake. And the balance seems to be just right for her, though some people have commented that cheesecakes are usually much higher. I think that may be the issue with some of the negative reviews here but of course I don’t know. First time baking a cheesecake and this was so easy and turned out amazing!  I did add one additional 8oz of cream cheese, one additional egg, used evaporated milk and 1/2 teaspoon more of vanilla.  I used cinnamon graham crackers and added an additional teaspoon of butter for the crust.  I used a pan of water on the shelf below my springform.  My family loved it and asked if I’d make it for the holidays.  My aunt even said I could sell these cheesecakes because it was so good…lol!  I used a mandolin to slice my apples super thin and microwaved them for 2 minutes then sprinkled half brown and half white sugar rather than all white and the cinnamon.  Drained the apples and just layered them on top in no pretty design.  I also made a Carmel sauce to drizzle on top that was on this same website.  I baked for 70 minutes and then left the oven door cracked for an hour to cool in the oven.  Left it to cool another 45 minutes on the counter before refrigerating. The cheesecake had good flavor but was flat I think the cream cheese and eggs need to be doubled. I made this recipe almost to a T. I used walnuts instead of pecans, I had walnuts on hand, and mixed them with the apples. I had them chopped fine, then poured it all over. The cheesecake turned out amazing. I will definitely make it again. The crust was amazing and the top was delicious.
