Crispy Rosemary Chicken and Fries
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/77489/crispy-rosemary-chicken-and-fries/
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Toss chicken and potatoes with oil in a large bowl; transfer to a large baking dish or cookie sheet with sides. Sprinkle with rosemary, oregano, garlic powder, salt, and pepper. Bake in the preheated oven, uncovered, for 1 hour; baste during last 15 minutes for extra crispness.
This recipe was delcious, especially the potatoes.... I did what others had suggested and drained the oil after an hour of baking, and then cooked it for another 15 minutes. I just eyeballed the seasonings to my taste and found the potatoes did need a little more salt when they had finished. They were fabulous though-- crispy on the outside as others had said, and soft on the inside. The chicken crisped up perfectly, though may have been a tad dry after cooking for an hour fifteen. Next time,I will likely pull it out after the first hour. Overall, super! Delicious and easy. My husband and son enjoyed it. Next time I'll add more seasoning. Used foil to make clean up easier.  Lost part of my potatoes. My bad.  Will definitely make this again I  used Italian seasoning with some garlic powder and Paprika as seasoning, and as  several other reviewers mentioned, I drained off the fat at 40 minutes in  then returned it to the oven to finish baking.  It was perfect.  Fries crisp on the outside, flaky inside.  Chicken fell off the bone, crisp flavorful skin, everything perfectly seasoned. Loved it. Great and simple I followed the recipe almost exactly, except I used chicken legs and it was more than the recipe asked for. I read some of the other reviews and agree with draining the oil and the bland taste. I however forgot to put salt (my mistake). I did add basil and parsley. I also used sweet potatoes and carrots. but the flavor was simple. This is a good recipe if you're on a diet, eating something light, or want to try something healthier. I will make this again but with some alterations, it was overall a decent meal Easy, delicious. I added onion and carrots. It gets 5 stars because my picky son loved it. He likes chicken, but he doesn't always like other things. I had to use a few different herbs because the place we are staying didn't have the exact. I also tossed the herbs in the bowl with the oil and I think that worked better than only sprinkling them on the top. Definitely recommend this dish. Very easy. Edited to add that I used chicken breast tenders instead of thighs because they were on clearance. I made this with 1 chicken breast, 1 whole pheasant, yellow potatoes, 1 sweet potato and dried herbs. I took the meat out at about 45 minutes and wrapped it in aluminum foil, so the meat stayed warm in the oven but didn't get dried out. So easy and so so good!
