Pumpkin Turkey Chili
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/77797/pumpkin-turkey-chili/
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onion, green bell pepper, yellow bell pepper, and garlic; cook and stir until tender. Stir in turkey and cook until evenly brown; drain. Mix in tomatoes and pumpkin. Season with chili powder, pepper, and salt. Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer 15 to 20 minutes. Serve topped with Cheddar cheese and sour cream.
I am only giving this four stars because the orginal recipe was too bland for my taste. I added a few things: one can each of corn, black beans, and green chilies, about 2 tsp each of cumin and corriander, about 2 tbsp orange juice concentrate, about 1 1/2 tbsp honey, 2 bay leaves, more salt, about 2 cups of tomato juice, about 1/4 tsp red pepper flakes for some heat. Of course, I did not add cheese or sour cream, but I beleive a dish should be able to stand on its own, with condiments only to enhance. This recipe is totally original, and I will definately make my version again. Thanks for the recipe! To spice it up a little bit, added one quarter teaspoon of red pepper flakes into the oil with the onions and peppers... And one can of rinsed black beans to make it a bit heartier Didn’t expect this to be so good! I used a can of corn instead of bell peppers because I don’t like them. I also added some honey for added sweetness and some red pepper flakes for spice, and I used pizza mozzarella instead of cheddar cheese. I’m a chef and I read the recipe and that won’t work whatsoever rewrite it Bunny babies was right she needed to add all these ingredients to it to make it into something The family loved it! This was great.  I added 1/2 tsp of cumin and 1 cup chicken broth and a lot of extra salt.  It had the slightest bit of sweetness from the pumpkin.  It was super easy and I would make again. I make this all the time.  The only thing I change- leave out turkey burger and add kidney beans- vegetarian. This was wonderful.  I doubled the recipe and added black beans, corn, red peppers, diced tomatoes with green chiles and a tiny bit of cinnamon.  No one even used the sour cream.  None of us had ever tried pumpkin in chili before.  Such an easy recipe.  Will definitely make it again. I have never seen pumpkin in a chili recipe! we really enjoyed it. I cooked the onion, garlic and peppers and then added cooked ground turkey. I then put it into a crock pot for about 4 hours. I added some cumin, cinnamon and 2 cans of diced tomatoes . I also threw in some frozen corn. This was a great recipe!!!5 stars because of the choice of ingredients used!I'm glad I read the reviews though because I did add a little more seasoning then recommended and it came out great! I also added just a little more pumpkin but I'm just a pumpkin fanatic lolLoved that there's no beans added to this recipe. Making it again tonight per request of the household This recipe is something everyone will love. I added a little bit of southwest seasoning but nothing too spicy or much. We always top with sour cream and cheddar cheese. This was surprisingly good.  I made it "as is".  I might add some black beans next time, but really enjoyed the straight recipe this time.  I will definitely make this again!
