German Marble Cake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/7807/german-marble-cake/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour one 10 inch tube pan. In a large bowl, cream the butter with the sugar. Beat in the eggs, then the milk and almond extract. In another bowl, stir together the flour, baking powder and salt. Beat the flour mixture into the creamed mixture. Turn half of the batter into another bowl and stir in the cocoa and rum. Layer the light and dark batters by large spoonfuls and then swirl slightly with a knife. Bake the cake in at 350 degree F (175 degree C) for about 70 minutes, or until it tests done with a toothpick. Transfer to a rack to cool. Makes about 14 to 16 servings.
This is a very good recipe. For the lady that thought the cake was to dry and needed frosting.....Germans do not use frostings. I am German and when i moved here i lost my recipe and it was to late to call my mom so i looked this webpage up and tryed the recipe,....and i have to say it was very very good....it now is in my owne recipe book and i make it at least once a week.All my friends love it and they like that it is easy and is not so sweet as they are used to with american cakes. Used this recipe for a Barbie Doll Cake (well, a Barbenheimer cake, actually). Had enough batter for an 8 inch dome and then an 8-inch round that I left un-marbled for the kid who isn't a chocolate fan. Really nice cake recipe! Next time I'll leave it unfrosted, as it should be. Love this cake made it a few different times no substitutions the only difference is I also made homemade frosting, Really good! Very moist , great rum flavor in the chocolate part. Added the vanilla pudding mix on the recommendation of other reviewers. I remember my Oma separating the eggs and beating the whites until stiff peaks formed, then folding those into the dough (as other reviewers mentioned to do). She did this for many recipes, so I did it for this one, and it was perfect!!! I followed the directions, and then dusted with powdered sugar after it cooled down, once baked. It was a little sweet with the dusting, so I might cut the sugar back a little in the recipe next time to account for that extra dusting. This one is definitely staying in my recipe catalog!! Dense and dry, even with the addition of vanilla pudding mix. We didn’t care for it. Perfect!  Great recipe that isn’t overly sweet like American cakes.  The flavor and texture were divine! I used whisky because we didn't have rum, and made them into little cupcakes. Love the taste... They're crunchy on the outside and soft in the middle! Y U M M Y It tasted AMAZING! I loved the almond extract flavor, and it is delicious with no frosting. The chocolate didn't have too much flavor but it still tasted great. It was easy and will definitely make it again.
