Gorditas
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/78174/gorditas/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir masa harina, water, and salt together in a large bowl until combined. otdash Meredith Food Studio Whisk flour and baking powder together in a small bowl until combined. otdash Meredith Food Studio Gradually stir flour mixture and shortening into masa harina mixture, using clean hands when mixture is cool enough to touch. If dough seems dry, add more hot water, 1 to 3 teaspoons at a time, until dough is somewhat clay-like in texture, evenly moistened, and tacky but not sticky. otdash Meredith Food Studio Evenly divide and roll dough into 6 balls (about 2 ½ inches or 2 ¾ ounces each); keep covered with plastic wrap while working. otdash Meredith Food Studio Line a work surface with waxed paper or plastic wrap; sprinkle lightly with water. Working with one ball at a time, flatten balls on the wet surface into a 5 ½-inch disc (about until about 1⁄8-inch thick). Transfer discs to a waxed paper- or plastic wrap-lined baking sheet; keep covered with plastic wrap while working with remaining dough.  otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat a griddle or comal over medium heat. Working in batches if needed, cook gorditas until dry to the touch with some small, very lightly golden spots, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. Place gorditas in a single layer, uncovered, on large plates or a large baking sheet. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat oil in a large, heavy skillet over medium to medium-high heat until hot enough to bubble immediately when edge of gordita is dipped in. Fry gorditas, one by one, until puffed, gently pressing it down into the oil occasionally with a spatula, about 45 seconds per side. otdash Meredith Food Studio Drain briefly on paper towels, then cut crosswise to create an opening large enough to stuff gorditas full of your favorite foods. Enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
I use to crave gorditas from a mexican dinner outside of town where I use to live but now I can make them myself. These came out really good. After pulling out excess masa left inside I filled them with refried beans, meat and potatoes, then topped them with lettuce, tomato, cheese, and sour cream.(Like a taco)If you aren't use to working with masa don't worry if it feels a bit sticky at first and masa will not expand outward so make them as round as you need room to fill. With that said, this recipe comes out delicious every time! I think i'll try breakfast gorditas this weekend. It was so good, I put all of my favorites in it even two big scopes of salsa. I made two different recipes.  This one turned out perfectly. The only thing I did differently was to add 1 tsp of baking powder. My family was so happy. Even my son, who doesn't eat  much of what I make loved them. Very happy momma. Super easy to make. Easy and delicioso!!!!I went 5:3 masa harina:a-p flour instead of 1:1 to get a stronger corn flavor. Plus I added a tsp of sugar to try to get it to brown better during cooking but I'm not sure it did anything.I thought 90 mins was an overestimate but that is actually about right for timing.Stuffed full with rice, cabbage and protein, but the "li'l fatties" held up strong.This is a go-to recipe for fresh tortilla from now on. If you use INSTANT masa then they won't be flat. Usually any flour, corn meal or anything like that this is instant has baking powder included. If not instant you have to add it. The baking powder is what causes the puff. I did add a teaspoon of baking powder to my flour mixture and instead of using hot water I use chicken broth. I did not need to add any more water. I put a little bit of bacon grease on my griddle before cooking them when they were golden I put them straight in the oil I put them in my deep fryer they instantly started puffing I had to deep fry on high and it was good in hot so if you're having problems getting it to puff make sure your oil is hot My husband enjoyed them, found them very filling, told me it was a keeper recipe.  I was disappointed (hence the 4 stars) as the interior seemed a little raw and they never puffed.  I'd been hoping to make arepas but at the store couldn't find the right precooked arepa masa only the instant corn masa mix.  I googled and got this recipe.  Probably should have read the reviews before I made it not after!  ha ha Next time I'm going to add self-rising flour in place of the all purpose flour.  Or simply add baking soda/powder as some of the reviewers suggest.  For certain they had great flavor  and worked well with the beef/beans!  Thanks for sharing. Awesome! These came out so good and family loved it! After a trip to Mexico, my husband and I were seriously craving gorditas.. This recipe was perfect! I sometimes put a little garlic salt in with the flour.
