White Texas Sheet Cake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/7820/white-texas-sheet-cake/
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). In a large saucepan, bring 1 cup butter and water to a boil. Remove from heat, and stir in flour, sugar, eggs, sour cream, 1 teaspoon almond extract, salt, and baking soda until smooth. Pour batter into a greased 10x15-inch baking pan. Bake in the preheated oven for 20 to 22 minutes, or until cake is golden brown and tests done. Cool for 20 minutes. Combine 1/2 cup butter and milk in a saucepan; bring to a boil. Remove from heat. Mix in sugar, and 1/2 teaspoon almond extract. Stir in pecans. Spread frosting over warm cake.
Everytime I make this cake for work I go home with an empty pan. However, I prefer to use cream cheese frosting. It goes very well with this cake. 1 package of cream cheese, 1 box of powdered sugar, 1 tbsp. butter and 1/2 tsp. almond extract This cake is a 10/10! Absolutely delicious! Never reviewed a recipe before but I made an account just for this one. Make it!Note: I didn’t have a sheet pan so I used a 9x13 (details below)Here are the adjustments I made for my situation:1) Used a greased 9x13 pan. Increased time to 30 minutes. I’m at high altitude, so your 9x13 cake might take less time to bake. Always check!2) Based on advice of another reviewer, I tempered the eggs before adding to hot batter.  Worked great!3) I changed up the *method* with the frosting using same ingredients- just made a boiled frosting.  Basically, toss butter in a pot over medium (careful not to burn). Add milk, stir and let it come to a boil (again, keep the heat medium to prevent scalding).   Once it boils, add in sugar and extract. STIR CONTINUOUSLY! This is critical or your sugar will burn!  Once it starts to bubble around the edges of the pot, turn off the heat, dump in your pecans (I used pecan chips but you do you!).  Stir, and pour over cake.    Boiled frosting is delicious and has a fudge-like consistency.I loved this cake! My dude loved this cake! His office loved this cake! Make the cake! Great cake recipe, though I agree with Tim - the frosting ingredients must be off.  The frosting was very pasty.  I had to use another frosting recipe (cream cheese frosting), after throwing out this recipe's frosting, which worked well with the cake. No changes except adding colors to the icing for the grandkids! I printed this recipe out in2016 and in 2024 it's still a keeper. I baked it yesterday to take to a celebration of life today. It was a hit and went a long way cutting in approx  2" x 2" squares. Very moist and dense. I am here making another copy for someone who requested the recipe. The only thing I noticed that was different from before was walnuts were listed in the ingredients and pecans in Step 4. I used walnuts. I also tempered the eggs before adding them to the hot liquid just in case and flipped the pan around half way during cooking time. The frosting came out a bit too dry/thick to spread so I added just a little extra milk. Easy fix. I love the almond flavor. Yummy!!! This cake was super easy to make and everyone who tried it, loved it. One batch of frosting didn’t cover the cake, so I quickly whipped up a second batch of frosting. It was a lot of frosting, but it covered the cake and the frosting was delicious. It was like a layer of white fudge. The only other thing I changed was adding walnuts to the frosting since I was out of pecans. This recipe is a keeper! I made this for my daughter's graduation party. It was wonderful. I also made a traditional chocolate Texas Sheet Cake, but this was my favorite. I love the almond flavor. A nice and easy recipe. I'm making it again for a family reunion on Saturday. Have made this twice, as written, and both times it was a big hit. So moist and flavorful!! I loved the cake itself.  The frosting ingredients MUST be off.  I've tried to make it several times dumping the freshly made hot frosting on the hot cake as it comes out of the oven but the frosting is always like a thick bread dough paste.  Either it needs more milk in the ingredients amount or less sugar.  Next time I  might try to go with a box of confectioners sugar which not as much.  It weighs 16 oz. but not sure of the amount.  But I love the taste of this cake.
