Boilermaker Tailgate Chili
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/78299/boilermaker-tailgate-chili/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat a large stock pot over medium-high heat. Crumble ground chuck and sausage into the hot pan. Cook, stirring frequently, until meat is evenly browned. Drain off excess grease. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour in chili beans, spicy chili beans, diced tomatoes, and tomato paste. Add celery, onion, bell peppers, chile peppers, bacon bits, bouillon, beer, 1/4 cup chili powder, garlic, Worcestershire sauce, oregano, cumin, hot pepper sauce, basil, cayenne, paprika, sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1 teaspoon black pepper. Stir to blend, then cover and simmer over low heat for at least 2 hours, stirring occasionally. otdash Meredith Food Studio Taste and season with more salt, pepper, and chili powder if necessary. The longer the chili simmers, the better it will taste. Remove from the heat and serve, or cool, refrigerate, and reheat the next day. otdash Meredith Food Studio To serve, ladle hot chili into bowls and top with corn chips and Cheddar cheese. Enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
This recipe was an excellent starter but I modified it to my taste. I was afraid that this recipe was too spicy and reduced some of the spiciness. It still has a kick to it. I made this for a Chili Cookoff and it won 2nd place(pretty good for getting there late). Here are my changes: 1) 3 (15 ounce) cans chili beans in mild sauce, NOT drained. 2) 1 (15 oz) can chili beans in medium sauce, 3) I omitted the celery and tabasco sauce, 4)1 jalapeno instead of chile peppers, 5) 3 tablespoons of bacon bits, 6) 1 cup of beer 7) Instead of using 2 (28oz) cans of diced tomatoes with juice, I used 3 (14 1/2 oz) can of diced tomatoes and 1 (14 1/2 oz) can of diced tomatoes with basil/oregano/garlic. 8) I cooked this in a slow cooker for 8 hours the day before, let it sit overnight and heated it up and served it the next day with cheese on top. I also froze the left overs and it taste even better!! I made a few changes in the recipe. I only added 1/4 teaspoon of cayenne pepper instead on the whole teaspoon it called for. I salted and peppered the meat and veggies as they were cooking so I didnt add the teaspoon that it called for of each and I did 2 jalapeños seeded instead of green chilies. This was amazing and definitely my new go to Chili recipe!!! This has been my go to chili recipe base for many years. I modify it one way or another but it always comes out great. I made it today without the sausage. I used root beer instead of beer. Added some jalapeños, liquid smoke, cinnamon and brown sugar. It tastes amazing. I've been making this recipe for years and it's delicious!! I normally leave out the bacon bits but it's still the best chili I've ever tasted!! I’ve been making this chili recipe for about three or four years now. It is hands-down my favorite chili I’ve ever had and I get so many compliments on it. I pretty much follow the recipe to a T, except I cook it in my instant pot, instead of on the stove. I also don’t add beer. We always double or triple and freeze the leftovers for a dinner another night. We LOVED this. Followed pretty much all of it. We used diced canned green chilies. The beer was Guinness, had used some in a recipe the other night so used the rest for this (I’d say 1.5-2cups). I’d like to get my hands on some venison and use it with this. Just reading the ingredients and comments I was so excited I ate a light lunch to leave room. We left it in the crockpot for close to 12 hours on low. My family and I hold all other chilli's to this standard....by far the best recipe EVER. switch the sausage to a maple flavored and drool like Homer.... Excellent flavor with the bacon, beer, and abundant spices. I used a little less chili powder but it still has enough heat to satisfy chili enthusiasts. I always use this recipe now. There's so much room to tinker and tweak, but it's also amazing as is. I've made this numerous times, first time was following directly. Other times I would change the beans up, the hot sauce, different beers...every time it's amazing. I've had the hardest time nailing down my own favorite variation of it. I've made chili from many different recipes over the years, I've settled on this one as the best, always gets compliments. I almost never follow recipes exactly, I use them more for ideas, but I follow this one pretty closely. The only adjustments I make are, as my wife isn't a huge fan of beans, is to eliminate one can of the mild beans, and add 20% more meat, and jalapeño peppers rather than chili peppers. My wife always has seconds, too. I’m a two-time award winner with this recipe! We don’t drink or use alcohol in our cooking, so I usually use Dr Pepper instead of the beer. I also throw in some chipotle pepper powder, use 3 cans of chili beans, and one can of ranch style beans. So good!!! I cook it low and slow in a crock pot. First try was amazing! Gonna tune and do it again 😊 I tripled this recipe for a chili cook off, it’s got just the right amount of heat to break a little sweat! Hopefully a first place winner! Make this exactly like recipe,  excellent!!!!  My family loves chili night! I’ve been making this chili for at least 10 years!! It’s a great recipe!! Made according to recipe but I strongly suggest dicing or finely chopping the vegetables. The chopped pieces were too big. This is my go to chili recipe. I do some minor tweeks but it's 95% the same. I have even made a vegetarian version which is excellent. Just substitute the meats for vegetarian verions. I usually make to huge batches of this in the fall and then pressure can it to add to the shelf so the teens could just grab and go or for those nights you don't feel to cook.
