Easy Pumpkin Cake 
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/7860/pumpkin-cake-i/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 10-inch Bundt or tube pan. Blend oil, beaten eggs, pumpkin and vanilla together. Sift flour, sugar, baking soda, ground nutmeg, ground allspice, ground cinnamon, ground cloves and salt together. Add flour mixture to pumpkin mixture and stir until just combined. Fold in chopped walnuts; pour batter into prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the middle comes out clean, about 1 hour. Let cake cool in pan for 5 minutes, then turn out onto a plate and sprinkle with confectioners' sugar.
Delicious! I did however make some changes. I wanted to make it a little bit more healthier so I used 1/2 butter and 1/2 applesauce. Also added more spices than recipe called for. I used 1/2 white flour and 1/2 whole wheat flour. Also cut down the sugar to less than 2 cups and used 1/2 white and 1/2 brown sugar. Finally I topped it w/ cream cheese frosting. So good! moist, flavorful and delicious :) Made the original version first and the flavor was fantastic! However I found it a tad bit oily and sweet. I used 3/4 cup oil and 2 cups sugar, flavor still fantastic and not overly sweet. Easy to prepare, comes out of bundt pan without any issue and was loved by everyone. This was a fun recipe! I followed the directions but a few tweaks like less sugar and more cinnamon for my taste. I added a Halloween cream cheese topping with edible eyes. Seems like it was a hit! I've been making this annually since 2019 and it always comes out perfectly moist and dense with great flavor. I bake mine as a sheet cake because I like to cut it into cute shapes for tea parties and because it allows for a lower frosting to cake ratio; I top it with cream cheese frosting, white chocolate chips, and sprinkles. I made this most recently on a Saturday and by Friday, co-workers were still asking for the recipe because of how moist the cake was a full 7 days out. I followed this recipe exactly as written. The cake was very moist and easy to make.  What I didn't like was the cloves  - too much for my taste buds.  I'd reduce the amount to 1/2 teaspoon if I make it again. It is definitely a moist cake.  I made it using a bundt pan (as others suggested).   I increased the spices and used the 4 eggs (some suggested using 3).   I reduced the sugar a bit, but I won't do that again.  It wasn't quite sweet enough for me with less sugar than instructed.   Other than increasing the spices (to suit my tastes), I think the recipe is excellent and I will make it often (any time of the year). I made exactly as written. So, so yummy!!! My family devoured it. Love it.  Instead of 1 cup oil, I used 3/4 cup and 1/2 cup of applesauce with more spices.  Delicious. Delicious! I toasted the walnuts before adding them and cut back the white sugar to 2 cups. Loved this cake!  I made it vegan by using 3/4 cup applesauce instead of the eggs.  I've taken to cutting 5-10 minutes off the baking time when baking vegan.
