German Apple Cake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/7915/german-apple-cake-i/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9x13-inch cake pan. Beat oil and eggs in a mixing bowl with an electric mixer until creamy. Add sugar and vanilla; beat well. Stir together flour, cinnamon, baking soda, and salt in a bowl. Slowly add flour mixture to egg mixture; mix until combined. The batter will be very thick. Fold in apples by hand using a wooden spoon. Spread batter into the prepared pan. Bake cake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 45 minutes. Cool cake on a wire rack. ade
OMG this is awesome good! It just doesn't get any better than this! I kept all measurements and ingredients the same, only adding 1 tsp. of vanilla to the batter. It bakes to an almost cookie-like crunchiness on the top with a very moist and apple-y interior. I took it over the top by pouring over a caramel glaze: 1/2 cup butter, 1/2 c. brown sugar, and 1/4 c. cream. Bring to a boil, then boil 3 minutes. Remove from heat and add 1/2 tsp. vanilla. Let cool just slightly before pouring over warm cake. Hubby says the "sauce" was what made this extraordinarily good, but this cake is so good, so delicious, a simple sprinkling of powdered sugar would be just fine too. I don't EVER want to lose this recipe! Thanks so much for sharing it! Made half batch. Great with frozen whipped cream. I cut the oil to 2/3 cupsAnd cut the sugar to 1.5 cupsIt was delish. My neighbor loved the memory it brought back from childhood.I used winesap apples I was almost true to the original recipe, but I swapped oil for applesauce, added juice of a lemon to the apples, and cut down on the sugar to 1 1/2 cups. It was very good! This is great with coffee in the morning. Next time I make it I'll add some walnuts and cut back on the sugar even more... I havent made this, but I'd like to know why none of the recipes have a picture when printed? ! I'd like to see what the dessert, etc looks like if I'm going to make it! This is sooooo good!  As recommended by others, I increased the flour by quarter cup, reduced the oil and sugar by quarter cup and made it in a Bundt pan.  My husband loved it! Came out like an apple bar not so much a cake, but delicious even though I forgot the vanilla extract.  But no worries because it's delicious with a scoop of vanilla ice cream! It's alot of sugar; I somewhat followed Karen M's suggestion, and tossed apples in 1/4 cup white sugar, and juice of a lemon, and let them sit before straining/adding to batter; I also cut down to 1 cup added sugar to batter, so 1 and 1/4 cup total; worked well.  Amy B. This is what my mom calledApple WhateverThanks, I packed my family recipes,This did not dissapoint!  Old world simplicity & absolutely delicious.I used 5 small macintosh apples This cake is even more delicious when served warm with a homemade caramel sauce......and with ice cream under that sauce, it’s heaven on earth!
