Coronation Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/79538/coronation-chicken/
Poach chicken in lightly salted boiling water until no longer pink and cooked through, 20 minutes. Drain, cool, and cut into 1/2-inch strips. Combine chicken strips, raisins, and 1/2 of the mango in a large bowl. Mix mayonnaise, curry powder, chutney, and lemon juice together in a medium bowl; season with salt and pepper, then toss gently with chicken mixture. Stir in 1/2 of the cashews. Transfer to a platter, and garnish with remaining mango strips and cashews.
This is a fantastic traditional little dish that i have grown up eating in England. If you want it lower in fat go half and half with low fat mayo and half fat creme fraiche. Add a dash of worscestershire sauce for a twang and have it in a sandwich or on a Jacket Spud(large potato baked in the oven in its skin until the skin is crispy and the inside fluffy and lovely!) I tend to prefer chopped dried Apricots and sultanas to fresh mango, for more of a kick used spicy mango chutney! Yum!!! This sounds good but I don’t have many of the ingredients on hand. I might make it with some of the substitutes others suggested. I mostly followed the recipe as is, but added more curry powder to taste, and added chopped green onions. This was a big hit with our friends who visited us during the coronation of King Charles . It was a lot of fun, and the recipe was perfect. So Easy and Good, I did omit the raisins, will add next time! I didn't have chutney so I used a citrus infused white balsamic vinegar. No nuts or raisins, but added finely diced celery and green onion, and 1 quart rough chopped iceberg lettuce. Everyone cleaned their plates. Perfect summer salad. I did like it and it was easy to make.  I won't make it again-but it was worth making on time.  Thank you for the recipe!! :) I used chicken cooked in Instant Pot with celery, onions, carrots, & thyme. I cook 6 big boneless, skinless breasts, & pull out 1/2 the chicken for this recipe. I use a can of chopped mango, drained, instead of the fresh mango. Saves a lot of time & effort! I add a little more mayonnaise & raisins to keep it from being so dry. Refrigerate for a couple of hours before serving, & we love it! By far the best tasting chicken breast I have ever had!  I am not a fan of curry  powder, so don' t keep it on hand, but the recipe for homemade curry, included, has made me a believer!  I had homemade mango chutney preserved, so used that, but in the absence of fresh mango, I used canned diced pears.  AWESOME.   Next time I will make sure to have fresh mango.
