Meatloaf that Doesn't Crumble
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/79749/meatloaf-that-doesnt-crumble/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a food processor or blender, combine the bell pepper, onion and celery. Process until finely chopped, but not liquid. Transfer to a large bowl. Add the ground beef, ground pork, cracker crumbs, onion soup mix, salt, pepper, sage and milk. Mix well using your hands, or if you have a stand mixer, mix using the paddle attachment. Transfer to a 9x5 inch loaf pan and form into a loaf, mounding in the center. Cover with a generous layer of ketchup. Bake for 1 1/2 hours in the preheated oven. Serve hot. Refrigerate leftovers, slice and serve cold in sandwiches.
I tried this recipe and it has a very good flavor, DIDN'T fall apart and makes excellent sandwiches... This is the one that I've been looking for, for a long time. I did not have onion soup mix so I added some onion powder. I don't know if that affected the texture, but it completely crumbled while hot. I'll be trying to slice it for sandwiches today, so I hope it will hold up better. It is definitely delicious, but I really wanted a denser loaf! I would substitute ground turkey for the ground pork. (Just personal preference.) Ingredient by ingredient, step by step, exactly as stated... The flavors are spot on, but please STOP claiming it stays together... Serving time was a disaster as usual, each family member ate a little crumbled plate of definately NOT stuck together meatloaf, so disappointed... This is the best meatloaf, don't go changing anything.  It does make great sandwiches, too.  Try a meatloaf grilled cheese. I have made this meatloaf a few times and it is delicious. I decided to make it a little different this time. I  sauted  onion, celery garlic and mushrooms and added salt, pepper, sage and also allspice to the mixture.  I added salt, pepper and onion soup mix to the meat.  I used italian style breadcrumbs as that is what I had and added them to the milk to soak.   For the topping I mixed together brown sugar, ketchup and dry mustard. A little twist to the original recipe and it was also delicious. Each time I omitted the green pepper. This has become my go to meatloaf recipe.  It stays together and anyone can add their own twist. While it still fell apart, Hubby said it's the tastiest meatloaf I've ever made, so it's a keeper! Not sure what to do to make the slices more dense/compact so that it's delicious AND sliceable, but maybe I'll scroll through more reviews to see suggestions. Eggs? We'll find out! Thanks for posting this! I added 2 eggs, and 1/2 cup of shredded parmesan. the whole family loved it! Tasty meatloaf and leftovers made good sandwiches !  I adapted a couple of things based on ingredients I had on hand. I omitted the pork sausage. I also subbed bread crumbs for the cracker crumbs and a yellow bell pepper for green. I made it today, sunday, and this was the first time my meatloaf didn't crumble amd the favor was yummy!! I had to do seconds! Thanks.
