Never Fail Applesauce Spice Cake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/7997/never-fail-applesauce-spice-cake/
Sift flour, white sugar, soda, salt, baking powder, and spices into a large mixing bowl. Mix in 1/2 cup butter or margarine, buttermilk, and applesauce. Beat for 2 minutes with an electric mixer on medium speed. Beat in eggs. Fold in 3/4 cup chopped nuts. Pour batter into a greased and floured 9 x 13 inch pan. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 50 minutes. Mix confectioners' sugar, cream cheese, and vanilla until smooth. Melt 1/4 cup butter over medium heat, and add 1 cup chopped pecans. Keep stirring until browned. Stir cooled pecans into cream cheese mixture. Frost the cooled cake.
This is a great recipe because it's easy AND it's good! I always cut the amount of sugar in cakes, and cut this to 1 cup sugar only and it was fine (unless you have a very sweet tooth). I made it first with too much applesauce (to finish the jar I had), and it came out way too dense although my children loved it. When I made it a second time with the right amount of applesauce, the consistency was pefect. I also sprinkled the top with a sugar and cinnamon mixture before it baked and it made the cake look nice without any frosting. Excellent! Very moist, extremely delicious and will definitely make again (and again). Unfortunately I thought the icing was way too sweet and so did my family. Next time I make this cake I will just dust with powdered sugar but I WILL be making it again. Fantastic recipe! Good flavor with all the spice! Makes lots so it’s good for a potluck. Cake is so tasty it doesn’t really need the frosting. Thank you for sharing your recipe. OMG.  Easy and very moist.  I did not make the icing, I used Cool Whip to cut down on carbs.  I will make this again for sure. this is absolutely delicious I liked it but I will try it next time with a little less sugar and with canola oil (I didn't have any and you can taste the oil I used) and maybe a little less too. Very yummy!  Thanks for posting! Had to cut the recipe in half, came out great. Baked it in an 8x8 inch square pan, 330 degrees convection oven, for 40 minutes. Perfect! I think it would be about 45 minutes at 350 in a regular oven. I will be making this again. I love this cake  easy to make I made this for first time. Wanted a nice fall spiced cake for neighbors. It came out delicious. Very easy to make. Will make again. Reminded me of a cake from my childhood.
