Bee Sting Cake (Bienenstich)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8039/bee-sting-cake-bienenstich-ii/
Combine flour, yeast, 2 tablespoons sugar, salt, 3/4 cup milk, and 3 tablespoons butter in a large bowl. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Knead until smooth and elastic, about 15 to 20 minutes. Place in a well-greased bowl; cover and let rise in a warm place for 1 hour, or until doubled. Punch down dough. Roll out to a 1/2-inch thickness. Spread into a greased 8-inch square baking pan. Cover and let rise for 30 minutes. Melt 3 tablespoons butter and confectioners' sugar in a saucepan. Add almonds and 1 tablespoon milk. Remove from heat, and stir in honey. Spread evenly and carefully onto dough. Allow dough to rise for an additional 30 minutes. Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Bake in the preheated oven for 20 to 25 minutes, or until crust turns golden brown. Cool completely on a wire rack. Dissolve cornstarch in a little milk. Combine 1 1/2 cups milk, cornstarch, and 1 tablespoon sugar in the top of a double boiler. Heat while stirring until thickened, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add in beaten egg, and keep stirring for about 2 more minutes, or until thick. Remove from heat and stir in extract. Chill, covered, in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour. Beat whipping cream with cream of tartar until stiff. Fold into chilled pudding. Cut cooled almond bread into 1 1/4x2-inch rectangles; slice each one horizontally into halves. Fill with pudding mixture. Chill, and serve cold.
This recipe is a good base however the instructions are not very good for beginning bakers. And, keep in mind you are making a pastry and all good pastries require time and technique. A yeast cake and a homemade custard should be attempted by a medium to expert level baker. After reading some of the reviews (watery custard, sticky dough, no raising) those mistakes are not due to the recipe but the baker. As far as the filling, look up a pastry cream and the technique to make it if you are new to custards and fold in a soft peaked whipped cream. (Keep in the cream of tartar even if it's not in the recipe. It helps keep the peeks stiff). Or, just look up a recipe for bavarian cream- which is what the filling is. If you do like sweeter desserts this is the place to add sugar to your taste, whip it into the whipped cream and add a vanilla bean or vanilla extract. You can even add 1/2 tsp almond and 1/2 tsp vanilla. I would double the topping and use 3 tbsp of honey to give the cake the authentic bee sting taste. You can skip the confectioners' sugar and just use regular to add a bit more sweetness. Lastly, it is best to proof your yeast (look it up) or my personal preference is instant yeast (look up conversion for active vs. instant). And, if you are new to dough look up the 'window pane test' which will indicate whether or not your dough is kneaded well enough. DO NOT POST. I realized after submitting review, I used a different Bee Sting Cake recipe. I wondered why everyone said it was not at all sweet because mine was. No cream of tartar and mine did have confectioners sugar. Sorry! I will share it in my family for generations I’m a fan! This would best be served at a fancy afternoon tea party or for breakfast, in my opinion, because it is not sweet enough for a dessert. Still, the presentation can’t be beat for the beauty and I really enjoyed the labor of love process. Not quick, but worth it! I got stung by a bee three times yesterday and so today decided to make this cake to “turn my lemons into lemonade,” as it were. Hope you enjoy it as much as my family did! Excellent, light tasting, not overly sweet To make the pudding with cornstarch is cumbersome , much better with vanilla pudding and whip cream and easier.... The cake is good I added some confectionery sugar to the pudding and whipped cream filling when combining them. Will make this again the kitchen smelled so wonderful when baking the cake. I found this cake a quite bland and more of a bread cake but it all depends on what you like since my dad and grandparents found it quite good, I would definietly say that  this cake takes a lot of time and work to make with long breaks inbetween steps so it's more the kind of cake that should be made on occasions. I would not make this cake again because it requires a huge amount of work tho I might consider it if I added a lot more sugar and vanilla. Fantastic,,,,, I found this recipe and immediately knew it was German. I'm German at least 45% and I can speak it. My mom loves this cake so I decided to surprise her and bake it. It took me a while to make since I timed how long the dough should rise for. I'm only slightly over a beginner baker but I managed to complete this cake perfectingly. My mom loved it and she's picky when it comes to American baking, no offense intended. I personally didn't like it because of the cream of tartar, but there probably wouldn't be any left if I wanted a second slice!
