Slow Cooker Ham
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/80525/slow-cooker-ham/
Gather the ingredients. otdash-Meredith Food Studio Spread about 1 1/2 cups of brown sugar on the bottom of a slow cooker. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place ham on the brown sugar with the flat side facing down; you might have to trim it a little to make it fit. otdash Meredith Food Studio Use your hands to rub the remaining brown sugar onto the ham. Cover, and cook on Low for 8 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash-Meredith Food Studio
I only had a small 2.5 lb. ham without a bone and it still turned out great in my small crock pot with 1 1/2 cups of brown sugar. It wasn't dry at all. Needed the oven for the turkey so tried this so I could serve both ham and turkey on Thanksgiving . I did have to trim the ham a bit to fit. I was pleasantly surprised by how well this worked. Although we missed the sticky glaze on the outside that you can get in the oven, this more than made up for in how moist the ham remained. It was a clear winner with the whole family. I did add some crushed pineapple and the juice and it was done in about 5 hours. I suspect that reviewers that felt the ham texture resembled pulled pork maybe cooked too long Easy and delicious Wow, easy and great tasting!  The brown sugar kept it moist and also added a subtle sweetness to my ham!  Tip: buy a flatter butt portion to fit into the slow cooker without pushing up the lid. My 5-lb butt portion was already too tall for the 7-quart slow cooker so I needed to wrap kitchen towels around the lid to seal in the steam. This was fantastic!! Added can of pineapple slices with juices. So darn good! I will only make ham this way from now on. Love this recipe app, I use it for most of my cooking and baking Very good flavor!I did add cloves and pineapples.  I  cooked my 3-4 lb. bone in ham 6 hrs.   It did fall apart like pulled pork. I won't use this crockpot process again. I'll just cook in the oven. Due to the ham being sealed in the crockpot it was swimming in fluid which I personally do not care for. Each to his own I guess!
