Simple Turkey Chili
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/80969/simple-turkey-chili/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add turkey; cook and stir until evenly browned, 6 to 8 minutes. Stir in onion and cook until tender. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add water; mix in tomatoes, kidney beans, and garlic. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in chili powder, paprika, oregano, cayenne pepper, cumin, salt, and pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer for 30 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Great recipes with these adjustments.Sauteeed chopped onion and minced garlic in olive oil. Then added ground turkey. Cooked with a montreal dry steak seasoning I use with turkey.Added in a little extra tomatoes, left out water & chili powder, added double the cumim, and two tablespoons of brown sugar. Simmered for 2 hrs (checking taste and adjusting seasonings slightly if needed) and served with shreded cheese and crackers for friends and my son. Was *gone* and had recipe requests afterwards. I so adore this site! Make once a month! This recipe is very simple to follow and tastes great. Sometimes I add beef broth instead of water but it is delicious either way. I realized pretty soon after adding 2 cups of liquid that was too much so I drained much of that before simmering the chili for 30 mins or so. I would recommend adding only 1 cup of liquid - I used chicken broth, I think water would be too bland. I think a bottle of beer would work perfectly and I'll do that in lieu of broth next time. As per another commentor, I added 2 tablespoons of brown sugar. I also added a dash of cinnamon. I did not have cayenne so I added 1/4 teaspoon of red pepper flakes and a few dashes of Tabasco and a dash of Worcestershire. I added the spices to the turkey, onion, and garlic mix  before adding the beans, tomatoes, and liquid. I find that brings out the flavor of the spices more. I also wonder if adding a tablespoon or two of tomato paste might add next time. I used two cans of diced tomatoes as I didn't have crushed. Having said all of that, I thought the flavor was delicious and actually preferred it to other beef chilis I have made in the past. The bland turkey absorbs the flavors better so you really taste the spices versus beef.  I served this over Goya yellow rice and topped some grated cheddar, a dollop of sour cream, pickled jalepenos and a few TJs corn dipper chips. This will be my go-to recipe going forward! Looking forward to leftovers tomorrow. Yum! Really simple and good.I added a bell pepper and some corn. This recipe is so easy and fast for a Chili. Everyone that has tried it, loves the taste of the recipe. And there is only 30 minute Cooking time with  no fuss no muss. This is a Family Favorite. I loved this recipe.  The only thing I would change IF I was feeding others, would be a bit less chili powder.  *It was perfect for me. First time making and I loved it! I pretty much followed the directions as written except that I didn’t “mash” the beans.  I also reduced the cayenne pepper just a tad based on personal preference. I will totally make this again. Had two bowls for dinner! 😉
