Classic Macaroni Salad
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/81108/classic-macaroni-salad/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook elbow macaroni in the boiling water, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 8 minutes. Rinse under cold water and drain. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix mayonnaise, sugar, vinegar, mustard, salt, pepper, and macaroni together in a large bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in celery, onion, green pepper, carrot, and pimentos. otdash Meredith Food Studio Refrigerate salad for at least 4 hours before serving, but preferably overnight. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Great macaroni salad and definitely classic picnic food! Everyone has their own take on these types of things and I adjusted this to my own taste preferences as well. I used lite mayo and cut the sugar down to 1/4 cup. I used 2 Tbsp. of mustard, one yellow and one dijon and next time I might cut back on that just a bit. I added 1/2 tsp. of garlic powder and 4 hard boiled eggs. I left out the green pepper and used a bunch of chopped green onions. I did add the carrots and a 5 oz. jar of drained and chopped green olives with pimento peppers. This reminds me a lot of what my Grandma used to make every summer. Great recipe. Easy peasy. I’ve made it twice. First time, followed the recipe as written. Second time I used larger elbows and added a little more mayo. So easy and turns out great every single time! Easy, simple, fast! Only changes made were: used sister's homemade zucchini relish in place of sugar, and chopped some of her bread/butter pickles also...delicous! Omitted celery too I used broccoli florets instead of celery and green pepper, and apple cider vinegar instead of white vinegar. I added a can of garbanzo beans (rinsed, well drained and dried on a towel) for protein. Halved cherry tomatoes and slices of roasted red peppers were put on the top. It was pretty yummy, but took a long time for everyone to eat it. I made it , the only ingredient I omitted was the sugar . It was delicious . Everyone loved it . Thank you for sharing . Omg!!! Can’t imagine ever wanting store bought!!! The amount of flavor to a common dish. If you are a macaroni salad person I promise you will want seconds and this recipe!
