Korean Pizza
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/81261/korean-pizza/
In a large bowl, mix together the flour, eggs, water and salt. It will be very watery, as the pizza is like a crepe. Stir in the crabmeat, pork, tofu, bean sprouts, mixed vegetables, and cabbage until well blended. Heat some of the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Your pizzas will be the size of your skillet. Spoon in enough of the vegetable batter to cover the bottom of the pan. Cook for about 8 minutes, or until the underside is golden brown. Flip, and cook until browned on the other side, about 3 minutes. The edges should be crispy. Repeat with remaining batter. Serve pizzas with dipping sauce. To make the dipping sauce, mix together the soy sauce, rice vinegar, sesame oil and chile pepper in a sealable container. Seal, and shake until well blended. Shake again just before serving.
I didn't make your recipie, but I know what it is. In Korean, it's called "pu-ching-geh." It's not pizza as we know it, think of it more like a healthy pancake. My mom adds some hot pepper paste to the mixture to give it a kick. It's mainly made as a snack and for gatherings. It's as popular as serving chips at a party. You don't have to add all those ingredients mentioned. Might be too much. Make what you'd like. I recommend carrots, cucumbers, and bean sprouts. (slice carrot and cucumber really thin, like spaghetti 2 inches in length) To make sure the middle is cooked, push the middle with the back of your spatula to flatten it out. They were still doughy around the veggies. Cooking time way too long for the outcome. Loved this! I used red onion insterad of shallot, and instead of crab and tofu, added cooked chicken. I used crushed red pepper flakes in the dipped sauce. I made these in a small omelette pan since I knew anything larger would get trashed by my flipping skills. I made one, then popped it in a warm oven while I made the rest Yum! I added some chopped up kim chee in and it was really greatAs for the runnyness, I just made sure it was spread out and turned the heat lower and cooked it longer...viola! By the third one it was perfect. i haven't made this recipe. but it is very similar to a vietamese recipe called banh xeo or vietnamese pancake. except we don't use tofu in it. I didn't make your recipie, but I know what it is. In Korean, it's called "pu-ching-geh." It's not pizza as we know it, think of it more like a healthy pancake. My mom adds some hot pepper paste to the mixture to give it a kick. It's mainly made as a snack and for gatherings. It's as popular as serving chips at a party. You don't have to add all those ingredients mentioned. Might be too much. Make what you'd like. I recommend carrots, cucumbers, and bean sprouts. (slice carrot and cucumber really thin, like spaghetti 2 inches in length) To make sure the middle is cooked, push the middle with the back of your spatula to flatten it out. I added some garlic, ( BIG GARLIC FAN) and it was delicious! Something different for a change. Thank you for the recipe. I grew up calling it Korean pancake but its technical name is bin-dae-dok (that's probably not how its spelled).  This is a very complicated recipe with a lot of different ingredients; the frozen veggies and cabbage (use napa cabbage) threw me off.  Overall not what I'm used to, but it didn't miss the point either.  I would omit the mixed veggies,  use angel hair shredded cabbage and increase the green onions by 4 or 5. Maybe it was because i made some substitutions, but this just didn't come out good at all.  The pancake fried up nice and golden brown on the first side, but the second side had trouble cooking.  once I got it cooked, the middle was all goey.  I don't know what went wrong.  It just wasn't good at all.
