Mardi Gras King Cake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8144/mardi-gras-king-cake/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio To make the dough: Heat milk in a small saucepan over medium heat, stirring often, until steaming and small bubbles form around the edges, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in butter until melted and fully combined, about 2 minutes. Allow mixture to cool to room temperature, about 15 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Meanwhile, stir together warm water, yeast, and 1 tablespoon of the sugar in a large bowl. Let stand until foamy, about 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add cooled milk mixture, eggs, salt, nutmeg, and remaining 7 tablespoons sugar to yeast mixture, whisk until combined, about 30 seconds. otdash Meredith Food Studio Beat flour into yeast mixture, 1 cup at a time, with an electric mixer fitted with dough hook attachment on medium speed until dough comes together, about 3 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Transfer dough onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic, adding additional flour as needed, 8 to 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place dough in a lightly oiled large bowl; turn to coat. Cover with a damp cloth or plastic wrap; let rise in a warm place until doubled in volume, about 1 1/2  hours. When risen, punch down and divide dough in half. otdash Meredith Food Studio Return dough to a lightly floured work surface, roll out each half into a 10x16-inch rectangle, dusting work surface and rolling pin with additional flour if needed. otdash Meredith Food Studio To make the filling: Combine brown sugar, pecans, flour, raisins, and cinnamon in a medium bowl. Pour melted butter on top and mix until crumbly. otdash Meredith Food Studio Sprinkle filling evenly over dough, about 1 cup per cake, using your hands or a spatula to press into dough. otdash Meredith Food Studio Starting at one of the long ends, roll each dough rectangle into a tight log. otdash Meredith Food Studio  Bring the ends of each roll together, pinching the seams together to form 2 individual oval-shaped rings. Transfer each ring, seam side down, onto a large rimmed baking sheet lined with parchment. With scissors, make cuts 1/3 of the way through the rings at 1-inch intervals. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cover with plastic wrap or a damp towel, and let rise in a warm spot until doubled in size, 30 to 45 minutes. Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake both rings in the preheated oven in the upper and lower thirds until golden brown and a toothpick inserted comes out clean, or when a thermometer inserted into the center of the dough reads 190 F, about 25 minutes, rotating sheet trays 180 degrees and top to bottom, halfway through baking to ensure even browning. Some filling might leak out during baking. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove cakes and carefully push 1 doll into bottom of each warm cake. Let cool slightly, about 30 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio To make the glaze: Whisk confectioners' sugar and 2 tablespoons water together in a small bowl until smooth, adding remaining 1 tablespoon water if needed to reach desired consistency. otdash Meredith Food Studio Spread glaze evenly over the tops of both warm cakes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Sprinkle sanding sugar immediately over glaze if desired. otdash Meredith food studio
Absolutely incredible. I have made the cake twice and both times I cut the recipe in half. I also substitute applesauce for the butter in the dough and add lots of raisins and prepare the dough using a bread maker (use extra milk instead of the water and just throw the ingredients in the bread maker according to its directions - I do liquids, then dry ingredients, and yeast last). For the filling I also use applesauce instead of butter but add a little at a time to get a nice pasty filling that I can spread. Before I bake the bread, I add an egg white wash so that it comes out golden brown. I can not believe how delicious this cake is without using any butter. No one believes me that it isn't full of oil and butter. My favorite recipe!!! The nuts are amazing in this. We did not use raisins. After putting this together. I let the dough rise to double in size again, then I baked it. The only other huge change I made was something I saw on another recipe. When it came out the shell was a little hard. I took 1/4 cup of Heavy Cream and brushed it on the outside of the cake after 15 min it soaked into the cake and was softened but still stiff enough to ice the cake easily. Simpler than it looks to make!  Very happy with the result! Easy and perfect recipe thank you so much keeper! Family of 5 destroyed this cake with 3 slices left over. will make again for sure I tried about 5 different recipes this year, trying to get the perfect one. This was by far, my favorite. I didn’t put food coloring in the icing, but I did use the colored sprinkles. As a heads up for anyone who made this recipe in the past as I had for years, the recipe was drastically changed in the last year. It's very possible that this new version is just as or more delicious, but it is definitely not the same as it was last Mardi Gras (because I make nut-free treats and wouldn't have saved this one as it's written now). Makes me sad because the original recipe was so well loved by the people I made it for... Easy to follow, excellent flavor, extremely sweet!  Diabetics, beware!  lol.  I did half the written recipe and it was still outrageously sweet.  I did not add raisins and pecans — I have a Mardi Gras baby and made this as his First Birthday cake.  For the filling, I used cinnamon and brown sugar.  I can say this is better with salted butter. I cut the recipe in half, needing only one cake. I haven't made a yeast dough in ages, and even using a thermometer, it took me four tries to get the yeast to do its thing. Like others, I found that 375 degrees was too hot; the bottom of the cake was overdone and a little tough. In addition to baking at 350 instead, I'd also recommend doubling the filling; I think the cake could have done with a bit more. Other than the overcooked bottom, I found the cake to be light, fluffy, and delicious -- this recipe is a keeper for me!
