Apple Spice Cake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8170/apple-spice-cake/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Butter a 10-inch tube pan. Cover raisins with warm water and let soak for 10 minutes; drain. Whisk flour, spices, and salt together in a bowl; set aside. Beat butter and sugar together in a large bowl until fluffy. Add eggs and vanilla. Stir baking soda and 1 tablespoon warm water together until smooth; stir into sugar mixture. Mix in flour mixture, apples, and strained raisins until well blended. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean, about 1 hour. Cool cake in pan. Once cool, shake pan to loosen cake. Turn onto plate, and dust with confectioners' sugar.
What a wonderful cake. I did make a few changes to the recipe. I used 1/2c brown sugar and 1c white sugar to cut down on the sweetness, and to give the spices more of a base to blend with. I also used cake flour instead of all-purpose. The cake flour lightens up the cake while still keeping it very moist. Use 1 cup + 2 tbl cake flour to 1 cup all purpose. I also add 2 teaspoons of apple liqueur along with the vanilla to give the apple flavor of the cake more of a boost. This is by far the best apple spice cake I have come across in a long time. Thanks!! Wow what a delicious recipe! I’m currently baking the cake for the second time. Thank you! The only thing I did was not use the raisins. Very good indeed. I halved the recipe since there’s just 2 of us, but I did NOT cut back on the spices, in fact,I added about 1/2tsp of ginger to the mix. I used dried cranberries in place of the raisins. Baked 27 minutes in a 9 x 9 glass dish. Discovered I didn't have a Bundt pan, so I made Bundtlets. They came out moist, flavorful, and had just the right amount of sweetness. The only change I made was to make it gluten-free, and to substitute walnuts for the raisins. Delicious. My boyfriend loved this cake.  He kept saying over and over how good it was! Rich and moist. I used a caramel frosting glaze instead of powdered sugar. Very moist and flavorful. Loved the chunks of apple and raisins. Everyone loved it. VERY FORGIVING AND DELISH🎊🎉Made for my gluten free lactose intolerant family. Made changes for what I had on hand:1.5c GF Robin Hood all purpose0.5c GF rolled oatsDoubled spices (because yum), except allspice- I only had 1tspNo raisins on handNo nuts (school safe)Added two way over ripened bananaUsed brown and white sugarUsed a muffin tin, rounded to the topBaked 350, 20minMade 14 big ones.Perfection! This cake is so good my husband asked me to make it again. I would add a touch more of the spices and a little more raisins to replace walnuts. I  am going to make this today again. Its been a couple weeks now I am ready for another delicious moist cake oh I also prefer to drizzle homemade caramel glaze on it Other than adding walnuts, made this exactly as called for.  This cake is DA BOMB!  Moist, dense and the perfect blend of spices.  Absolutely delicious!
