Best Ever Crab Cakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/82347/best-ever-crab-cakes/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Whisk egg, mayonnaise, green onions, lemon juice, tarragon, and pepper flakes together in a medium bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Gently stir in crabmeat, being careful not to break up meat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Gradually mix in cracker crumbs, adding until desired consistency is achieved. otdash Meredith Food Studio Form crab mixture into 4 patties. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat butter in a skillet over medium heat. Cook patties in the skillet until golden brown, 5 to 6 minutes on each side. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
Super good, made them for Xmas Eve party everybody loved them. Did a double batch as I had 2 /16 oz cans of crab. Didn't have tarragon replaced it with minced garlic on one batch and hot sauce on another, also did half lemon juice and half worcestershire, amazing! They are wet, added a little more cracker crumbs, chilled for an hour before cooking and coated them with italian bread crumbs, totaly amazing! I think the buttery crackers is the key ingredient in making these cakes taste so smooth. I made it with my 2 great nephews (4.5 and 3) and it was fun to make and everyone LOVED it! Being my first time making crab cakes I didn't know the consistency they were supposed to be so I ended up almost doubling the amount of crushed crackers the recipe called for. They turned out extremely well still. Next time I'll use the proper amount and see how that makes a difference. Overall very good and very easy to make. These are the best crab cakes these two hands have ever made! I had some extra crabmeat from another recipe and I always wanted to try homemade crab cakes. These were delicious!! The only change was that I used Club crackers vs Ritz because that’s all I had on hand - approximately 3/4 of a sleeve. I missed seeing the recommended “serve with mustard sauce.” Darn! As that may have been interestingly fun. Instead served with tartar and cocktail. Overall, pretty easy and very tasty. Thanks LINDACHEK! I didn't have the butter crackers, so used 9 crushed Saltines. It was a bit wet, so l added 2 tablespoons of dried instant potato flakes. The first 2 were bland so I diced half a jalapeno and added to the last 2 cakes. They were great. The potato flakes made a nice crispy brown crust. I will get the butter crackers and try again. Easy simple recipe. I substitute 1 tsp mayo with dijon mustard and add a dash of old bay.  Now my only crab cake recipe!!! I loved almost everything about the recipe! The way it’s put together, putting the wet and spice together then adding the “crab” is perfect. Then, when the binder is added, you can use just enough to make the cakes! Perfect!. I did make som changes. I have a large container of dried chives. I used the same amount of them, as the recipe called for green onions. The second change is personal. We don’t have a taste for  red peppers. Instead, I used twice as much Smokey Paprika. We loved it! Because we are retired, live in the middle of the country, good crab is hard to find, and the price is to high for us to eat often, I also tried it with lump faux crab, pollic. We love it too! Made these as stated and we found them to be very bland - my husband liked the texture and they were easy to make - but said that it was kind of like having remoulade on white bread.  I do suppose that I will keep it as a base and add some additional seasoning. This was the best crabcake recipe I've ever tried!  My family loved it!
