Cranberry Martini
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/82502/cranberry-martini/
Fill a cocktail shaker with ice; add cranberry juice, vodka, orange liqueur, and vermouth. Cover and shake until the outside of the shaker has frosted. Strain into 2 chilled glasses and garnish with cranberries.
I have served these at two parties now to rave reviews. So refreshing! The only danger is it is easy to have too many! I would suggest playing with the amounts a few times before serving to guests. My first few were way to strong and the flavor was bitter, we ended up cutting the liquor almost in half and it was much better. We also made these in small pitchers so everyone could self-serve and it worked well. Very good. It was the hit of Thanksgiving. Put green sugar around the rim and fresh mint leaves in the glass. Look and tasted great.  Someone said they used frozen cranberries to keep the drink cold . That worked too This is a nice holiday drink.  To go the extra mile  and make it look like the photo: put a small puddle of juice in one saucer, and some red dyed sugar in another.  Dip the rim of the glass in the first saucer to wet it. Then the second to get the sugar to stick.  It looks nice.  Also put different quantities of cranberries in the glasses.  It helps people figure out which one is theirs if a bunch are sitting on a table. Ed, this is great I altered it a bit based on my ingredients on hand. Cranberry Sauced Martini2 Jigger Tito's Vodka1 Jigger Grand Marnier1 Jigger Martini & Rossi2 Jigger Whole Cranberry SauceShake in a Shaker for 50 seconds with ice. Adorn with the cranberries from the Shaker. 1 serving I froze my cranberries to keep the drink cold - wonderful holiday drink - I will make NYE - Happy 2021 everyone. Loved this martini! Easy to make and drink! Oh my God, this was soooo good!!!! It will definitely be a staple! Excellent! Oh, boy is this good but could be dangerous, as it goes down so smoothly.  I made two versions, one as written and again with gin.  We preferred the gin version, as that is what we make our martinis with.  That said, for those of you who don't usually drink martinis, te vodka version was "smoother".
