Laura's Quick Slow Cooker Turkey Chili
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/82768/lauras-quick-slow-cooker-turkey-chili/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat. Place turkey in the skillet, and cook until evenly brown; drain. otdash Meredith Food Studio Coat the inside of a slow cooker with cooking spray, and mix in turkey, tomato soup, kidney beans, black beans, and onion. otdash Meredith Food Studio Season with chili powder, garlic powder, cumin, red pepper flakes, black pepper, allspice, and salt. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cover, and cook on Low for 8 hours, or on High for 4 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio
This is a great base for a slow cooker turkey chili. If you omit the red pepper flakes and replace one can of the tomato soup with a can of tomatoes with green chilis, this recipe is VERY kid friendly. When I want a more spicy version (I love spicy food!), I only add between 1/4 and 1/2 teaspoons of the red pepper flakes. An entire teaspoon simmering all day in a slow cooker will blow out your sinuses! In addition to the black beans, I also used both dark and light red kidney beans to make it more festive. This recipe is a keeper in my recipe box. Thanks! Good recipe. Made some modifications, as I was doubling up so I can freeze some. Also, don't like cumin so I didn't use it.Note: did not brown the beef prior, either, cooked everything in low 8hrs.My mods:1 lbs ground beef (in addition to the 1lb gr turkey)2 small cans tomato sauce2 cans diced tomatoes2 cans tomato soup6 TBs chili powder2 Tbs garlic powderWhole medium onion, chopped2 pinches black pepper**I live with Grandpa, he can't do spicy so the 1 tsp red pepper flakes was enough for him. I added extra cayenne in my bowl.2 cans kidney beans*Aunt came over to eat, she liked it too. We all liked it. I would personally add more red pepper, but as I said, I can add to my bowl so everyone else is happy with theirs. I had ground beef on hand so I used that instead of turkey. It was good but other reviews led me to believe that this would be spicier than it is. I think I'll toss in some peppers next time. I basically followed the recipe, using Healthy Request tomato soup, some white beans for some of the kidneys, and only 1/8 tsp ref pepper flakes. I cooked it 6 hours on low and it is a good thing I checked as it was already dry and crusting to the sides of my cooker which I had sprayed. I added sweet chili sauce and chicken broth to make it an edible consistency. Maybe I need a new crockpot but I was a bit suspicious after precooking the turkey and not adding liquid. It was quick and easy to make and ok after the tweaks. Loved it!  Added a can of Rotel for a little extra kick.  Our go to recipe. We have made this many times. It is fabulous. My bean hating children even like it. I double the recipe. It goes quick in my house. I skip the red pepper flakes as we don't like things too spicy. I use a large 32oz tomato soup instead of the usual red and white brand soup. Add two can diced tomatoes with green chilies This is a fantastic base for a chili recipe, and I've been referencing it for years. I remove one on the cans of kidney beans and replace it with a can of white chili beans. This turns the recipe into a Three Bean Turkey Chili. I will often omit some of the tomato soup as well to replace with a can of rotel and/or diced tomatoes too. I will continue to use this for years to come. Thank you! This is a family favorite!
