Jack-o'-Lantern Stuffed Peppers
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8284459/jack-o-lantern-stuffed-peppers/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C), and oil a baking dish with olive oil. LLRECIPES / BAHAREH NIAT Use a small knife to cut eyes, nose, and mouth into the flattest side of each pepper, just like a jack-o'-lantern. Cut around the seedpods and remove the tops, trimming and discarding any seeds from under the stems. Trim the white membrane from the inside of each pepper and shake out any seeds. Place in the prepared baking dish. LLRECIPES / BAHAREH NIAT Mix together ground beef, salt, pepper, cayenne, Worcestershire sauce, garlic, green onions, melted butter, ketchup, Cheddar cheese, and rice in a bowl until well combined. LLRECIPES / BAHAREH NIAT Stuff mixture evenly into peppers and cover with the pepper tops. LLRECIPES / BAHAREH NIAT Wrap the baking dish loosely with foil and place on a sheet pan, and bake in the upper center of the preheated oven for 1 hour. LLRECIPES / BAHAREH NIAT Remove the foil and continue baking until peppers are tender and ground beef is cooked through, 10 to 15 more minutes. LLRECIPES / BAHAREH NIAT Place stuffed peppers on a few tablespoons of warm tomato sauce. Serve immediately with more sauce on the side. LLRECIPES / BAHAREH NIAT Serve and enjoy! LLRECIPES / BAHAREH NIAT
Overall, this was a fun family dish and tasted better than expected – BUT the prep time is way more than the 15 minutes stated in the recipe – more like a whole hour at least. (We used a fattier beef and skipped the butter too.) So cute and so good. I stuff mine with a seasoned rice and serve with the zombie meatloaf. Thanks again Chef John! What a fun Halloween recipe! I thought it looked pretty neat so I made it for the kids before trick or treating. I wasn't sure how it would go over with the kids but it was a smash hit! I served over some leftover Chef John pizza sauce. All of the kids commented on how well-seasoned the filling was and they loved the cheese. This has solidified Aunt Lacy's house as the Halloween pre-part destination spot. Thanks Chef John!
