Badische Schupfnudeln (Potato Noodles)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/82953/badische-schupfnudeln-potato-noodles/
Place whole potatoes in their skins into a large pot of boiling water; boil for 25 to 30 minutes. Remove potatoes, and discard water. When cool enough to handle, peel potatoes, and place on a lightly floured surface. Mash potatoes with a rolling pin. Place mashed potatoes into a large bowl. Stir in flour, egg, parsley, salt, and nutmeg. Knead well to form a smooth dough. Then roll out the dough to a thickness of about 1/2 inch. Cut flattened dough into thin strips, about 1 1/2 inches long. Gently roll out the strips, or stretch them until the ends taper. Set aside for 15 minutes. In a large skillet, heat lard over medium heat. Place the potato strips into the skillet, and fry until golden brown on both sides.
Very similar to a good Gnocchi. The trick is to keep the potatoes from absorbing water which is why you have to keep the skins on the potatoes when boiling. Then, your input of flour will be lower and result in fluffier nudeln. Be careful of overmixing and/or adding too much flour you'll end up with gloppy, dense noodles. Also, a restaurant trick is to bake the potatoes in the oven, and it's very important to mix the egg in while the potatoes are still warm, otherwise the albumen won't react with the starch and it'll be harder to get a good quality nudeln My suggestion to those folks that ended up with a sticky dough:  lay them out on a floured board, or counter to allow them to dry a bit before you boil them.  My grandmother made these all the time and that's what she would do so they wouldn't end up tough.  She NEVER added parsley, or anything.We would eat these with sauerkraut, mashed potatoes and pork roast, especially for New Year's Day family get together.  She also made what she called chopped cabbage.  You grate a head of cabbage  and boil it in a big pot with enough flour to make it thick, season to taste.  YUMMM, the memories. I followed directions (boiled potatoes in their skin) and made them "as is".  My "dough was very sticky.  I probably used about one cup and the dough still couldn't be kneaded and was very sticky.  I could not roll them out, so I formed fingers.  I let them set and fried them.  They are like fried mashed potatoes and very mushy inside.  I think onion and/or garlic is needed to perk up the flavor.  They are not at all like a noodle. I just made this tonight for an Oktoberfest party I am attending tomorrow.  I have never heard of this dish and made it simply for the event.  OMG...it is soooo good!  I had to threaten my family to make them stop stealing from the dish.  I fried some sauerkraut, onions, apple and added bacon bits....served the potatoes over it.  I had gotten the idea from other posts and other German recipes that I saw online.  It might not be authentic German but, it was wonderful. This is an excellent recipe  -- I followed it  for the exception of cooking the noodles in lard, I used butter and it was fabulous. Everyone loved it.The browned butter on the crispy outsides contrasts nicely with the soft inside of the noodles. THey are great. This recipe works correctly to produce authentic Schupfnudeln. However, as another reviewer pointed out, you must follow the instructions exactly to get the very dry, starchy potatoes this recipe requires. You must use the correct potatoes, meaning only russet baking potatoes. Red potatoes, Yukon gold potatoes, or any other kind of potatoes won't work. You must boil the potatoes IN THE SKIN. Heavily salting the water you boil the potatoes in also helps to draw moisture out of them. Peel the potatoes while they're still hot by holding them on a fork and using a paring knife to pull the skin off, much like pulling old skin off an old sunburn (sorry for the imagery, but that's exactly what the peeling process is like). Lightly mash the potatoes and add the egg while they're still hot, then quickly mix in the flour, being careful not to over mix. I don't roll out the dough, but rather roll bits of it between my palms to make soft, rustic noodles. They taste best cooked in bacon fat or butter. I cooked the wife a "German" meal for the first time after trying all the local restaurants through the years. I followed the directions as printed and didn't have a single problem. It's the easiest potatoes I have ever peeled. Probably used a little more flour than called for but just for handling and rolling. Cooked just enough for one meal and put the balance on wax paper in the freezer. Bagged them and cooked them later. Awesome. I'll probably spice the next batch a little bit with onion and garlic, but otherwise, delicious!! This recipe is great except for one factor... you need to bake the potatoes.  I have tried twice by boiling the potatoes with the skins ON and the mixture still had too much water in it.  If you bake the potatoes this recipe is really great and makes a good noodle.  I recommend serving it with sauerkraut and bits of bacon.  If you fry up the bacon first, you can use the bacon grease as your "lard" in this recipe.  Cooking the bacon, sauerkraut and noodles over very low heat for 15 minutes will help the flavors of the three items blend. Good recipe but who still uses lard? Nasty.  Used butter instead, and they were fabulous. Great Recipe - The only thing I feel I need to remember is to use small potatoes! But really good :-D.
