Authentic German Potato Salad
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/83097/authentic-german-potato-salad/
Gather the ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place potatoes in a large pot and add water to cover by at least 1 to 2 inches; bring to a boil. Cook until potatoes are easily pierced with a fork, about 10 minutes. Drain, and set aside to cool. otdash Meredith Food Studio While the potatoes are cooking, place bacon in a large, deep skillet over medium-high heat. Fry until browned and crisp, 10 to 12 minutes, turning as needed. Transfer bacon to a paper towel-lined plate and crumble when cool enough to handle. Leave bacon grease in the skillet. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook onion in the bacon grease over medium heat until browned, 6 to 8 minutes. Add vinegar, sugar, water, salt, and pepper to the pan and bring to a boil. otdash Meredith Food Studio Once boiling, add potatoes, and 1/2 of the crumbled bacon. Cook until heated through, 3 to 4 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Transfer warm potato salad to a serving dish and sprinkle remaining bacon over top. Garnish with parsley. Serve immediately. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I am German, 100%. I have been eating German Potato Salad almost all my many, many years. I've cooked many German Potato salads myself. I cooked this one today and my spouse and guests raved about it. We all agree it is better than what is served in our authentic German restaurants/German societies. I also cooked "Wisconsin Bratwurst" from Allrecipes. Opened up a jar of Aunt Nellie's red cabbage to go along with all this. What a feast!!!Vundabar!!! I added half a green pepper and half a red pepper to onion! Super recipe. Love it! I’ve made this several times; it’s a keeper and very versatile. I use red potatoes, no need to peel them. I double the dressing; potatoes soak it up and it’s delicious. After I fry the bacon, I use the grease for the onion that I cut in eighths, and cook on medium til a little soft. I like onions, but it’s not overwhelming. Yummy! I had neither white potatoes nor parsley on hand, but I did have a designer potato medley and cilantro, so I diced a fresh jalapeño and threw it in instead. I also used thick-cut salt pepper Amish bacon so I left the pepper out of the dressing. It is a symphony of flavors in every bite! This was great. I used a 5 lb bag of russet potatoes, 2 large onions, almost a full lb of bacon and used enough "dressing" for a recipe of 12. Wonderful! This is the second time I've made this potato salad, and, for someone who cannot make a great potato salad, I've received rave reviews. The only substitution was using 2 tblsp sugar, vs the 3 suggested. I also used new potatoes, tri-coloured, but stayed true to the recipe in all other ways. I get rave reviews with this German Potato Salad recipe. Two cheats? I microwave my potatoes. Just make sure your potatoes are all about the same size, and try not to over cook them. We often use yellow potatoes, because that's my go to for smashed potatoes. Make sure they are cooled enough to handle. Slice them. Add them to the boiling sauce. Really feeling lazy? A staple in my panty is real bacon pieces. Use olive oil instead of bacon grease (about half cup), put bacon bits in with onion to soften them up. Bam, you've just made homemade German Potato Salad in about 10-15 minutes! Make a double batch, your family / guests will gobble it up. Cross cut a full pound of bacon while it is still slightly frozen, double up the vinegar, use baby red and white potatoes. Let sit overnight in fridge and reheat! The flavor gets a chance to mull. Enjoy The main concept of this dish is good. I doubled the recipe. Added 2 generous TBL spoons (1 generous TBL spoon if the recipe wasnt doubled) of Dijon mustard to add more flavor to it. I replaced the parsley with basil and added chives at the end. Personally I'm not a big mustard fan, but in this dish mustard becomes a God. I just got done cooking this dish and it's already gone. Yummy ;) This recipe is excellent. I made a few small adjustments, but it's just a matter of taste. I lowered the sugar and raised the vinegar by a little. I also added a 1/4 teaspoon each of paprika and dill weed, and an 1/8 teaspoon powdered mustard. These small adjustments are worth a try, trust me. This potato salad recipe is SO easy and delicious. My family loved it, especially my German mom! I made only a few small changes: I did not peel the potatoes, I scanted the sugar, used dried parsley and drained half the grease BEFORE sauteeing the onions then drained the excess, keeping only a small amount. The flavor of the dish was outstanding, not at all lacking because of those changes. This recipe is going to my top 10 favorite side dishes. Thank you for sharing, Schoolbee123. So good and especially easy.  You can't mess it up. Just taste and adjust. I did a larger batch not quite double to use up potatoes.   Only change was i added dill.  Great recipe and directions. It's all about the vinegar for us! I made this for an office Octoberfest party and it was loved. I used red potatoes, which were a pain to peel, but tasted great. I did make it a day early so I made another mix of the bacon fat, vinegar, water, sugar, salt and pepper, and took it along to add if I needed to, in case the potatoes had sucked up the moisture from the night before.  I ended up adding it, so the salad was pretty moist, which just made it better. It took 2-1/2  hours to heat up in my crockpot on a low setting, so we were able to eat it hot.  I did triple the recipe with no problems. After all, I had to leave some home for the family, at their request. :D I grew up on authentic German food and this tastes just like my Grandmother’s potato salad.  I used red potatoes and increased the liquid by 50% because the potatoes soaked up the liquid. If you like German potato salad this is the real deal! Simple and easy…wunderbar! Super easy, even with our temporary power/cooking limitations (only able to run 1 appliance at a time). Excellent flavor, no waste, and the only deviation was subbing baby potatoes cut in half and steamed in instant pot. Thank you for sharing your recipe; it will definitely be filed under favorites! This is the first time I've made German potato salad. I searched until I found this recipe.  I doubled the recipe for a large dinner party but could have made even a larger batch!I did add 2 t. of Dijon mustard, and 1.5 T of chopped chives, which other recipes had these listed in their ingredients.I placed the vinegar, sugar (only 2 T), water, salt, pepper and Dijon in a measuring cup, stirring to combine, and then poured all of it into the Dutch oven (I don’t have a deep skillet).I loved the flavors of the 'sauce'.I couldn't find any waxy potatoes; and the package of Yukon Gold was a 5-pound bag!  I used red potatoes and kept the skins on.This was a hit!! My family loves it!  Question: What white vinegar did you use? This recipe is A.M.A.Z.I.N.G. I made this hesitantly since I’d never made it before but watched my mother in law and since she didn’t make it for us on her last visit I was still craving it. I thought it was just as good as hers. Really tasted the same and I wouldn’t change a thing, I doubled the recipe for my family of 6 and am so glad I’ll have left overs. Thank you for the great recipe. *parents only one of my 4 kids liked this so it’s definitely not going to win everyone over. But it’s great to try new things so make them  at least try it.
