Homemade Roasted Chicken Noodle Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8311358/homemade-roasted-chicken-noodle-soup/
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Prepare roasted chicken: Place chicken pieces on a rimmed baking sheet. Lightly coat with 2 teaspoons oil, then sprinkle with 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Toss carrots, onion, and garlic with the remaining 2 teaspoons oil. Arrange mixture around the chicken pieces on baking sheet. Roast in the preheated oven until vegetables are golden brown and chicken is no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear, 50 to 60 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Remove the baking sheet from the oven and add 1 cup cold water. Remove chicken pieces from the baking sheet and let sit until cool enough to handle. Remove and discard chicken skin. Shred meat from chicken, keeping white meat and dark meat separate. Place bones in a large Dutch oven. Set aside 3 ½ cups white meat for the soup. Reserve dark meat and any remaining white meat for another use. Prepare stock: Add liquid and vegetables from the baking sheet to the Dutch oven. Add 10 cups cold water, carrots, celery, onion, parsley stems, and bay leaf; bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Reduce heat and simmer, occasionally skimming the surface for impurities, 2 to 4 hours. Strain and discard solids and reserve stock. Prepare soup: heat butter and olive oil in a clean Dutch oven medium-high heat until butter has melted. Add carrots, celery, and onion and cook, stirring constantly, for 2 minutes. Add 1 teaspoon salt and ½ teaspoon pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until onions are translucent, another 3 to 5 minutes. Add 10 cups reserved stock and chicken base and bring mixture to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook until veggies are tender, about 30 minutes. While the soup is cooking, fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rapid boil. Cook egg noodles at a boil until tender yet firm to the bite, 7 to 9 minutes. Drain. Stir cooked egg noodles into the soup with reserved white meat and parsley. Taste and adjust salt and pepper if necessary.
This is totally delicious! Roasting the chicken and veggies was the secret for flavor. Absolutely deliciousThank you Nicole!!A 5 rating! Absolutely fantastic. Great recipe. Thank you! I added italian seasoning and adobe. Chicken soup is a lot like pizza...even a bad one is still good!! (This soup is good!!!)  lol  While you're roasting your chicken, throw some chicken feet in the mix as they are full of collagen and add to the depth. Made exactly as per recipe and nailed it.Best chicken noodle ever
