Slow Cooker Breakfast Burritos
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8318088/ham-and-cheese-bisuit-muffins/
Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add sausage and cook, breaking it up with the back of a spoon, until lightly browned and crumbly, about 8 minutes. Add onion and bell pepper; cook until onion is softened, about 5 more minutes. Blot any excess oil in the pan with a paper towel. Continue to cook until sausage is cooked completely, 5 to 7 more minutes. Remove from the heat. (This step can be done 1 day ahead.) Spray a slow cooker with cooking spray. Add sausage mixture, hash browns, and Cheddar cheese. Whisk eggs, milk, salt, and pepper together in a bowl until well blended. Pour into the slow cooker and stir until evenly combined. Cook on Low 6 to 8 hours or on High for 3 to 4 hours, stirring after the first hour. Serve mixture inside warmed tortillas with desired toppings.
I found and saved this recipe on the All Recipes FB page that I recently started following. I made this yesterday for our holiday family gathering and it easily fed 12 adults.  I precooked the sausage and assembled the ingredients in my crock pot that cooked on low overnight.  Would have been fine at 8am had it been turned off. Mine also got a little dark and crispy.  I looked for the recipe here so I can save it and make it again.  Delicious!! Like the other review, this also burned the bottom for me. I did but it in a pressure cooker instead to speed up the time, but bc it was burning, it wasn’t cooking properly. The instant pot kept turning off automatically saying it was burnt. I had to transfer it to a baking dish and bake it in the oven instead to finish it off. Still tasted amazing, but I had to bake it instead This turned out really good. I had weekend guests and prepared everything earlier in the day, before their arrival. When i could see the night was winding down (after much socializing 😉), I quickly mixed everything together and started the crockpot. This was somewhere around 11pm. We turned in sometime after midnight so I did the “stir once” as directed in the recipe before going to bed myself. The first person up was around 8am ish. Thankfully they turned the crockpot off. Some of the edges were getting overcooked. Flavor was good but basic - and I even added 1 tsp cumin and 1/2 tsp garlic and onion powders to the eggs! But any bland is spruced up by your toppings and mine included avocado, salsa, sour cream, Pepper Jack cheese, etc. Again, everyone enjoyed. The ease of this is worth making again! Note to others: Either identify your early riser or direct the first person up needs to shut off the crockpot. Or! If you are fortunate to have a timer crockpot, set it! It will stay warm for the extra hour or two of sleep you need without cooking the heck out of the edges. I had a crockpot liner so easy clean-up.  Would absolutely make again. I plan to play around with the seasonings but will make again. Thanks Nicolemcmom! Good crockpot/guest recipe!
