Best Homemade Chicken Pot Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8343156/best-homemade-chicken-pot-pie/
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Melt butter in a large, deep skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion, carrot, celery, salt, and rosemary and cook, stirring often, until onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in flour and cook for 1 minute. Stir in chicken broth and cream and bring to a simmer. Reduce heat and cook, stirring often, until thick and creamy and vegetables have started to soften, about 5 minutes. Stir in chicken, peas, and parsley until well combined. Season with salt and pepper and remove from the heat. Place one crust in the bottom of a 9-inch pie plate. Add filling and place second crust on top. Press crusts together to seal around the edges and use fingers to crimp the dough. Cut small slits in the top and transfer to a rimmed baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until golden and bubbly, about 30 minutes. Tent the edges with foil while baking if they become too brown. Let stand 10 minutes before serving. utzflca
I had tried a different recipe that my toddler threw on the floor so looked for a different one and picked this. Home run and SO good! I didn't have heavy cream so learned how to substitute with milk and butter after a quick search online and used 3/4 cup in this. I used only one tablespoon of butter and 2.5 tablespoons of flour to cook a cup of frozen peas and carrots, kept the spices super simple with just a teaspoon of Herbs de Provence from the pantry, and then salt and pepper to taste. I also used pre shredded rotisserie chicken from the grocery store....all that filled up one pie tin perfectly with plenty of room to drape the second crust on top. Seriously, this is such a great recipe for frazzled moms with picky toddlers and it's already in my go-to binder of things to make. I have had CPP with a 1/3 cup of Swiss cheese that really lent a savory taste.  Have you ever added that ingredient? Very close to a Betty Crocker recipe I have been making for years.  I increased the chicken broth to 1 3/4 cups and used 2/3 cups whole milk instead of heavy cream.  Good! My mom even admitted that this is better than her tried, true, and delicious version.This is TOP NOTCH🤩🤩🤩 Everyone in my family had seconds. Loved it! I used a 9x12 baking dish. I upped a few ingredients a little. It was delicious. The crust recipe is great also. Great meal. For those that complained that it was far to much chopping, here's a hint, next time buy precut veggies. I added potatoes next time I will parboil them. Seasoned my chicken breast very well. Thanks for the recipe. Thank you for this Wonderful recipe. I had leftover roast turkey and pot pies are my husband's fav! I used fresh green beans instead of peas, a few diced cooked potatoes and egg washed the top. It was a perfect way to use the leftover turkey and homemade broth. This will be my go to pot pie recipe for sure! This was the easiest chicken pot pie recipe I ever made. My husband really liked it. He came back for seconds. The filling was just right, not at all runny. Nice and thick the way it should be. Will definitely make this again.  Thanks for sharing.
