Meatball Pasta Bake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8355257/meatball-pasta-bake/
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add ziti and cook, stirring occasionally, about 3 minutes less than the package instructions, about 8 minutes. Drain pasta. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a 13x9 inch baking dish. Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat and cook meatballs until browned on all sides, about 5 minutes. Add marinara sauce and ricotta cheese; mix to combine. Add cooked pasta and mix to combine. Season with Italian seasoning and garlic powder. Cover the bottom of the prepared baking dish with a layer of sauce without meatballs. Sprinkle 1 cup mozzarella cheese on top. Add another layer of sauce with meatballs on top and sprinkle with 1/3 cup Parmesan cheese. Add another layer of 1 cup mozzarella cheese. Add the rest of the sauce and meatball mixture on top, followed by remaining 1 cup mozzarella cheese and 1/3 cup Parmesan cheese. Cover baking dish with aluminum foil. Bake in the preheated oven until cheese is melted, 20 to 30 minutes. Remove foil and bake until cheese starts to turn golden brown, 10 to 20 minutes. Enjoy!
Fantastic!! I don't usually make a new recipe when company is coming over. Well.. this looked quick and easy!! I made for 8 people we had 6 guests over. There was nothing left at the end of the meal and people were fighting over the last meatballs!!!! :) YUM I used Don Pepino Pizza sauce instead of pasta sauce. This is so delicious and makes a ton AKA Baked Ziti.  I've been making this for years. When you don't have the time to make your own "Sunday sauce" or meatballs this is a great alternative. Made a couple of changes: 1) put green pepper, fresh mini tomatoes & onion in the sauce.  2) replaced the ricotta with cottage cheese.  Overall, everyone loved the recipe :) It tastes delicious! There's a little piece missing from the corner if you look close lol. I can't wait to take it to my son's and share it with them. Was fairly easy to make.  Made a couple of changes. Used only one 16 ounce box of pasta and very little from the second box, but made two casseroles.  Two boxes would have made the recipe too pasta heavy.  Also added more garlic powder than called for.   Aftercooking, I cut the meatballs in half and laid the flat side down.  That way there was a meatball in every bite. I made it and added more Italian spices and garlic. Came out very good. Family loved it! Sooo good. Made exactly as suggested and everyone, including my daughter who doesn't like red sauce, loved it! Fantastic!! I don't usually make a new recipe when company is coming over. Well.. this looked quick and easy!! I made for 8 people we had 6 guests over. There was nothing left at the end of the meal and people were fighting over the last meatballs!!!! :) YUM
