Juicy Roasted Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/83557/juicy-roasted-chicken/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Place chicken in a roasting pan; season generously inside and out with onion powder, salt, and pepper. Place 3 tablespoons of butter in chicken cavity; arrange dollops of remaining butter on the outside of chicken. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cut celery into 3 or 4 pieces; place in the chicken cavity. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake chicken uncovered in the preheated oven until no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear, about 1 hour and 15 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh, near the bone, should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove from the oven and baste with drippings. Cover with aluminum foil and allow to rest for about 30 minutes before serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio
OK - if you are like me, you will look at the ingredients and instructions for this receipe and say to yourself "Jeez people, what is the big deal?" Well- don't do it. I chose this receipe simply because I had a whole chicken, not a lot of time, and needed to cook it. I have NO idea why the combination of these ingredients or this cooking method (I followed it EXACTLY as written, but used real butter) yields such a wonderfully TASTY bird...but it does! If you don't try this, you're missing out. If you do try this, I venture to say that, you will be very pleasantly surprised! I love this recipe. I always look up a recipe and use them as a base. I followed the time and temp directions but I stuffed it with stuffing, not celery. Also, I used poultry seasoning and injected the bird with some chicken broth especially in the breast. And threw some small potatoes into the pan to roast in the juices. Family loved it. Excellent!! My whole family loved it. I put half an onion and 1 clove garlic in with the celery inside the chicken. I added garlic powder , paprika, lemon pepper to seasoning that I rubbed on chicken. Other than that followed the recipe. The chicken was juicy and delicious. Paired with mashed potatoes and roasted zucchini and carrots. Husband and kids gave it a huge thumbs up. Definitely adding to the rotation! this was my first time roasting a chicken, and I admit it came out tender and juicy. I guess my only complaint would be that it was kind of bland (strictly my opinion, my wife LOVED it).I think next time I may add some sliced onion and minced garlic in the cavity. The cooking time and temp was perfectly on point though. great recipe. nice, simple and ive actually been doing it similarly for years. instead of dollops of butter in cavity and outside the bird, i soften the butter a bit in the microwave and then i mix a little garlic powder, onion powder, and paprika into the butter and i smear the butter underneath the skin on breast and legs and them whatever is left over i smear inside cavity before stuffing with celery and an onion. i do it under the skin to add more seasoning to the meat itself. and maybe a light sprinkle on top of skin as well with a little pepper. OMG! What a succulent chicken! The only change made was substituting the celery with garlic since my hubby and I prefer it. And based on a few reviews, I went ahead and placed onions underneath the chicken. Thank you for sharing this awesome recipe! i used a 5 1/4 lb chicken and stuffed it with butter, celery and onion. I put celery,onion,and potatoes with butter around the chicken and cooked it for 2 1/2 hours. Next time I'll add the veggies later. The chicken itself was super juicy and tender. My uber picky 10 year old even said wow you can really cook a chicken mom! This was the juiciest roast chicken I've ever made! Mine was close to 6 lbs so I roasted for about 2 hours. I added garlic powder and rubbed the seasoning and butter under the skin and rubbed the rest of the seasoning all over the chicken. I also added garlic cloves inside the cavity. I sprinkled some paprika for color then sprayed with "I Can't Believe it's Not Butter" all over the chicken. The skin was crispy & tasty. I was generous with the seasoning so the meat was tasty as well. I was VERY surprised at this one! During the cooking process I was wondering because there was no juice in the bottom of the roaster, and the chicken itself LOOKED dry. But appearances are deceiving, all the juices were inside the birdI added half of a large onion into the roaster, added water after I took the chicken out and boiled the well roasted onion for quite a while. I also snuck in a gravy mix before thickening. Since the juice all stays inside, I had to get a lil creative. But it was all worth it in the end, VERY easy and tasty recipe. Thanks a ton for sharing your family secret :-) The juiciest chicken I've ever had. I did make some changes just because I like a lot of flavor. I added some chopped garlic in the cavity as well and garlic powder to the bird. I also made a great gravy from the drippings. This is a great recipe, thanks for sharing!! This easily gets 5 stars for being moist and juicy.... However, I think it needs more flavor. (All we could taste was the onion powder.) Next time, I'll use 1/2 Tbsp. onion powder, and add 1/4 tsp. garlic powder, plus 1/2 to 1 tsp. crushed thyme and/or rosemary, in addition to the salt and pepper. I watched your recipe in the video. When I went to print your recipe it’s different than the video. Your video says 425 Degrees and the Printed recipe 350 degrees. Where is the recipe that goes with your video? Thanks I didn't have any celery so I used a little bit of pineapple. I also used a mesquite maple rub and it made it taste amazing.  I am so glad that I found this recipe. Made this chicken and my family lived it. Easy and really great tasting. The skin on the chicken is amazing and the chicken is juicy. Will be keeping this in my recipe bank Recipe was simple, customizable for personal taste. Chicken was beautiful, very moist, and so tasty. The video says the oven temperature is 425 but the written recipes says 350. Can you please tell me which it is that everyone is writing the reviews about? Made it with side of stuffing and fresh corn.. IT WAS THE BOMB I TELL YA !! Taste good just seems something was missing we'll make again. Juicy and tender, even the breast! Great flavor.Definitely a keeper.
