Moist Apple Cake 
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8358/apple-cake-iv/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease and flour a 9x13-inch pan. Sift flour, salt, cinnamon, and baking powder together; set aside. Beat eggs and sugar together in a large bowl with an electric mixer on high speed until light in color, about 10 to 15 minutes; beat in oil until combined. Add flour mixture and mix well. Add vanilla and fold in apples and nuts. Pour cake batter into prepared pan. Mix 4 teaspoons sugar with 1 teaspoon cinnamon in a small bowl; sprinkle over cake. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into center of the cake comes out clean, about 50 to 60 minutes.
This cake was easy and delicious. After reading all the reviews I was certainly torn; sweet apple vs tart apple, nuts vs no nuts, 2 cups sugar vs less sugar, frosting vs no frosting. What's a girl to do? Well, this is so unlike me, but I followed the recipe exactly and it was just right. I used 5 large Granny Smith apples. I think a tart apple is the way to go. If you leave out the nuts, the cake is going to taste sweeter so you might want to adjust the sugar. And I can't imagine adding frosting to this cake, but to each his own. I served mine with a big scoop of vanilla ice cream and got rave reviews from everyone. I will definitely be making this again and again. This apple cake is my go-to recipe even though I have a few others. the steps are easy,  I always have the ingredients on hand, and it makes a great presentation every time. Recipe was so easy, and the cake was moist and DELICIOUS! I made this without the walnuts because I didn't have any and it turned out so delicious. I sent the recipe to my mom. She made it with half the sugar and it turned out so well too. Followed exactly,,turned out nice and high and even light, with all the apples too!!My church will love it tomorrow at Coffee Hour This cake was amazing ! Easy recipe. I cubed the apple not sliced. It seems like a lot of apples but they cook down. I didn't use the topping.Overall really yummy and easy to make. I may test less sugar next time. This recipe is a favorite in our house. It's delicious and very customizable. Made the cake according to recipe. My family raved about it. I will definitely make it again.  It's a keeper!
