Corned Beef Roast
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/83646/corned-beef-roast/
Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Place corned beef brisket in the center of a roasting pan. Arrange potatoes and carrots around the sides, then scatter onion and garlic over top. Sprinkle seasoning packet over beef, then pour in water until potatoes are almost covered. Cover with a lid or heavy aluminum foil. Roast in the preheated oven until corned beef is so tender it can be flaked apart with a fork, about 5 to 6 hours.
I made this 3/17/08. I believe I have found the recipe for me! I added cabbage during the last 1 1/2 hours. This turned out awesome. This was by far the best corned beef I have ever made. My husband really liked it and made sure he got the leftovers! Excellent and easy but I did not use salt. I subsituted no-fat/low salt chicken broth for approx. half the water and a tsp or so of crushed red pepper. I probably will never boil corned beef again (tho slow cooker is also convenient and delish). The oven method however, was superior! This turned out really great for me. I used my cast iron dutch oven and only needed to roast it for about 3 hours at 300 (my roast was probably half the size of the recommended one from the recipe). I added some frozen chopped napa cabbage to the bottom under the roast. I ussed a very high quality grassfed nitrate-free corned flatiron beef roast from US Wellness Meats and believe it or not, I actually had to add salt at the table. The flavor was incredible though, and my kids loved it too. But I can see how if you used one of the cheap nitrate-laden grocery store roasts you would not want any extra salt. Still, I'd recommend paying more for the healthier and tastier roast, I will definitely be making this again. YUM! BEST corned beef ever! I read online that steaming is the key to a moist, flavorful corned beef so I tried this. I did not cook the veggies with my meat but followed directions very closely. I poured a bottle of dark beer into the roasting pan and added enough water to come up about an inch in the pan. Put the flat cut beef on a rack in the pan and sprinkled the pickling spice packet and chopped garlic over the top. Sealed pan very tightly with heavy duty foil and cooked in oven about 2 1/2 hours (I had a 2 lb roast) Let it rest, sealed while I roasted our garlic red potatoes. When we took the foil off I was shocked at how the meat had barely shrunk, and the beautiful color and tenderness. Tasted wonderful - I will never make a corned beef any other way! No more boiled to death St. Paddy's dinner for us!! I cooked this in the oven and made another in the crockpot... while they both tasted great we all agreed throwing it all in the crockpot was better. Didn't shrink as much, and was moist compared to the oven roast. Will use this recipe again for sure! This was good but I made some changes. I put it in a slow cooker, added 3 cups of water, 2 tablespoons of apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons of sugar and cabbage. It was great. Oh ya, I also added a bay leaf and some fresh garlic. Was fabulous. This recipes is great and tasty. My family loved it. I made some changes that added to the flavor. Instead of using water i used beer and i put it in the Crock pot for about 7 hours. This recipe did not need any extra salt. I will make this again. I agree that this is an improvement over boiled corned beef. Going forward when I make this meal, I think I'll cook the meat this way, and roast the potatoes and carrots separately. I'll keep the onions and garlic with the beef, though. Instead of water I used a combination of red wine and beef stock. For the last hour in the oven I increased the temperature to 350 and removed the foil. It was much tastier than my usual corned beef! Without a doubt, this is the best corned beef I've ever tasted! So tender and moist, we easily cut it with a fork. As with other reviewers I did not add salt. and also did not dice the carrots and potatoes, but cut them into large chunks and added them for the last 1 1/2 hour or so. Additionally, I added cabbage wedges for the final 30 minutes. Everything was perfect. I did this recipe in the slow cooker instead and did not add the salt. It turned out fantastic! My family love it! Big corned beef fan, Great alternative to boiling it all day!! Did add turnips and rutabagas instead of potatoes and cabbage the last hour. Turned out great!! Oh ya, don't add salt, only season with salt and pepper to taste at the end!!!! After reading the comments, I washed with cold water, didn't add any salt and used Irish beer and chicken broth instead of water.  Left carrots in large pieces.  Used the smaller honey gold potatoes and halved them.  Carrots and potatoes just the right amount of tenderness.  Tasted great.  Thanks for the recipe Having made this meal a few times I found putting in your vegetables half way through the cooking time is enough, especially the cabbage which goes too flaky if over-cooked.  They do not require 5 hours of cooking.  Also soaking the meat the night before in cold water will remove  much of the salt.  I wash it several times.  Also boiling rather than roasting removes a lot of the salt.  I change the water after it has boiled for an hour and you still have enough salt.The recipe is missing a lot of essential information and tips. Very simple and easy to make. Smells amazing. When making most corn beef boil it in water for a few minutes under a soft boil (5 to 10 min.) Then dump water and rinse beef. Corn beef is loaded with salt and this is a good way to remove. I never salt most of my cooking until its at the table as well not a big fan of adding salt to most foods most have enough in already from other additive. I thought it was great--the family loved it.  I did add wedges of cabbage on  top of everything in the last hour or so.  Also did not add extra salt. We all loved this. I used a portable roaster instead of the oven and I didn't add any salt and it was perfect! To all those having salt problems - rinse your meat really well first and don't add more. Corned beef tends to be really salty to begin with. My other comment would be don't bother with the  seasoning packet that comes with it. Pepper, some garlic and onion work well. This oven roasting brings out the flavor where boiling it always seemed to make it meh. IMO. This is a great way to cook what can be an inexpensive cut of meat, especially around St Pat's day when everyone has it on sale.
