Black Magic Cake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8372/black-magic-cake/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 9-inch round cake pans or one 9x13-inch dish. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine sugar, flour, cocoa, baking soda, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl. Make a well in the center. Pour coffee, buttermilk, oil, eggs, and vanilla into the well. Beat for 2 minutes on medium speed. Batter will be thin. otdash Meredith Food Studio otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour into the prepared pans. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean, 30 to 40 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cool for 10 minutes, then remove from the pans and finish cooling on a wire rack. otdash Meredith Food Studio Fill and frost as desired. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
I've done quite a lot of baking in my life, which has included more cakes than I could count. This chocolate cake is one of the best I've ever made. Moist, fragrant,dark and with a rich chocolate flavor. It will become a classic go-to recipe for me. No reason to search for a better chocolate cake. I am having trouble . My cake always fall . I do the steps by step. Plz tell me what I am doing wrong. The taste is there. I am truly lost This was yummy and moist!. Loved the slight coffee flavor. This was first published by Hershey's in the 1970's or before.  I have been making the recipe since the 1970's.  Great with 7-minute frosting and then coconut on top of the frosting.  Do not under bake or it will be like pudding.  I mailed in a label on the can of Hershey's cocoa and 50 cents and received the cookbook - before the internet.  I still have the cookbook. With the 7-minute frosting and coconut, it tastes like hostess sno-balls tasted many years ago (not the same nowadays). I make this gluten-free with a 1:1 substitute of mixture of Bob's Red Mill All-Purpose GF flour and coconut flour (3/4 BRM, 1/4 coconut flour). My mother worked  at Hershey after college. This is her recipe!  It was on the Hershey Cocoa Box for some years. I make this cake often and then turn it into my famous triple chocolate fudge cake.everybody loves it.i put glace cherries,and maltesers  on top of swirls and sprinkles. Around the sides.and on top of.the.cvake.....its moist.,,.you can add anything to the filling it's always delicious... Fantastic Recipe.I am 81 years old and have make a lot of cakes in my life but must say this one is the best chocolate cake I have ever baked. I cut the recipe in half and made it in an 8x8 pan which was a BIG Mistake, should have made the 9x13 size.  Only change was I used Hershey's Special Dark cocoa. Will make this again and again. Thank you for sharing. This recipe never lets me down.  Simple and but decadent.Used now on at least 20 birthdays.  Always a hit. This is the BEST chocolate cake i have ever tasted
