Best Chicken Marinade
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/83793/best-chicken-marinade/
Gather the ingredients. LLRECIPES / NELLY CUANAL Mix olive oil, soy sauce, lemon juice, liquid smoke, mustard, pepper, and garlic powder together in a large glass or ceramic bowl. LLRECIPES / NELLY CUANAL Place chicken in the bowl and turn to coat with marinade. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator for 1 to 4 hours. For best results, do not marinate longer than 4 hours. LLRECIPES / NELLY CUANAL Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat and lightly oil the grate. LLRECIPES / NELLY CUANAL Remove chicken from the marinade and shake off excess. Discard the remaining marinade. LLRECIPES / NELLY CUANAL Cook chicken on the preheated grill until no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, 6 to 8 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). LLRECIPES / NELLY CUANAL Serve and enjoy! LLRECIPES / NELLY CUANAL
Very nice recipe with great flavor. Made the first time and it was wonderful. Made it the second time with fresh squeezed orange juice as I was out of lemon juice. Even better!!! This is a delicious recipe for baked or grilled chicken, I didn’t have the liquid smoke so I added 2 tsp Worcestershire sauce instead and it turned out wonderful- definitely a keeper! My husband doesn't like chicken, but he likes this. Fabulous! I didn't change a thing. Put it on top of caesar salad and my family loved it! This is a marinade I use on repeat, I've been using this for years. Simple, easy, great flavors. I don't use the liquid smoke. Very easy and left the chicken wet moist The marinade came out great.  My wife (who is very particular) loved it so it's in the family favorite box now.  The low sodium soy sauce was perfect, not too salty. It was tasty.  Improvised a little on the ingredients by necessity.  Will get the right ingredients and cook it again. Tried it; loved it and shared it with friends and its my go-to recipe for all dinners and get togethers!!  Did not use the amount of Olive Oil as 2/3 cup was excessive; used 1/4 cup the next time and it was perfect. Not added salt either.
