Easy Pumpkin Dessert
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8404/great-pumpkin-dessert/
Gather the ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13-inch baking dish. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix pumpkin purée, evaporated milk, sugar, eggs, and pumpkin pie spice together in a bowl until well combined; pour into the prepared dish. otdash Meredith Food Studio Sprinkle cake mix over top, then drizzle with melted butter and top with walnuts. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until a knife inserted near the center comes out clean, about 1 hour. Let cool completely before cutting into 24 squares. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Wow! This is delicious! As other reviewers suggested, I used 1 cup of melted butter instead of the 3/4 cup and added 1 teaspoon cinnamon. I think that this really made a difference in the yumminess of the dessert. I also had to bake it for approximately 1 hour 15 minutes, which is a little longer than the recipe calls for. I made it for my Mom's birthday and served it with a big dollop of whipped topping. Make this...you won't regret it! Definitely an easy delicious pumpkin dessert! I used my own spice blend (cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg and cloves) instead of the straight pumpkin pie spice and a Spice Cake mix instead of the yellow.  I opted not to use the nuts but instead sprinkled some cinnamon and cardamom on top before pouring the melted butter. My family says.....Thank You! The way I made this pumpkin dessert recipe was spot on! The sugar I used was not overpowering and the spice and puree made it truly superb! This recipe was  incredibly easy to prepare and it came out delicious. I used a sieve to distribute the cake mix. I did use 1 cup of melted butter since a couple of the reviews mentioned that and it made sense to me. The only other modification I made was that I reduced the sugar by 1/4 cup - I used 1/2 cup white and 1/4 cup brown. I served it with fresh whipped cream.  I will definitely be making this again! We thought it was delicious! It was very easy to make and I would definitely make it again! I wanted to do something a little different for Thanksgiving this year so I made this and was so happy I did! I followed the recipe exactly as is and it turned out so delicious! Like addictive delicious. One thing to keep in mind is to make sure the melted butter covers the entire top of the dessert before baking. This will ensure that there aren't any spots of cake mix powder. This dessert will absolutely become a fall staple for me. SO GOOD! I haven't tasted it yet but I made it for a Thanksgiving dessert. I'm just a little confused about the recipe because I followed all the directions and the cake mix is still a powder on top. I don't think it's supposed to be like that. This is a family favorite every Thanksgiving. Easy and delicious pumpkin cake! this was a super easy recipe. quick to put together and it disappeared at our Thanksgiving potluck at work.  took home an empty pan!
