Slow Cooker Tuscan Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8420617/slow-cooker-tuscan-chicken/
Spray the interior of the slow cooker with cooking spray, or use a plastic liner. Place chicken thighs in the bottom of the slow cooker and sprinkle with Italian seasoning, red pepper flakes, salt, and black pepper. Evenly layer sun-dried tomatoes and sliced olives over the seasoned chicken. Heat olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add onion to the hot oil and cook until onions begin to get tender, 3 to 4 minutes. Add garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Using a slotted spoon, transfer onions to the slow cooker and spread evenly over the sun-dried tomatoes. Return the skillet to medium heat and add cream, stirring until all the olive oil is incorporated and the sauce begins to bubble. Pour cream sauce evenly over the onions. Cover slow cooker and cook on High for 3 to 4 hours or Low for 6 to 7 hours if you prefer a longer cook time. Remove cooked chicken and vegetables to a serving platter. Add torn spinach to the sauce and cook until wilted, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove spinach from sauce with a slotted spoon and place on top of the chicken and vegetables. The sauce will be a bit thin. If you like a thicker sauce, pour into a small saucepan over medium heat. Combine 2 tablespoons cornstarch and 2 tablespoons water in a small bowl. Stir until all the lumps are gone, to create a slurry. Add slurry to the sauce and cook over medium-high heat, stirring constantly, until bubbly and thickened, 5 to 7 minutes. Spoon sauce and spinach over the dish and serve warm.
This was a fairly easy recipe to make. However, it barely fed 2 adults and 2 small kids so I would plus it up some for larger families. The flavor was very good, even my grandson loved it and he doesn't like anything! Family loved it! If I went to a super fancy Italian restaurant and ordered this, I would totally be happy. Translation: high end flavor and high end look for relatively low effort. I made this and did not like it!  what is worse, it was a slow cooker item, so It took till after workday that I knew this was a poor recipe.  I had almost zero "extra sauce" .    There is a tartness, (the olives or the sun dried tomatos?), that I can not place.  Admittedly, the chicken is tender, but this entire dish is basically a big pile of dark brown chicken and sun dried tomato paste!  If I throw this over some pasta, I might salvage a 2lb slow cooker disaster.  Did it need chicken stock? Turned out flawless. Hubs loved it! Definitely a keeper. This was amazing!! Easy to make. I was very surprised it was not flavorful even thought I used all the ingredients. Bellisimo! Great recipe! I followed this  as written and decided to add the cornflour at the end to thicken the sauce. It came out perfect 😊 Fab-u-lous recipe and meal, Bibi! So tasty, quick and easy, too. A must try for everyone! I used herb and oil packed julienned sun dried tomatoes and a 3-blend bag of greens. On a gentle reheat, the greens held up very well. I also used bone-in, skinless chicken thighs tat were so tender and scrumptious in the sauce. No need for a flour slurry as the cup of Peccorino Romano grated cheese I added tightened the sauce up perfectlyThank you, Bibi, for another winning dish! Better on the second day.   Substituted Black Olives.  Needs MUCH more spinach than recipe mentioned.  Simply FABULOUS! I was nervous that the cream would separate because of being cooked for so long and it did. I had to whisk the sauce to make it smooth. The chicken was tender but that was the best part of the dish.
