Apple Cider Donut Cake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8422629/apple-cider-doughnut-cake/
Pour apple cider into a medium saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Cook, without stirring, until reduced to about 1/2 cup, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio While cider reduces, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Generously rub shortening all over the inside of a 12-cup Bundt pan. Sprinkle some flour all over inside of pan over shortening and tap around to completely cover in flour. Tap out excess flour and set pan aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Whisk together flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, nutmeg, cloves, and 2 teaspoons of the cinnamon in a medium bowl. Whisk together eggs, brown sugar, oil, buttermilk, apple butter, vanilla, 2/3 cup of the granulated sugar, and reduced apple cider in a large bowl. Add half of flour mixture to egg mixture and stir to combine. Add remaining half of flour mixture and grated apple and stir until just incorporated, but some lumps still remain, and making sure apples are evenly incorporated (you may need to use a fork to separate apple pieces). Pour into the prepared pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown and a toothpick inserted in center of cake comes out clean, 50 to 55 minutes. Cool cake in the pan on a wire rack for 15 minutes. Remove cake from pan to a wire rack to cool completely, about 1 hour. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir together remaining 1/3 cup granulated sugar and 1 1/2 teaspoons cinnamon in a small bowl. Brush melted butter evenly over outside and center ring of cake. Sprinkle top and sides of cake with cinnamon-sugar. otdash Meredith Food Studio Enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
I made this cake for Sunday Brunch and everyone loved it!I'm only giving it 4 stars as I did make some changes to the recipe, nothing major just trying to make it a bit healthier. I changed the whole buttermilk to 2% milk (that's all I had), instead of 1 cup canola oil I used a single serve pot of apple sauce plus some melted butter to make it up to 1 cup and I reduced the white sugar in the cake to just 1/4 cup. Reducing the sugar really let the flavor of apple and the spices shine through! Will definitely make again. It baked up beautifully and smells amazing. I’m sure it will taste as delicious as it looks I made this recipe gluten free by using King Arthur Gluten Free All Purpose Flour. It worked very well! My gluten eating kids and husband loved it, even though I did notice a bit of an aftertaste from the swap. The cake was a bit crumbly, but I think that was likely from the GF AP flour. This is a great dessert or breakfast! Great flavor, the batter was amazing, but cooked for 50 minutes and the cake was too dry. Love the fall taste profile of this recipe!This “Donut Cake” lives up to its name.  The texture is truly that of a cake donut, full of delicious and spiced fall flavors!Made a couple of mistakes by not reading the instructions carefully.  The directions state the cinnamon and the sugar were to be divided.I used all the sugar and cinnamon in the batter recipe.  Then to make up for this error I used more sugar and more cinnamon sprinkles for the cake topping.Changes and/or additions I made were few, as follows:•	Brushed the bundt cake pan with softened butter vs. shortening•	Rendered about ¾ C of cider vs. ½ C•	Used a SweetTango apple instead of a Honeycrisp•	Served it with a dollop of Reddi WipThe result was a very tasty cake that allowed no mistaking its apple basis, but I thought it should have been a little moister.  Perhaps a little additional apple butter or buttermilk could have accomplished that. Very flavorful I really like the cake, although it seemed a little dry. I would enjoymore apple flavor, too. Any suggestions?Thanks! I made this cake for Sunday Brunch and everyone loved it!I'm only giving it 4 stars as I did make some changes to the recipe, nothing major just trying to make it a bit healthier. I changed the whole buttermilk to 2% milk (that's all I had), instead of 1 cup canola oil I used a single serve pot of apple sauce plus some melted butter to make it up to 1 cup and I reduced the white sugar in the cake to just 1/4 cup. Reducing the sugar really let the flavor of apple and the spices shine through! Will definitely make again.
