Slow-Cooker Corned Beef and Cabbage
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/84270/slow-cooker-corned-beef-and-cabbage/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place potatoes, carrots, and onion into the bottom of a slow cooker; add water and place brisket on top of vegetables. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour beer over brisket; sprinkle over spices from the packet and cover. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook on High for 7 hours; stir in the cabbage and cook for 1 more hour. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Amazingly simple, and amazingly delicious. The only changes I made were to set the slow cooker on low, instead of high. The meat came out tender and falling apart. I might put in the vegetables later on next time, but if you like stewy and smushy vegetables, then put it in the pot at the beginning. A solid hit! My boyfriend loved this dish, and it made leftovers for the two of us for a week! I make this recipe several times per year. The only tweaks I use is to set the slow cooker on LOW instead of high, and cook for NINE hours. I also add fresh minced garlic and substitute beef broth for water.I add the onions first, and layer the corned beef on top, and wait to add the potatoes and carrots until the halfway point, approximately 4 1/2 to 5 hours in. Add the cabbage at the eighth hour, and cook one additional hour.This recipe is not only flavorful and hearty, but the vegetables remain firm, and the cabbage well cooked. I use point cut corned beef brisket, and I remove and shred it, and add it back into the crock right before I add the cabbage.Everything else is the same as this recipe and I swear by it. I have never left a review, but this is so delicious, I just had to! This is amazing and so easy! I had a 3 lb brisket and cooked for 6 1/2 hours. First hour on hi, then turned to low. I used 1 cup of water and I 12 oz can of beer. It turned out perfect!!!! Now I think I can open a corned beef sandwich shop. Yes it’s that good!!!!! Absolutely a game-changer. This was try #3 to make the best corned beef. The first two times, we tried different recipes and both came out dry, tough and salty. This one absolutely melts in your mouth. All I can do is plead with all fellow doubters to TRUST, TRUST, TRUST. High temp is NOT crazy. 8 hours is NOT too long. Guinness Extra Stout is NOT too strong. Water is NOT the wrong liquid. Vegetables will NOT be mush (just cut them larger to ensure it). To the top of the meat, we added all the spices called for (except salt) as if we were pre-brining the meat ourselves (peppercorns, juniper berries, pickling spice, caraway seed, garlic, ground cloves, bay leaves, etc.). Cut with the grain, it falls apart in beautiful shreds. Cut against the grain, it melts in your mouth. I’ve been using this recipe for YEARS, and it always results in the most PERFECT corned beef ever. Never dry. Always perfectly cooked, and anybody I serve it to, raves.I have made this recipe my own over the years with some simple tweaks, but none of them involve changing the cooking temp. I have always cooked on high, and the meat and vegetables are always perfectly cooked.What I do differently:1. I use a healthy amount of rutabagas and turnips cut into large chunks, instead of potatoes. I also cut the carrots and onion into large chunks. By the time I’ve put all vegetables in, the crockpot is already half full.2. Instead of just water, I use the liquid in with the corned beef, and if it doesn’t equal 4 cups, I add enough water to make it 4 cups.3. I use 8oz of Guinness Extra Stout, not 6oz. I’m unsure why so many people on here insist on using Budweiser or some other low flavor beer. The high flavor beer mellows while cooking, and adds a great hint of flavor to all the vegetables.4. I add a small bay leaf on top of the meat after sprinkling the spices on.5. I nestle cabbage wedges around the corned beef, at 7 hours. By the end of the final hour of cook time, the cabbage is perfect, and everything can be taken out and put on a platter to serve.As I said, it turns out perfectly every time! The leftovers, if there are any, make a great corned beef hash, and is perfect served with poached eggs, the morning after. After reading many reviews, I made a few changes based on others' recommendations. I cooked on low, not high, for a total of 8 hours. I started with the corned beef on the bottom, added the liquid (all water, no beer), the season packet and the onions. After 5 hours I added the potatoes and carrots for the final 3 hours. At hour 7 , I removed several cups of the broth to cook the cabbage in my dutch oven for the final hour of cooking (since my crockpot was too full to hold the cabbage).Everything was cooked to perfection.My family absolutely loved it.This is my new go to recipe for St. Pat's Day feast. This was easy and excellent! I had a 4.4 lb brisket, and wanted more cabbage and carrots, so had to cook some of the cabbage separately. I also made a few minor adaptations:I changed the water to chicken broth, and added a bit more spice (a few peppercorns, coriander seeds, cardamon pods, a couple small bay leaves and mustard; toasted for just a few minutes in an iron skillet and then ground up in a clean coffee grinder).I also did not add the carrots, cabbage and potatoes until about 2 hours before the corned beef was finished, and they turned out perfectly! I have been making this recipe as long as there has been crockpots!!! Love this! The only thing different I have had to do is having a large family to feed this I Cooked my cabbage in a very large skillet using the juice from the cookedcorned beef. I would just put the beef and veggies on platter, empty juice out into skillet and place meat and veggies back into cooker again on warm. Cook cabbage in juice and it’s wonderful! Never any left overs!!! Sometimes I have to cook 2 corned beefs! Lots of company!!! Perfect and delicious! I used a skunky beer, and 2 cups of hot beef broth (added when adding the potatoes). Cooked the brisket on low 7 hours, potatoes for 4 hours and halved Brussel spouts for 2 hours. Loved it Loved it all.  Very good flavor and my family really enjoyed it.  I will cook a bit less.  Would have like the veggies a bit more firm.  They were quite mushy, but delicious@ The only way I’ll make corned beef! Sub beef broth for water, cook on high but leave veggies a good size as they will be in there for a while! Loved by all!
