Black Forest Cake II
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8444/black-forest-cake-ii/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line the bottoms of two 8 inch round pans with parchment paper circles. Sift together flour, cocoa, baking soda and 1 teaspoon salt. Set aside. Cream shortening and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in eggs and vanilla. Beat in flour mixture, alternating with buttermilk, until combined. Pour into 2 round 8 inch pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 to 40 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the cake comes out clean. Cool completely. Remove paper from the cakes. Cut each layer in half, horizontally, making 4 layers total. Sprinkle layers with the 1/2 cup kirshwasser. In a medium bowl, cream the butter until light and fluffy. Add confectioners sugar, pinch of salt, and coffee; beat until smooth. If the consistency is too thick, add a couple teaspoons of cherry juice or milk. Spread first layer of cake with 1/3 of the filling. Top with 1/3 of the cherries. Repeat with the remaining layers. In a separate bowl, whip the cream to stiff peaks. Beat in 1/2 teaspoon vanilla and 1 tablespoon kirshwasser. Frost top and sides of cake. Sprinkle with chocolate curls made by using a potato peeler on semisweet baking chocolate.
This recipe is very good...HOWEVER, here are my moderations: I made this in a hurry, so I had to use a dark chocolate cake mix, which was wonderful.-Soak the cherries in the kirsch overnight.-Because other's have said that it's too strong I used only 1\4c. kirsch and 1\4c. leftover cherry juice to brush onto the cake. It was potent enough.-Set aside 12 whole cherries for decoration and chop the rest for the filling.-Double the buttercream icing recipe to ice the layers, top & sides of the cake, and also reserve about 1c. of icing to use as rosettes later. (If you don't have an icing pipe, simply put icing in a plastic baggie and snip one of the corners. Press the icing out.) Press out 12 icing rosettes and use them as a base on which to put the 12 reserved whole bing cherries. It looks really pretty! Delicious cake! This was not a good cake. I baked it fo the minimum time and the cake itself came out dry. The filling recipe had to have been wrong because after using 1/2 C butter and adding only 2C powdered sugar it was already crumbly. I had to add a ton of other liquid to get it to the correct consistency. The frosting recipe also appeared to be wrong because there was no sugar in it. I ended up scraping it off and just using Cool Whip so that I had something to take to my party. Then when we cut into the cake the cherries spurted out the sides and made a mess. Will definitely not make again. Way too much liquor in this, to make it work the second time I reduced the kirsch in the whipped cream to 1 tsp, soaked fresh chopped cherries (instead if canned) in kirsch overnight instead of adding it to the layers of cake, reduced sugar in filling to 1.5 cups, increased coffee to 2 tsp in filling, replaced shortening with butter in cake. Turned out great, so wanted to pass on what I did (I took a lot of time to read previous reviews). Recipe is not very detailed.1. Cake part - Used only 1 Cup of sugar in the cake part instead of 1 1/2 Cup.2. Cutting cake into layers - Chilled cake a bit before cutting. Used paring knife to mark and cut easily with large serrated knive. Both cakes rose somewhat into a dome so cut "top" off of  one of the cakes for inside layer.3. Kirschwaser - Only sprinkled about a Tablespoon of Kirschwaser on the first three layers. Put bottom layer on your cake plate, then sprinkle 1 T of Kirschwaser, then filling frosting, then move to next layers. 4. Filling - I made buttercream frosting with 16 oz confectioners sugar, 1/2 C butter, 4 Tablespoons of strong coffee and 1 teaspoon of marashino cherry juice.5. Cherries - I used one 21 ounce can of premium cherry topping. I marinated the garnishing cherries (for top) in the kirschwaser overnight - yum!  6. Filling continued - after frosting bottom layer of cake with buttercream frosting, spread 1/3 of remaining cherry topping. I cut whole cherries at least in half.  Then put next layer on, 1 T kirschwasser, frosting, more cherries, repeat.7. Whipping cream top and sides - add your Kirschwasser and vanilla early in the whipping of the cream. I also added about 2 teaspoons of sugar. So good!8. Garnishing tip - make sure you blot your cherries on top so that they don't mess up your pretty white frosting!Rave reviews from my guests and fa Very nice but next time I would use whipping cream in all the layers not the butter cream. Made exactly as recipe indicated and everyone loved it.  A few assembly tips--be sure to let Kirsch soak in and dry a bit before you frost with buttercream or it will tear the cake a bit. It wasn't dry at all!I actually made it into a cupcake. ( This is the third time I've made this. It's very, very good. I didn't change anything. Made this for my daughters birthday (same cake every year, she is now 24) and everyone loved it! YUM...wonderful!
