Ukrainian Red Borscht Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/84450/ukrainian-red-borscht-soup/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Crumble sausage into a skillet set over medium-high heat. Cook and stir until no longer pink. Remove from the heat and set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Fill a large pot halfway with water (about 8 cups) and bring to a boil. Add sausage to pot, cover pot, and return to a boil. Add beets and simmer for 10 minutes. Add carrots and potatoes and continue to cook until potatoes are tender, about 10 minutes more. Stir in cabbage and tomatoes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add onion and cook until tender. Stir in tomato paste and remaining 3/4 cup water until well blended; transfer to the pot. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add garlic to the soup, cover, and turn off the heat. Let stand 5 minutes. Stir in sugar and season with salt and pepper. otdash Meredith Food Studio Ladle into serving bowls. Garnish with sour cream and dill. Enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
I have used this recipe twice- excellent. Read carefully, I have been to 23 countries. This is how I modified: No meat-to greasy. No garlic- not needed. No sugar- use aged vinegar, nice and sweet. I also added one cube chicken bullion and one can of chicken stock, no fat. Also HALF the tomato paste. FRESH dill- lots. Cooked onions in grape seed oil, high burn rate. If you follow what I suggest, you will achieve culinary greatness and Ukrainian authenticity.  I tried this recipe for the first time a year ago and it turned out amazing! Great flavour, not super hard to make and my hubby loves it I would give it a 5 but I didn’t have tomato paste. No other changes. It has great flavor! It makes a BIG pot! A dollop of sour cream changes the flavor completely. Delicious! Like the recipe says, gather all of your ingredients first. This was delicious! Even my Dad said he would eat it if we made it again. This took me three and a half hours to make, and that does NOT include cleanup. That may be due to me having made two pots of it, but peeling and shredding 9 more vegetables shouldn't add two hours, right? I even had some help, the garlic was peeled and others fetched the vegetables. The potatoes took 20 minutes to become tender. I left out the sugar and added some other spices to make it more interesting. I used beef burger instead of pork sausage (which I imagine to be in a casing) Did not add sugar. I made this. Not a heavy beet flavor which is appreciated by my husband. Just a good, hearty soup which is great for cold nights. Highly recommend! I am Ukrainian and have been making a special meatless borshch for years as my mother and grandmother taught me. Firstly, the soup is called борщ BORSHCH in Ukrainian. Secondly, we use celery and parsley root for extra flavour. No sugar. The soup is allowed to steep for several hours before reheating and serving. And tomatoes? Never. Recipe was good and the video was helpful EXCEPT for the captioning.  I could not find a six POUND can of tomato paste! This was different from the borscht I usually make; and it was pretty good. I liked the addition of the sausage (I usually just use plain venison). I thought that it could've used at least some broth in place of the water for a bit more richness; and I really missed the tang you get from adding vinegar like a lot of other borscht recipes do. However, this was still quite tasty, and a really nice change-up from the usual. Thank you for sharing your recipe!
