One Pot Tortellini Bake
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8468509/one-pot-tortellini-bake/
Heat a Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add ground beef and cook until brown and crumbly, 5 to 10 minutes. Add Italian seasoning, salt, and granulated garlic; mix to combine. Stir in marinara sauce, diced tomatoes with liquid, water, and red wine until well combined. Reduce heat to low; add tortellini and cook until warmed through, about 10 to 15 minutes. Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Add cream cheese to tortellini mixture and stir gently to blend; sprinkle mozzarella cheese over the surface. Bake in the preheated oven until cheese is melted and golden brown, about 15 minutes. Serve immediately.
I made this in a cast iron Dutch oven. I drained the grease off of the ground beef and sautéed fresh garlic instead of granulated. I used two pint jars (32oz total) of homemade cherry tomato sauce. Served it with a side salad, garlic bread would be great with it as well. This recipe is an excellent starting point and easily customizable. The next time I make it, I’ll incorporate chopped onions and bell peppers. Everyone got seconds and my husband ate it for breakfast this morning. It was good but, mine was a bit soupy.  I’d like to try it again with less liquid. Yummy I made it as written the first time I made this recipe it was very good. Next time I used sweet Italian sausage in lieu of ground beef, fresh garlic, onion, crushed red pepper, ricotta (mixed with salt. pepper, an egg and fresh parsley) instead of cream cheese, plus added a little parmesan on the top. Excellent base recipe, just added some personal touches to accommodate my taste. This was wonderful. Its almost like a tortellini lasagna. I made this in a cast iron Dutch oven. I drained the grease off of the ground beef and sautéed fresh garlic instead of granulated. I used two pint jars (32oz total) of homemade cherry tomato sauce. Served it with a side salad, garlic bread would be great with it as well. This recipe is an excellent starting point and easily customizable. The next time I make it, I’ll incorporate chopped onions and bell peppers. Everyone got seconds and my husband ate it for breakfast this morning.
