One-Pan Tomato & Spinach Chicken Pasta
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8469279/one-pan-tomato-spinach-chicken-pasta/
Season the chicken as desired. Heat the oil in a 12-inch skillet over medium-high heat. Add the chicken and cook until well browned, stirring often. Remove the chicken from the skillet. Add the onion to the skillet and cook until tender-crisp, stirring occasionally. Add the wine and heat to a boil, stirring to scrape up any browned bits from the bottom of the skillet. Stir in the tomatoes, Swanson Chicken Broth, penne, and water; heat to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium. Cook for 10 minutes or until the penne is tender, stirring occasionally. Return the chicken to the skillet. Cook for 2 minutes or until the chicken is cooked through. Stir in the spinach and cook for 1 minute or until the spinach is wilted.
New to cooking so I whish they said what to season the chicken with so I just guessed ..plus I Had to add more broth to help the pasta cook but it was really good. When the wife and kids get home that will be the real test haha Really easy and tasty dish.  I love that it had spinach but not all the cream that usually goes with this type of dish.  Next time I may add crushed red peppers but other than that, wouldn't change a thing. No changes I doubled the recipe for More Chicken and a box of Pasta. I also used the gluten Free Pasta (Barilla), omitted the onion (because I am allergic).  I used Vegetable Broth instead of chicken broth because that is what I had, and it was excellent.  Noone missed the onion, and nobody realized it was gluten free. Added more spices, marinated chicken, could use more veggies this more tomatoes and broth but we did like it!! There’really nothing significant that I would vary.  I do tend to put crushed garlic and cracked pepper in just about everything and frequently red pepper flakes .    I like that you do not suggest adding salt.  Almost everyone does most of the time.  And then your family and guests add more salt at the table anyway. Very good! Next time I will use some extra spices. I only had plain diced canned tomatoes on hand so I added fresh garlic & 1 tsp each basil & oregano which just wasn’t enough for my taste. Made it with tricolore farfalle, vegetable broth and a little bit of grated cheese.  The missus loved it. Loved it. Just didn’t care for the broth in the recipe. Everything else tasted Great 🥰 This recipe is a win. Easy enough for a weeknight dinner. Things I added: 1 orange bell pepper, 5 cloves minced garlic, I seasoned the chicken with salt pepper, and Italian seasoning. I also added additional basil, oregano and red pepper flakes. This was plenty flavorful!
