Creamy Tortellini Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8472753/creamy-tortellini-soup/
Melt butter in a Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add onion cook until soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Sprinkle flour over onion-garlic mixture. Stir to combine, until flour is incorporated. Slowly pour in chicken broth, stirring to combine. Add broccoli, carrot, and tortellini. Season with salt, pepper, paprika, and turmeric. Stir to combine and reduce heat to medium. Cover and simmer until broccoli is tender and tortellini are cooked through, about 15 minutes. Stir in cream and cheese until melted. Serve immediately.
I made this as instructed. I did see a review from someone who doubles the broth and cream. Did that as well. Delicious, and family approved. I served it with a salad. This tasted amazing. So comforting. Loved the addition of garlic Just googled for a tortellini soup recipe.  And this is what I wanted, a creamy one.  I made adjustments to the recipe, ie used vegetable broth instead of chicken broth. And increased the amount of water due to the size of batch I had and how much ingredients I had.  I also added some smaller dice potatoes. And I added more black pepper, salt, paprika, and tumeric. In addition to that, I also added a very small amt of thyme! And flavour profile was amazing! Thank-you for the recipe. Had with 1/2 a grilled cheese sandwich. Only change I added roasted chicken this was great I made this as instructed.  I did see a review from someone who doubles the broth and cream.   Did that as well.  Delicious, and family approved.  I served it with a salad. Very good and easy. Husband liked it alot and he didn't think he would. I skipped the turmeric and used twice the broth quantity, twice the cream. I like plenty of liquid. Also added 5 strips of bacon bits. I used the tricolor tortellini to match the carrots and broccoli colors.  Will make again. Very easy to make, tasty and healthy.I did add some fresh spinach and no salt seasoning along with smoky paprika and turmeric and black pepper,  yummy We really liked this! Very tasty.
