Pumpkin Raisin Scones
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/84734/pumpkin-raisin-scones/
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Lightly grease 2 baking sheets. In a large bowl, stir together all-purpose and whole wheat flours, baking powder, and baking soda. Mix in ginger, allspice, cinnamon, cloves, and salt. Set aside. In a separate large bowl, cream butter until fluffy. Mix in applesauce, then slowly stir in 2 1/4 cups sugar until well blended. Mix in the eggs and pumpkin. Gradually mix the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients. Then stir in pecans and raisins. Drop by heaping tablespoonfuls onto cookie sheets, leaving 2 inches between scones. Flatten scones with the back of the spoon. In a small bowl, stir together 3 tablespoons of sugar and cinnamon, and sprinkle on top of scones. Bake in a preheated oven until golden brown, about 12 to 14 minutes. Remove, and let cool on cookie sheets 5 minutes before removing to wire racks to cool.
I'm giving this recipe 4 stars because of the fabulous flavour. However, the method was a little off for me. I've never personally used a scone recipe where you cream the butter and sugar. I could see it working for a drop scone, but if you want triangle scones like the picture I suggest using this method.1.Mix the flours, b.p, b.s, spices, salt and sugar (I used brown sugar instead of white and decreased it to one cup) in your bowl. 2. Cut in cold butter, (I omitted the applesauce and increased the butter to 1/2 cup)similar to a pie dough method, but leave chunks of butter a bit larger.3. Mix in the raisins and pecans (I used one cup of each).4. Whisk together the eggs and pumpkin, then mix into the dry ingredients. If you overmix it, it might get a little sticky, but just flour your board a little when rolling the dough into a flat round (about the size of a side plate) and it'll be fine.5. Cut into 8 wedges, brush with water, then sprinkle with brown sugar.I work in a cafeteria and my customers go nuts over these! Hope you will too! I have to say I was not happy with this recipe it was more like cake then a scone. it made a lot and no one really ate them. I followed the recipe as is. the flavor was not terrible just not what I was expecting. Sometimes we get hung up on definitions.  The important things about this receipt are that it tastes good and is straight forward to make.  Thank you for sharing, I will make this again. They are really good, but definitely are more like muffins than scones so if you're wanting/hoping for that this might not be the recipe for you.  They are worth taking the time to make, though!  Delicious! Really tasty!  Be sure that you know both the pan and the oven that you are going to use, and adjust the baking time accordingly.  I do not like dry scones, so tend to underbake, and they come out fine. The kids really liked these...they made very convenient after-school snacks. Baked these scones without raisens for breakfast this morning.  My wife and I loved them. They are soft and chewy with a mild spicy sweet taste similar to our favorite pumpkin cookies.  I used a large spoon that made 12 large scones each about 3 inches in diameter. I left out the raisens because my wife dosen't like them. This recipe is awesome! And I don't feel totally guilty eating these! Very nice taste and super easy to make. I did not give this a 5 star rating because I really really really didn't want anything Cakey. I specifically wanted to make scones.  If I knew it was going to be this way I would have saved myself quite a bit of time and put the batter in some muffin pans. This recipe as is would make a very tender and tasteful pumpkin muffin that I would easily rate as 5 stars.  However this is NOT the consistency of scones :-( Really disappointed...  they resemble large spongey cookies :-( I did not care for this recipe... they did not turn out like scones.  They were more like very dry muffins.
