Smokin' Scovilles Turkey Chili
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/84760/smokin-scovilles-turkey-chili/
Heat olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add bell peppers, onion, garlic, and habanero pepper; cook and stir until onion translucent. Push bell pepper mixture to one side of pan; crumble in ground turkey. Cover and cook until turkey no longer pink, about 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Season with hot cocoa mix, chili powder, paprika, cumin, red pepper flakes, oregano, black pepper, and seasoned salt. Stir in diced tomatoes with green chiles, kidney beans, tomato sauce, Worcestershire sauce, and liquid smoke. Add beer; partially cover pan, and simmer over medium heat for about 50 minutes, stirring occasionally. Stir in corn and hot pepper sauce; simmer about 10 minutes more. Remove from heat; cool for a few minutes before serving.
Fantastic recipe! The hot chocolate is the secret ingredient here; it flattens the heat curve, allowing the full flavour of the chili to present itself before the heat comes on in a satisfying finish. I made only a couple of changes to the recipe; being a red meat kind of guy, I used 1 lb of lean ground beef and 1 lb of ground moose, and added about a cup of pinto beans. The only other modification was using one red bell pepper and one green pepper. The finished product was absolutely stellar, and wound up easily winning first place at the company chili cook-off; it was the first pot to empty and people coming for thirds were disappointed to see it gone. This recipe is a definite keeper. To anyone considering deleting the hot chocolate or subbing pure cocoa: if you do, consider trying with the hot chocolate as well. The effect of the cocoa and the sugar on the heat of the habaneros and hot sauce is pure magic. Not sure what "Man food" is, but my wife and I both like this recipe.  We prefer a little more heat, but usually just keep a jar of hot sauce on the table when eating so we can adjust however we want. I added 2.5 habaneros, chipotle powder, substituted chicken stock for beer, omitted corn and added chili beans. So good, love the play with the spices and hot chocolate powder. Served with butter honey cornbread 😊. I love chili, and have tried lots of recipes and this is my favorite. You don’t have to use turkey (although it is great with turkey) - as a matter fact, my favorite protein with this recipe is lean (90/10) ground bison. I usually halve the recipe but use whole can of beans (black beans are also very good if you want to change things up). After the first time I no longer put the bell peppers or corn in it. I didn’t think it needed the peppers and I didn’t care for the corn- it made it too starchy in my opinion and it’s so good without it.We like spicy chili, so I use a whole habanero as well as the full-recipe amount of red pepper flakes and full packet of hot cocoa mix for the half batch. Once I tried it with a whole ghost pepper, and it was a little too hot - even for me.  Obviously, you have to gauge it based on who you are cooking for - when we have company I tone it way down.In summary, this is a great recipe which lens itself to “tinkering” based on your personal taste and preferences. Also, using a 4 quart dutch oven is perfect for a half batch! This is pretty much the only chili I ever make anymore & almost have the ingredients memorized. There's always at least a quart ball jar of this in my fridge for an easy meal without having to cook. SO much better than any beef chili without all that beef fat. I add an extra couple roma tomatoes, hominy, and cilantro. If I don't feel like sharing with my roommate then I keep the spice as-is. If it's for sharing then I cut back the habanero in half or completely. Goes great over some rice, egg noodles, or pasta to spread out the servings. I love this stuff. One of my overall favorite recipes. Nice balance between hot spicy, sweetness, and a variety of other tastes and textures.  Perfect to bring into work when brown bagging it. Second time we have made this and it is some of the best chili we have had. First time I followed the recipe exactly and loved it. 2nd time, rather than keep cooked veggies to the side, I dumped them in a bowl to make sure they didn’t overcook. I like spicy and typically have to add additional hot sauce and spices but not with this one! never fails! love this chili I have made this recipe for years! It is always a hit. The recipe actually won a chili cook-off at work. I don't use the liquid smoke because I have never had it on hand. It is great without. Definitely a five-star recipe. Not hot but has enough flavor do you like cioppino
