Eggplant Rollatini
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/84774/eggplant-rollatini/
Dip eggplant slices in egg, then coat with bread crumbs. Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Fry eggplant slices on each side until golden brown. Remove to a paper towel lined plate to drain. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spread a thin layer of ricotta cheese onto each slice of eggplant. Place a slice of prosciutto onto each one. Roll up tightly, and place seam-side down in a 9x13-inch baking dish. Pour tomato pasta sauce over eggplant rolls, and top with shredded mozzarella cheese. Bake for 15 minutes in the preheated oven, until the cheese is melted and lightly browned. While the eggplant rolls are baking, bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add the angel hair pasta, and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, until tender. Drain. Serve eggplant rolls and sauce over pasta. rance 
I didn't find this fast or easy as others said . I sweated the eggplant first . I also added roasted garlic and spinach to the ricotta mixture. It was fantastic.This is a great recipe that has alot of room to add and play with. I added a little bit of garlic, dried basil, shredded mozzarella and Parmesan in the ricotta mixture.This was my first attempt at eggplant anything…… I will definitely be making this again.Thank you for the recipe! Super easy! Added ground sausage and paired with roasted garlic herbed sourdough 😍 Delicious! A little time-consuming, but worth it. I loved the addition of the prosciutto. Make sure you aren't slicing your eggplant thicker than 1/4", as this really is the deal breaker here. I suggest cooking the slices over MEDIUM heat, not medium-high, in order to get them cooked through and soft, without burning. The only issue I had was the amount of sauce called for. 14 oz is barely enough to cover the rolls, so I used a full 24 oz jar. It covered the rolls nicely, but was nowhere near enough to cover ANY of the pasta. I suggest heating up a separate jar of sauce to serve over the pasta. Also 1 egg isn't enough;  I used 2 and had to really stretch it.  I also used more than 1 cup of bread crumbs. Get a large eggplant and there will be enough eggplant to cut 10 slices. Very good and easy to make. Used Greek yogurt as didn't have the ricotta cheese. Cut the eggplant thinner but still easy to roll. Took 25 minutes to cook in the oven. I made it with items on hand.  I stuffed them with prosciutto, a sprinkle of parmesan, a basil leaf and brick cheese.  Brick is a melty cheese that, in Detroit, we use on Detroit style pizza.  It was yummy.  Thanks Nichol I watch every one of your YouTube videos! Made this tonight and it came out really good!  The only changes I made were to add garlic powder, Italian seasoning and Parmesan cheese to both the breadcrumbs and the ricotta cheese.  Also sliced the block of mozzarella instead of shredding it for a slightly thicker melted cheese on top.  I did not use prosciutto, just the ricotta mix. delious
