Halloween Spiderweb Layered Dip
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8493919/halloween-spiderweb-layered-dip/
Spread guacamole in the bottom of a round serving dish in an even layer. Mix 1 cup of the sour cream with the taco seasoning in a bowl. Spread the seasoned sour cream mixture evenly over the guacamole layer. Sprinkle cheese on top of the sour cream, then pour salsa evenly over the cheese, covering ot completely. Pour refried beans into a microwave-safe container and warm until softened (this will make it easier to spread). Spread over the top of the salsa layer, leaving about 1 inch of the salsa showing around the edge of the dish. Place the remaining 1/2 cup of sour cream into a piping bag, or a plastic bag with the corner snipped off. Pipe a spiderweb pattern on top of the bean layer. Add a spider to the top by cutting the large black olive in half lengthwise to make the spider's body. Cut four of the sliced olives in half to create eight legs. Arrange the pieces on top of the web. Arrange the remaining sliced black olives and the chopped green onions around the edge of the dip.
Such a crowd pleaser for Halloween! This layered dip is great for football weekends and taco toppings, too! Everyone loved this at the party. I messed up the order of the layers but it turned out cute anyway. I made this for an office Halloween party and won first prize for most "Halloweeny" dish. And everyone loved it. I'm definitely making this again. This dip was so well received at a party I took it to.  The flavors melded well and it was balanced with texture and flavor.  I love that you can make this mild or spicy depending on your taste preferences or the crowd you are serving it to.  This will be a regular on appetizer night. What a fun and easy recipe for Halloween! I already had a jar of halved kalamata olives so I roughly chopped those for the border, and then sliced two halves into 4 pieces each longways for the spider legs. I cut too big of a hole in my sour cream bag so next time I would cut it smaller for thinner lines, and I'd try to find a thicker sour cream since mine ended up running out into the black bean layer a bit. I would also choose a larger container since I almost ran out of room in my 7-1/4 inch pyrex, but luckily the lid still snaps on to keep it fresh between snacking! But overall a total star of a dip that wowed my family, yum!
