TikTok Parmesan-Crusted Roasted Potatoes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8494902/tiktok-parmesan-crusted-roasted-potatoes/
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Place butter in a 9 x 13-inch baking dish or nonstick baking pan and place in the oven until the butter melts, about 4 minutes. While the butter melts, score potatoes about 1/4-inch-deep in a diamond pattern (crosshatch). Set aside. Remove the pan from the oven and let cool slightly, about 2 minutes. Stir Parmesan cheese, garlic and herb seasoning, and salt into butter to form a paste. Spread about 1 teaspoon of the Parmesan paste on the cut-side of each potato; arrange, cut-side down, in the pan. Place in the preheated oven. Bake until the potatoes are tender and the Parmesan creates a golden crust on the bottom of the potatoes, about 25 minutes. Let stand 5 minutes before using a spatula to release potatoes from pan.
These are great, but if you parboil the potatoes first, you get the golden, crispy, cheesy outside, with a creamy inside. Elevates them to a five star, plus, IMO! Plus, they will cook completely, without burning the parmesan coating. This a great and easy recipe to make. My husband loved these potatoes. I also did not score or cover each potato in parm paste. Just cut and pressed into the paste on bottom of pan. I wonder how well these would freeze? Any insight? It was a simple recipe to follow, and tasted well. Only thing I would change next time is adding more garlic. so easy and quick.  even to reheat Excellent as it. The 2nd time I made this, I did not cross hatch the potatoes and I put the paste in the bottom of my pan. Then set the potatoes on top and bake as directed. There was no difference in taste or texture, but it was much easier. Easy to make. Hard-to-please husband not only raved about the potatoes, but also their aftertaste. This will be included in our regular rotation.I don't know what "garlic and herb seasoning" is, so I used Pensey's Adobo Seasoning, which contains garlic and other herbs, in the same quantity.
