Chicken Cordon Bleu
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8495/chicken-cordon-bleu-i/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Coat a 7x11-inch baking dish with nonstick cooking spray. Pound chicken breasts to 1/4 inch thickness. otdash Meredith Food Studio Sprinkle each piece of chicken on both sides with salt and pepper. Place 1 Swiss cheese slice and 1 ham slice on top of each breast. otdash Meredith Food Studio Roll up each breast and secure with toothpicks. otdash Meredith Food Studio otdash Meredith Food Studio Place in the prepared baking dish and sprinkle chicken evenly with bread crumbs. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until chicken is no longer pink, 30 to 35 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove from the oven, and place 1/2 Swiss cheese slice on top of each breast. otdash Meredith Food Studio Return to the oven until cheese has melted, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove toothpicks and serve immediately. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
I read the reviews and took the suggestion of some others. First of all, I dipped the chicken in egg wash, then laid the slices of ham and cheese on top. I got a plate and sprinkled breadcrumbs and placed the chicken on it and rolled it from there. I also added a pat of butter on top of each. It came out beautifully and you must use the sauce (which is 1 can of cream of chicken soup, 1/2 cup of sour cream and 1 tbsp of lemon juice). I put a bed of white rice on the plates, put the chicken cordon blue on top of the rice covered with the cream sauce. A good side dish is buttered rolls, mmm-mhmm! All I can say was that it was such a beautiful presentation and absolutely heavenly! I made it with Coastal cheese and Boars head ham.  Turned out wonderful.  It is very easy to put together.  Had small dinner gathering and everyone loved it,  Would make it again I’m not a big cook but lately I’ve been trying different recipes from allrecipes.com.  I made this per instructions but also added the sauce which made it even tastier.  I added mushrooms to the sauce.  My family loved this and wants it again.  It was delicious served with asparagus and chicken flavored rice for sides. I'm a lazy cook so I take shortcuts when I can. I bought thin chicken breasts which ended up being a bit to thick but still better than making a mess of pounding them myself. The ham I used was actually too thick so rolling the chicken into a cute little roll made a big mess. Whatever. I also used provolone because I don't like swiss. I baked them in the toaster oven because  heating up the house with the big oven when it's 117° outside is stupid. Bottom line is that despite the fact that these ended up looking weird due to my lack of skill, the flavor was just wonderful even without a sauce. I definitely will make these again and try to make them look a little better. It was good.... This is a great, non-intimidating recipe. I particularly appreciated the video on the "toothpicking" - for some reason I kept thinking I had to insert the toothpicks neatly, and just at the very edge of the rolled food, instead of simply skewering them. My two changes were omitting the swiss on top after baking and mixing the breadcrumbs with a couple of tablespoons of melted butter prior to applying. Excellent dish that lends itself to a myriad of sauces, too. Oh, and I was glad to read that someone else used thighs instead of breasts.
