Apple Fritter Pancakes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8496144/apple-fritter-pancakes/
Gather the ingredients. LLRECIPES/VICTORIA JEMPT Combine egg, sugar, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, kosher salt, and vanilla extract in a bowl. Whisk until well combined and lightly foamy. Add shredded apple and lemon juice and fold in with a spatula until well combined. Add flour, baking powder, and baking soda. Mix until flour disappears and batter is thick yet spoonable. LLRECIPES/VICTORIA JEMPT Melt butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add tablespoonfuls of apple batter to the hot butter and cook until browned, about 3 minutes. Turn and cook until apple pancakes spring back to the touch and are browned on the other side, an additional 3 minutes. LLRECIPES/VICTORIA JEMPT Serve and enjoy! LLRECIPES/VICTORIA JEMPT
Made the most perfect waffles. My family enjoyed these.  I like that we got a little fiber with our special weekend breakfast. These will definitely be included in our rotation, especially during apple season! Delicious and easy to make. These pancakes were ok, but they didn't taste anything, nor did they have a texture resembling apple fritters.  I doubt if I would make them again, I prefer other recipes on this website. I've been using this recipe for a while now, and I make it exactly as written, except that I usually have to double the recipe for my family size. These fritter pancakes are simply amazing. The first time I made them I thought it was going to be more work than it was worth due to needing to shred apples, but apples shred up so quickly that it's not an issue. This was great!  I used yellow delicious apples and used a little less sugar.  I will definitely make this again! These are great!  Didn't change anything. Makes 4.  Soooo good with a tablespoon of brown sugar cinnamon butter. Superb! Excellent recipe.I have found that incorporating Orange zest, Lime zest, or Lavender provides an interesting flavor combination. I also add a pinch of cayenne. I prefer to use a cold apple from the fridge to make it easier to shred. I would mix the flour, baking powder, and baking soda in a separate bowl to evenly mix them into the batter.
