Ghost Cheesecake Brownies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8499356/ghost-cheesecake-brownies/
Gather all ingredients. Grease an 8x8 baking dish and line with parchment paper. LLRECIPES / PREETHI VENKATRA Place chopped chocolate into a heatproof bowl. Melt butter in a sauce pan over medium heat and pour over chocolate. Let sit for 5 minutes until chocolate starts to melt. Mix well until chocolate has completely melted. LLRECIPES / PREETHI VENKATRA Combine eggs and sugar in a bowl and mix with an electric mixer on high speed until light and pale yellow in color. Add vanilla extract and salt. Continue mixing on high for 1 minute. Transfer in chocolate-butter mixture and mix until well combined for 30 seconds. Fold in flour with a spatula until flour has disappeared. Set aside 2 teaspoons of brownie batter. Transfer remaining batter into the baking dish and distribute evenly. Smooth out the top with a spatula. LLRECIPES / PREETHI VENKATRA For the cheesecake ghosts combine softened cream cheese, sugar, egg white, and vanilla extract in a bowl. Whisk until mixture is well combined. LLRECIPES / PREETHI VENKATRA Set 9 tablespoons of cheesecake dollops onto the brownie batter in an even pattern. Spread out dollops into ghost-like shapes with a spoon and a bamboo skewer. LLRECIPES / PREETHI VENKATRA Transfer reserved brownie batter into a small plastic bag, snip off one corner, and pipe 2 eyes and a mouth onto each cheesecake ghost. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). LLRECIPES / PREETHI VENKATRA Bake brownies in the center of the oven until edges are lightly golden brown and the center is just set, 35 to 40 minutes. Because these are very fudgy, chewy style brownies, a toothpick will not come out clean, so that's not a reliable test for this recipe. LLRECIPES / PREETHI VENKATRA Allow brownies to cool completely in the pan before transferring them to a plate and cutting them into squares. LLRECIPES / PREETHI VENKATRA Serve and enjoy. LLRECIPES / PREETHI VENKATRA
Ok, I cheated and used a brownie mix. The ghosts weren't hard to do, I used a butter knife and a toothpick to shape them. No mouths, just eyes. My ghost scare a little big, but the grandkids will love them! Ok, I cheated and used a brownie mix. The ghosts weren't hard to do, I used a butter knife and a toothpick to shape them. No mouths, just eyes. My ghost scare a little big, but the grandkids will love them! Not sure if I read the directions correctly for the cream cheese, but it came out VERY watery. It says 1/2 (8 oz) package, so is that half of an 8 oz package or 8 oz? Not very clear but it didn’t come out right if it’s half of an 8 oz. Plus just use a Betty brownie mix, it’s so much easier. Turned out well!  Very easy to do despite looking complicated with the piping and whatnot.  One point:  the recipe calls for "dark chocolate" whereas Chef John specifically says "unsweetened" in the video. This may lead some cooks to believe they can use dark chocolate chips or bars, which you don't want here.  AllRecipes should fix this to avoid any confusion. Spooky and delicious! The kids loved this treat and it was surprisingly easy to shape the ghosts. The overall flavor was really nice as well. I wasn't sure what to expect with cheesecake and brownies but it was really good. Thanks, Chef John! The easiest and tastiest way to impress your friends on halloween!Might have to adjust the pattern for the holiday dessert 😉PS. You can use the leftover dough for a very bad microwave cake. Ice cream recommended. Easy and really tasty! Really tasty! The ghosts are a little tricky but came out cute. My oven needed about 5 minutes more to be baked. Really easy to make. I set the ingredients out while originally watching the video. Made today for my Ravens game tonight. I didn’t want ghosts for the football game, so I spread the cheesecake mixer all over the top.
