Best Chicken Salad
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8499/basic-chicken-salad/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place almonds in a frying pan. Toast over medium-high heat, shaking frequently. Watch carefully, as they burn easily. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix together mayonnaise, lemon juice, and pepper in a medium bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio otdash Meredith Food Studio Toss with chicken, toasted almonds, and celery. otdash Meredith Food Studio otdash Meredith Food Studio Enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
Good basic. I added fresh pepper, garlic powder, onion powder, a little dijon, and crushed pecans instead of almonds for a richer chicken salad. I love this recipe. It's quick and easy. On one occasion I was out of celery and racked my brain for what to do. I dumped one cup of dried cranberries in the mix and the chicken salad with cranberries and almonds was great even sans celery. This was the perfect basic recipe. My family absolutely loved it. I did add some onion and garlic powder as some of the other comments suggested and it was perfect! This is a fantastic and an easy recipe . I use a rotisserie chicken. I add a few shakes of garlic salt and 1/4 cup of onions to it. I also add about 1 tablespoon of green onions. I don’t add the almonds to it. It comes out soooo good. I omitted the almonds. I added 1/8 tsp garlic and 2 tbl chopped green onion. Fabulous! I am very picky about chicken salad. Not a fan of relish and only like grapes in curry chicken salad, so I gave this recipe a try since I had leftover rotisserie chicken and all of the ingredients in hand. I did season the leftover chicken with dry basil and added garlic and onion powder and a little spicy Dijon mustard, as other reviewers suggested. I also added about a third of a yellow onion, finely diced. It was great! Served it on a bed of romaine lettuce leaves. Definitely a keeper! I may try other enhancements, but plan to make it a lot during the hot summer months! Thank you! Great recipe! To make it a little more flavorful, I added a few dashes of tabasco sauce and 2 tablespoons of finely chopped red onion. I also added some salt to enhance the flavor. It turned out pretty great! You can also add some buffalo sauce to turn it into buffalo chicken salad. Yum. I love to eat it with wheat bun or wrap it in lettuce ;) I made this tonight and it was pretty good. Made a few changes. I used leftover lemon pepper rotisserie chicken from walmart. Not quite a full tbsp of lemon juice because it was already lemony. No almonds but I did put in cut up pieces of half an avocado. Served on fresh baked rolls. I've made this dozens of times except I use half mayo and half sour cream... so much better! I use a little finely chopped green onion, and garlic to taste. Be sure to toast the almonds first so they don't get soggy. Everyone loves this recipe. Great basic recipe! I cut boneless skinless chicken breasts into bite sized pieces, seasoned with salt, pepper, garlic powder and onion powder, and then baked at 400 for 30 minutes. I also added some spicy mustard, grapes, and red onion to the mix. Thanks Jackie! This was really great- though I did make a few modifications! I marinated the cooked chicken in the lemon juice in the fridge for about an hour. I shorted the Mayo by about 1/8 of a cup and added about 1/8 cup of ranch dressing. I added about 2-3 Tablespoons of chopped onion cause we like onion. It sat overnight in the fridge, and I topped it with chopped pecans before serving WOW!! I'm allergic to celery and have no teeth, so the almonds are also a problem. Video suggests after dicing the chicken, to shred a few of the larger pieces.  What a difference this simple little technique makes. This is our defenite go-to, easy chicken salad. We make it with a can of Kirkland’s (Costco brand) canned white meat chicken when we want a quick lunch or to keep something in the fridge besides frozen burritos for snacks. Always hits the spot on sandwiches, in a salad, or as a dip with chips or crackers. Needs cherrie, ,cranberries, grapes added. The lemon and almonds kinda scared me, but this was surprisingly very good! I did make some changes...guilty! But, isn’t  that what cooking is…a little of this, and a little of that! My changes… added garlic powder, celery salt, minced onion (maybe 1/4 cup, but then added onion powder to compensate. Next time I’ll add more onion and cut them a little larger since I missed the crunch), almost tripled the lemon, added tarragon, and halved the mayo subbing sour cream for the other half. Hubby liked and it should be even better today. A lot of tweaks, but good eating in the end! (It was the best twang! I wonder what vinegar would do?) This was so good. I plan on making this again. I made it per the recipe but I'm going to make it again using crushed pecans. This was easy and wonderful Followed the recipe exactly for my first time making this. I find it hard to find delicious yet practical recipes for one person. I halved the recipe and got enough for two generously filled wraps. I really loved the flavour of the toasted almonds. Will definitely make this again! Appreciated notes of others. Used the mayo sour cream dressing  and walnuts and grapes as that was what I had on hand.  Like the flexibility of this recipe.
