Chef John's Chicken Fricassee
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8506346/chef-johns-chicken-fricassee/
Season chicken thighs with salt on both sides. Heat vegetable oil in a skillet over medium-high heat and place chicken skin-side-down into the hot oil. Cook until there is a good sear and fat is rendered, about 5 minutes. Flip and cook the other side until seared as well, about 2 minutes. Set aside. Leave 2 tablespoons of the rendered fat in the pan and add sliced mushrooms. Cook until browned, 5 to 8 minutes. Add onion, shallots, and garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, until onions are soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Season with pepper and cayenne and stir in flour to thicken the mixture, about 1 minute. Pour in white wine and cook, stirring, until alcohol has evaporated. Raise the heat to high and keep cooking until sauce has reduced to half, 3 to 5 minutes. Add chicken broth, thyme, and bay leaf and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to medium-lo and add chicken and any accumulated juices back into the skillet, skin side up. Cover and simmer gently for 45 minutes, turning over thighs halfway through. Remove lid and turn thighs back to skin side up. Continue to simmer uncovered, basting occasionally, until chicken is tender and sauce reduces even more. If the pan gets dry before the chicken is tender, add some more water or broth. Add cream and simmer until sauce reaches desired thickness. Heat can be raised to medium to reduce cream faster if chicken is already tender. Sauce can be served thin and runny, or reduced to a thick sauce. Sprinkle with fresh thyme and serve.
I made this dish last night. Words alone cannot describe how amazing and flavorful this recipe is. I made no mods. This was the first time I watched one of chefs cooking videos and frankly, I don't know how I managed any of his recipes in the past. I tend to rush my cooking and I'm sure I would have never had that good sear if not for his patient videos. I cannot wait for the left overs tonight. Easy and delicious! Used evaporated milk instead of cream, served over mashed potatoes. Will be experimenting to make this in the instant pot. Love Chef John's recipes and commentary! This is a delicious stewed chicken dish, perfect for a cold winter night. I made the recipe as written, however, ran out of chicken broth so I substituted with beef. The result was an extremely moist and tender piece of chicken with a flavorful mushroom sauce. I served over egg noodles with a spinach salad. I think I would add more head to the sauce by increasing the amount of cayenne. It was an easy dish that I will definitely be making again. The husband said the mushrooms were the star of the show. Thanks, Chef John! Killer sauce/great chicken I licked the plate in private where no one could see me. No changes made. 14 year old boy is inhaling it too. This was so easy and tasted like we were in a fancy restaurant! I followed the recipe exactly as written and once again Chef John didn't disappoint!  (*I did want to note that the ingredients list does not call for a bay leaf.  Thankfully, I had one when I got to step 5 and saw it called for one!) A family favorite and so easy Was very good. I didn't make any changes.  I served it over mash potatoes but would probably good with rice too This recipe was so tasty. Takes a while to make but worth the wait. I didn't change a thing!  It was perfect! I followed the recipe exactly and it was a bit of work, but totally worth it. It has a wonderful and savory flavor profile, balanced by the acidity from the wine. The fam loved this dish. Highly recommended and I will be making it again. Excellent as is! Thank you for this recipe!
