Homemade Pasta Roni
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8508776/homemade-pasta-roni/
Bring chicken broth in a saucepan to a boil over medium-high heat. Cook angel hair pasta in the boiling broth, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, 4 to 5 minutes. Drain pasta, reserving 1/4 cup of chicken broth. Melt butter in a saucepan over medium-low heat; add garlic and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Stir in Italian seasoning, reserved 1/4 cup chicken broth, and whipping cream. Add Parmesan cheese and stir until melted. Stir in angel hair pasta; toss to coat. Garnish with freshly minced parsley.
This a perfect recipe for a meal that is quick and easy to make... especially when we have had a 12-hour day! This is better than the box. De-lish! Break the pasta in half. I doubled the recipe and served 5. Had enough for tmrw's lunch for 2. Add milk when the noodles stick together or to rewarm. I messed it up a tiny bit so it is hard to know what it is supoose to be like.  Would have given full stars if I could tell which pasta roni flavor it suppose to be...not sure if it suppose to be angel hair with herbs flavor or the parmesan flavor... This is one of our new favorites!  We have all the ingredients on hand so it's easy to whip up.  I just had to cook my noodles a bit longer than 4-5 minutes for them to be done.  I also used whole milk instead of heavy cream because it's what I had available.  Turned out great!  I am going to double the recipe next time!  New favorite and my husband and toddler loved it too! I was a little skeptical about this recipe's ability to recreate the classic comfort food taste of Pasta Roni, but it was spot on! I found the sauce was a little soupy and would reduce the chicken broth added back in to 1/8 cup. Otherwise, this was a great college throwback! I loved everything about this. It was the perfect way to use up leftover pasta from the previous night’s dinner. Super kid- friendly and used ingredients I already had on hand. Delicious!  Quick and easy.  Quenches your cheesy, pasta craving  :) So delicious very nice racipe Really easy and really good. I doubled and maybe I’m a cheapskate but didn’t have the heart to “waste” all but 1/2c chicken broth. So I boiled in plain water and then added some chicken boullion granules to the reserved pasta water. In hindsight, maybe that’s what gives it more flavor? I also used real grated Parmesan which, while stirring frequently on medium heat, still clumped up but! As I said, really good and really simple/easy to make! Thanks thedailygourmet!
