Chicken Al Pastor
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8509102/chicken-al-pastor/
Heat a skillet over medium-high heat. Add dried chiles; cook, turning occasionally, until toasted and blistered in spots, 3 to 5 minutes. Add 1 cup water to just cover the chiles, and bring to a simmer over medium-high. Cover and cook, undisturbed, until softened, about 5 minutes. Drain well. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine chiles, achiote, garlic, chipotles, 2/3 cup onion, orange juice, vinegar, oil, cumin, brown sugar, and salt in a blender; process until smooth, about 30 seconds. Reserve 1/2 cup marinade, cover, and refrigerate until ready to use. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place remaining marinade in a shallow dish or large resealable plastic bag, add chicken; toss to evenly coat. Cover chicken with plastic wrap, and refrigerate at least 8 hours or up to 24 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place wooden skewers in a shallow dish; cover with water by 1 inch. Let stand at room temperature while chicken marinates. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Position oven rack 8 inches away from heating element. Line a small roasting pan or 13- x 9-inch baking dish with aluminum foil. Thread 1 pineapple slice onto 2 skewers, being sure to pierce through the center core, (skewers will be about 1 inch apart), leaving a 1 1/2-inch space from end of skewer. Thread 5 to 6 pieces of marinated chicken, stacking on top of pineapple; thread 1 pineapple slice. Repeat process, ending with pineapple slice, until all chicken pieces and pineapple slices are used, making 4 stacks total. Brush with any remaining marinade from chicken. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place stacked skewers in the prepared pan, resting skewer ends on edge of pan so that the chicken doesn't touch the bottom of the pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes. Flip skewers over, brush with reserved 1/2 cup marinade. Bake until chicken is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 30 minutes longer. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 160 degrees F (71 degrees C). Increase oven temperature to broil; broil until browned and crispy, 3 to 5 minutes. Flip, and broil until browned and crispy, 3 to 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Meanwhile, heat a large skillet over high heat. Working two at a time, add tortillas; cook, turning once, until heated and browning in some spots, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Repeat with remaining tortillas. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove chicken and pineapple from skewers, place on cutting board, roughly chop. otdash Meredith Food Studio Divide chicken and pineapple between heated tortillas; top with remaining onion and cilantro. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Great recipe. I chose to chop the chicken, marinate and then cook on a skillet. Will definitely make again. Thank you Melissa for the recipe. What else you have up your sleeve? This has become one of our families go to meals. It's good with chicken, but we prefer pork loin. I use corn tortillas most of the time as that is our preference, but flour ones are good as well. I will typically make a large batch of the sauce and freeze it in single meal portions in food saver bags. Makes for a quick and delicious dinner! Yummy! Just the right amount of spice for us.  Had all ingredients on hand except achiote paste.  Very easy to make.  Just a bit time consuming....but worth it! This was very good. I followed the directions in terms of quantities and ingredients, but did all the cooking in skillets without skewers. The flavors were great. My six year old thought the meat was too spicy and didn't like the pineapple, so she got something entirely different, but the wife and I really enjoyed these. Love this recipe very much. Thanks for posting.
