Kielbasa with Peppers and Potatoes
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/85127/kielbasa-with-peppers-and-potatoes/
Gather the ingredients. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO Heat oil in a pan over medium heat. Place kielbasa and potatoes in the pan. Cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until potatoes are tender, about 25 minutes. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO Mix bell peppers into the pan, and continue cooking until peppers are just tender, 5 minutes. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO Serve and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO
I read many reviews before I make a recipe. Usually I stick to the recipe to see what it was meant to taste like unless many reviewers suggest 1 or 2 changes. This was pretty good however I added a few changes of my own. In addition to the pepper, I had green I added a small onion, a few baby carrots and one stalk of celery. I was trying to use up some left over vegetables. I cut everything the same size, all diced. I cooked all the veggies together in just a dash of oil. In a bigger frying pan I cooked the potatoes in a little bit of oil and butter to crisp them up a bit then I added the kielbasa. When the potatoes were almost tender I added the lightly sauteed veggies to the pan. I also added a little bit of beef broth to keep it moist and a few dashes of soy sauce. Put the lid on it and let it cook just a tad more to fully cook the potatoes. The only downfall is there just wasn't enough for 3 hungry adults and 1 child. Next time I will make even more. I added half of a large vidalia onion to this recipe because we love vidalia onions.  My husband and I enjoyed it very much I will make it again. Everything burned. I will reduce to low heat and shorten cooking time next time Added onion My boys really liked this recipe! (I did tweak it a bit) I’m surprised it doesn’t say to add salt and pepper but I added some. Recipe was great but the timing is off since the potatoes took so long to cook through. Other than that I love it! 😍 I made it like it said except I added onion powder; my family doesn't like onions like I do and also added minced garlic. I added jalapeño peppers.
