Fleischkuechle (Flesh-Keek-Luh)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/85129/fleischkuechle-flesh-keek-luh/
In a medium bowl, mix together the ground beef, onion, salt and pepper until well blended. Set aside. In a large bowl, stir together the flour and salt. Pour in the eggs and milk, and stir until well blended using a sturdy spoon. Form the dough into 2 inch balls, and roll out into circles 1/4 inch thick on a floured surface. Form the beef into golf ball sized balls, and place each one onto one half of a dough circle. Fold the other halves of the circles over to enclose the dough. Seal the edges using a saucer or pressing with your fingers. Heat the oil in a deep fryer to 365 degrees F (185 degrees C), or over medium-high heat in a large deep skillet. Fry the Keuchle until golden brown, turning once. It should take about 10 minutes total for each batch.
The picture shown is not how fleishkuechle is traditionally made around here (I'm from ND as well). The recipe fails to include the fact that the balls of meat should be pressed flat (think oval-shaped hamburger patties) before the dough is wrapped around them. For the health-conscious, even though it's not "traditional," the fleishkuechle may also be baked. Around here we would NEVER detract from the flavor by adding cheese, but we do love to dip them in ketchup!! I can't imagine why there's a photo of two  unappetizing potatoes....This recipe IS German---both sides of my late husband's family made them. One side made the dough with eggs, the other one (Mother's) didn't. You should flatten the meat with a fork, once it's  placed onto the dough. We used a small saucer with a smooth rim to seal them. These were great to take to the fields during harvest--very filling for all the men. And yes, we're all from North Dakota or Montana. Love your recipes, and would like to see a few more German recipes. Their cooking is time consuming, but SOOOO much easier with a food processor. I wish all the deceased relatives could see the ease with which we cook. I used to watch my Grandmother and Mother make these, and my Grandmother said her  Mother and Grandmother used to make them (Germans from Russia, Zurichtal, Crimea).  There are differences in the ingredients and shaping the dough.  As of the shaping, we roll out a circle, place filling on 1/2 side and fold the other side over and seal by cutting the excess dough off with the side of a saucer.  This makes a 1/2 moon crescent shape pie.  The excess dough cut off we like to fry them up and make pretzels with salt, or even cinnamon and sugar for a desert.  I'm sure they taste just as good as yours, just difference shape. I loved this recipe. I followed it to a "T" and I think it came out great. Goes awesome with ranch dressing for dipping. :) I was actually trying to figure out how to spell this dish, as I made it with a friend this weekend, and stumbled upon the exact recipe we used. I just want to say that it's the most addictive thing I've ever had, this being the third time we've made it. She always makes a macaroni salad with lots of pickles to go with it, and I think it's a nice way to balance the hearty juiciness of the Fleischkuechle.I know she also got this recipe handed down to her from her German family, so anyone who says it's not "real" because it doesn't use moldy old bread or whatever needs to let me know so I can be sure to call them a waaaambulance. It's THE most delicious thing I've ever had, no matter what you call it. As a cheese lover, I add shredded cheese to the middle of it, but it's got a great flavor as it is.  If you're a bit more adventerous you can also add some cayenne and other spices (I prefer oregano and garlic) as well.  If you're making it for some people the like spice and some that do not, it's easier to place the spices in the dough.  Make the first half without, use 1 egg.  Make a second batch with only 1 egg but add the spices.  Mine have always turned out okay with only 2 eggs total. My family thought this was okay. I probably won't make it again. I had alot of difficulty manipulating the dough and ended up mixing the beef mixture into the dough. The end result was a beef fritter. The recipe has nothing to do with german Fleischkuechle except the use of meat. Fleischkuechle are oval, abou 1 inch thick, have a weight of 2.2 or 4.5 ounces. They are never deep fried but fried in a pan. Besides in Germany we don't use flour for the dough but rolls, two or three days old, soaked in milk or water. i live in germany. fleischküchle (buletten, fleischpflanzerl) aren't made with that much flour. in germany we use old buns or white bread soaked a few minutes in milk for that. that gives it a softer texture. if the meat mixture is to wet, we add breadcrumbs. also mustard is a must for seasoning.  The picture shown is not how fleishkuechle is traditionally made around here (I'm from ND as well). The recipe fails to include the fact that the balls of meat should be pressed flat (think oval-shaped hamburger patties) before the dough is wrapped around them. For the health-conscious, even though it's not "traditional," the fleishkuechle may also be baked. Around here we would NEVER detract from the flavor by adding cheese, but we do love to dip them in ketchup!!
