Braised Beef
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8513083/braised-beef/
Gather all ingredients and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). LLRECIPES / KAREN HIBBAR Season beef pieces evenly on all sides with 3 1/2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons pepper, and garlic powder. LLRECIPES / KAREN HIBBAR Heat oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add beef, reduce heat to medium high and cook, undisturbed until it releases easily from the skillet and a golden brown crust has formed, about 4 minutes. Flip pieces and continue to cook until browned on all sides. Remove meat from the pan and set aside. LLRECIPES / KAREN HIBBAR Return skillet to medium-high heat and add 2 tablespoons butter to the drippings in the pan. When butter has melted add onion, mushrooms and carrots and cook 5 minutes, stirring often, scraping to release any browned bits from the bottom. Add garlic and cook for 1 minute. LLRECIPES / KAREN HIBBAR Stir in wine and scrape to release any more bits from the pan. Return the meat to the pan, along with any accumulated juices and add thyme, bay leaves and Worcestershire. LLRECIPES / KAREN HIBBAR Pour in beef broth just enough that it comes up 2/3 of the way up on the beef (do not fully submerge the meat in liquid). Bring the mixture to a simmer. LLRECIPES / KAREN HIBBAR Cover and place in preheated oven until meat is very tender, 2 to 2 1/2 hours. LLRECIPES / KAREN HIBBAR Serve and enjoy.  LLRECIPES / KAREN HIBBAR
I browned the roast and put everything (except mushrooms) in the crockpot. Cooked it for 6 hours on high. I was tender and delicious. look so good and delicius , thank you for sharing I have been cooking this for years. The only thing I do different other than the salt, is, I spend the time to caramelise the onion before adding it to the mix. It simply adds another dimension to the braise and it sweetens it somewhat. Something else to consider is to toast whole black pepper corns in a skillet before cracking them in a mortar and pestle before adding them. Be careful not to over toast or burn them. Added broccoli towards the end , last 15 minutes of oven time. Amazing, delicious and easy!  If you use beef bullion (e.g. Better than Bullion) instead of stock it's best to go light on the salt/pepper/garlic when browning the beef, otherwise it is easy to go too salty.  As Nicole says in the accompanying video, be patient with the browning process and you will be rewarded with FLAVOR! Similar to what I've been making for years, but there are good notes on method in this recipe. I have my own modifications on spices, but it's essentially the same. However, those heavy iron skillets without a helper handle are non-starters for us old, arthritic people.  I've modified the method somewhat:  I use my high grade non-stick skillet that does a decent job of searing.  But then as each step is done on the stove, I put it in my old, reliable blue enamel oval oven roaster for transfer to the oven.  Handles at both ends for easy movement in and out of the oven.  I may pick up a nice sized enameled, two handled, iron pan, but now, I'm getting perfect braised beef, and beef stew with my adapted method. I browned the roast and put everything (except mushrooms) in the crockpot. Cooked it for 6 hours on high. I was tender and delicious. Salt and pepper were divided, but it never said in either case where the second addition was. Excellent!Don't forget to sprinkle the parsley on top after its done. Instructions kidna skip that. Delicious! I served it with white rice, and it was a hit! Here is what was leftover, and won't make it past tomorrow.
