Air Fryer Pizza
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8514636/air-fryer-pizza/
Preheat the air fryer for 5 minutes at 380 degrees F (190 degrees C). Spray the air fryer basket with olive oil spray or line with a parchment liner to avoid sticking. Remove crust from the can, and cut in half. Shape each piece of dough into a circle and crimping up the edges to form a crust. Make sure it'll fit in your air fryer basket. Carefully transfer one pizza crust to the air fryer basket and spray lightly with olive oil spray. Prick the dough with a fork and precook for 3 minutes. Spread 3 tablespoons pizza sauce onto the crust in the air fryer basket and sprinkle with 1/2 of the mozzarella cheese. Top with 7 pepperoni slices and half of the onion slices. Sprinkle with basil and red pepper flakes, if using. Cook until crust is golden brown and crispy and the cheese has melted, 7 to 9 minutes. Keep in mind that cooking times may vary depending on the brand and size of your air fryer, so check frequently to be sure nothing overcooks or burns. Repeat procedure with the second pizza crust. Serve hot.
What's not to like about pizza!  a great recipe. I have an air fryer with two wire racks. So, it was a challenge! I sprayed the racks, then made the pizza on parchment paper.  Also adding toppings can be tricky. Bake pizza for 2 minutes, then add black olives. Press olives into cheese so the olives don't fly off. I never thought to bake a pizza in the air-fryer, what a time saver!  I topped mine with sirloin steak, onions, and red peppers!  It was so easy to make! I’m impressed by how easy this was to make! It’s cheaper than ordering out and faster! A great recipe to have fun with!One pizza for perfect for just the two of us without overeating.The liner of parchment paper kept the pizza easy to serve and the pan clean as I have the Emeril French door air fryer. It runs hot and quick!!As recommended by another reviewer, I used cheese on over the toppings to keep them from flying around the air fryer.The changes/additions I made were:•	Used fresh garlic infused olive oil•	1 tablespoon of Pecorino cheese•	Added 1/8 cup of medium cheddar cheese•	Used red onion•	Used hot honey drizzle, red pepper flakes and fresh basil for garnish My thing to make pizzas in the air fryer before? This recipe is excellent. One thing I did I didn’t have the pizza dough that was refrigerated so I mixed up a half a batch of my regular pizza dough and it was the right amount for the two pizzas. Since I had everything on hand the sauce, the pepperoni, the cheese, and even the basil this was an easy recipe for me to put together tonight. This recipe would really be good to totally do everything except the final bake on it and freeze them and then at a later date, you can have a fresh homemade pizza. I like them in the air fryer. My air fryer is rectangular in shape so I didn’t have round pizzas , they still tasted delicious even though they were rectangle! Definitely is a keeper. I made this for my grandchildren. One-half was just cheese, and the other half was pepperoni. I couldn’t shape the dough in a circle. I also had difficulty getting it in my small air fryer and removing it. I think putting the pizza in a regular oven would be much easier than using the type air fryer I have. I noticed that the first pizza I cooked was quite brown with 3 minutes left on the timer, so I turned the temp down for the second pizza. If I used my air fryer again, I think I would shape the dough into 4 small squares and cook them one at a time on a small piece of parchment at 370°.
