No-Peek Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8515263/no-peek-chicken/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13-inch baking dish with cooking spray. otdash Meredith Food Studio Whisk rice, water, chicken soup, mushroom soup, onion, bell pepper, onion soup mix, and oregano in a large bowl until well combined. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour rice mixture into the prepared dish. otdash Meredith Food Studio Sprinkle chicken thighs with seasoning salt and arrange on top of rice mixture. Cover dish tightly with foil. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven, keeping tightly covered, for 1 hour 30 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio
I have made a version of this for many years and it is always delicious. It differs from this recipe because it is baked for two hours and has 1/1/2 cups of rice. For seasonings I use onion, powder, garlic powder, parsley, red pepper flakes, coriander and paprika. The big difference is really more time to cook and less rice. I think you will find it comes out perfectly every time. I also season the chicken and I also sprinkle it with paprika so it comes out brown, even though it has been steamed. I hope this helps people who are having trouble with this recipe. If cooked long enough and with the right amount of liquid, it is delicious. Used white rice it would have been better with the long grain rice. It needed garlic n a little spice. We will make it again! It needed something, maybe some sour cream or plain yogurt. Also, recipe was confusing with water. I added curry powder and food coloring My Aunt Nancy taught me this recipe ,40 years ago but she only used cream of mushroom and breasts instead of  thighs   ;I like thighs better.  No matter what parts you use, it will be delicious!!! I gave it a 2 because of the consistent directions. No one else has mentioned this.  Is it an update? The video shows raw rice put in the bowl and the picture of ingredients show raw rice, but STEP 2 in the instructions says to cook the rice in the water.  I took my chances and used raw rice.  I used chicken broth instead of water.  (If I had used water I would have added a bouillon cube or some Better than Bouillon to the water before mixing.)  I cooked it for 2 hrs. and the rice was overdone but the chicken wasn't done.  I think there's too much canned soup, never a healthy ingredient.  If I make it again (big IF) I would cook it uncovered  to be sure the chicken is done and the rice isn't overcooked.  I'm sure glad I started with raw rice!  I was making this for a neighbor in need and almost didn't take it over. My family loves this. I add corn instead of peppers.
