Mexican Breakfast Tacos
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/85185/authentic-mexican-breakfast-tacos/
Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir sausage in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove sausage to a plate. Drain and discard grease; wipe the skillet clean with a paper towel. Place the same skillet over medium heat and grease with cooking spray. Whisk together eggs, milk, salt, and pepper in a medium bowl; pour into the prepared skillet. Cook and gently stir until scrambled and almost dry. Add sausage; continue to cook and stir until firm. Meanwhile, warm a second skillet over high heat. Cook tortillas until hot and crispy on the edges, but still pliable, about 45 seconds per side. Sprinkle Monterey Jack cheese evenly onto hot tortillas. Top each with scrambled eggs, salsa, and hot pepper sauce.
Wow, a one star review just because it mentions bottled hot sauce. I grew up with a mexican best friend and learned lots of my cooking (including chorizo and eggs) from her mom. There was always a bottle of Tapatio on the table and we always splashed it on. I agree that jack cheese may be 'americanized', but come on, loosen up a little bit... it's a good recipe for chorizo and eggs. Unless you have freshly made corn tortillas, I suggest using flour. The corn tortillas have great flavor, but they split apart once folded over the filling, even while the tortillas were hot. Had to eat with a fork and knife. Added a bit of chopped sweet onion to the chorizo.  Great flavor, straightforward preparation. Made this for breakfast this morning. This was really good and we will be having it again. I couldn't find just 6 ounces of Chorizio sausage, I had to buy a whole pack of it which was 19 ounces. We made the whole pack of it and we used 7 eggs (I always buy extra large eggs so we only added 1 egg). I added some chopped green pepper and onion to the sausage when I was frying it. My husband doesn't like the corn tortillas so we used flour tortillas. Just the two of us, so we have some left over for quick breakfasts during this week!....Thanks much for the recipe! So yummy! I'm only give two stars for the recipe, this  particular recipe.  It's a flawed recipe and I will get to the point.  But first let me say this I've probably eaten my own weight in Huevos con Chorizo over the last 40 years and it's a great simple Mexican breakfast taco so I encourage you to enjoy the recipes of Eggs with Chorizo.   I wish that recipes would offer advice on 'chorizo'  depending on your latin sausage chorizo can mean at least 10 different types of sausage and MOST or not that proper for scrambling with eggs.  buy a fresh pork or beef chorizo that you can find in the refrigerated sections of Mexican friendly supermarkets.  It come sin plastic tubes and is quite runny with chiles.  Other types of 'chorizo' will not be as good. The recipe as-is, is a bit bland. I added a mild pork sausage to the chorizo and cooked them together. I added diced avocado, diced tomatoes, chopped green onions, salsa, mexican shredded cheese and it came out perfect. You can also use ground beef instead of sausage and season the beef with a homemade taco seasoning recipe Loved it. Husband loved it. This will be a regular Saturday morning breakfast now!
