One Pot Lemon Chicken Orzo
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8521894/one-pot-lemon-chicken-orzo/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat oil in a large Dutch oven over medium. Add onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Add garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Stir in orzo and cook, stirring constantly, until lightly toasted, about 1 minute. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in heavy cream, broth, about 1 teaspoon lemon zest, and 3 tablespoons lemon juice; bring to a simmer over medium heat, stirring occasionally to prevent the bottom from sticking, about 3 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-low; simmer, stirring constantly, until orzo is tender and mixture is thickened, 8 to 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in chicken and spinach until spinach wilts, about 1 minute. Remove from heat. Stir in fontina, Parmesan, parsley, pepper, and salt until creamy, about 30 seconds. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve immediately topped with additional Parmesan and parsley. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
Very creamy very yummy. Definitely will make this again.Needed a little extra seasoning. I added a lil extra sal,pep,garlic,onion. Little chili powder for some more depth Love, love, love this dish! I loved this, especially as a light dinner in the heat of summer! I did add some chardonnay to it to enhance the flavor. Didn't have fresh spinach or parsley so used frozen and it was easy. I also cooked the chicken in first in the olive oil, onion, wine and seasoned it with lemon pepper, Montreal Chicken seasoning and Herbs de Provence. I then took the chicken out when done and used the pan with all the drippings to start the orzo. Delicious! However, why did I zest and juice two lemons when all I needed was a teaspoon of zest and three tablespoons of juice?? Never do recipes, just save them.  But did this one, and it was GREAT!!!!!!! Less chicken Used milk and chicken broth and some white wine and a palm of cacique (that’s all we had) Used pan drippings from chicken breast to sautee onion and garlic plus a shaker of chili powder. This was delicious!! Upped the chicken by 50%, used an entire bunch of parsley and added it a little before it called for. Didn't have heavy cream so used butter + coconut milk (all I had), and it still turned out amazing. All my kids loved it, and leftovers the next day (the tiny bit that was leftover) were just as good!
