Ground Beef Stroganoff Noodles
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8526807/ground-beef-stroganoff-noodles/
Gather all ingredients. LLRECIPES / SONIA BOZZ Melt butter and oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms, season with salt, and saute, stirring occasionally, until they turn golden brown, 5 to 10 minutes. LLRECIPES / SONIA BOZZ Add onion and ground beef. Cook, stirring, until meat is browned and crumbly, and onions turn soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Season with black pepper and cayenne. LLRECIPES / SONIA BOZZ Stir in minced garlic and flour, and cook for 1 minute. LLRECIPES / SONIA BOZZ Pour in vodka and allow to evaporate, about 30 seconds. LLRECIPES / SONIA BOZZ Stir in beef broth and water and bring to a simmer. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes. LLRECIPES / SONIA BOZZ Reduce heat to medium, and mix in noodles. Cover with a tight-fitting lid and simmer for 5 minutes. Uncover and stir thoroughly. Cover again and cook until noodles are just tender, about 3 minutes. (See Cook's Note.) LLRECIPES / SONIA BOZZ Once noodles are cooked, reduce heat to low, and stir in sour cream. LLRECIPES / SONIA BOZZ Serve immediately with additional sour cream and green onions or chives if so desired. LLRECIPES / SONIA BOZZ
Another hit from Chef John. I used Greek Yogurt instead of sour cream and it was still delicious. So good! I love that it is one pot! I added 2T of Worcestershire and a little dried mustard as has been suggested by other posters and the taste was fantastic! I did forget to add the flour but the sour cream thickened it up just fine. My husband said “don’t change a thing”!Thanks chef John The flavor is the only thing that needs a little tweaking.  Otherwise, I'm looking forward to adding this recipe into my rotation. I love Beef Stroganoff and Hamburger Helper is a guilty pleasure. This combines both into an easy, quick meal. I’m not sure where someone thought it was too much work. It’s cooking, not opening a box. I did use more onions, mushrooms and garlic…because I had extra. I did add, per another reviewer suggestion, 2 tsp Worcestershire, 1tsp steak sauce, ¼ tsp garlic and onion and a 1/8 tsp dry mustard. I used penne pasta and it took about 12 minutes to cook. Definitely a keeper. Recipe was easy to follow I omitted the mushrooms unfortunately I didn’t have any and I used no salt stock instead of broth. It was delicious! A keeper, It was an easy to make recipe but I found it a little lacking in flavour. I didn't have any vodka, used it all to make vanilla 😄. Next time I'll try it with some dried mushrooms added. It was so much better the next day, imagine that. Overall a decent recipe that I saved.
