Chef John's Brunswick Stew
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8527660/chef-johns-brunswick-stew/
Gather your ingredients. LLRECIPES / KAREN HIBBAR Add sliced bacon to a dry soup pot and cook on medium-high until browned and almost fully rendered. LLRECIPES / KAREN HIBBAR After bacon is about halfway cooked, move it to the outside of the pot and set pork chop into the middle of the pot. Cook on each side until lightly browned, about 2 minutes each. LLRECIPES / KAREN HIBBAR Remove pork chop and add chicken thighs, skin side down, and also brown on each side. Browning is optional but it will add more flavor. LLRECIPES / KAREN HIBBAR Remove chicken. Once the bacon has cooked, add onions and salt. Cook and stir until onions are soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. If the pot is getting too hot, lower heat to medium. Add garlic and cook until fragrant, 30 seconds to 1 minute. LLRECIPES / KAREN HIBBAR Add diced tomatoes, and stir to deglaze the bottom. Increase heat to high, bring to a simmer, and stir in garlic powder and black pepper. LLRECIPES / KAREN HIBBAR Add browned pork chop and chicken thighs back to the pot, along withany accumulated juices and water. Bring to a simmer, and reduce heat to medium-low, or low to maintain a steady but gentle simmer. Simmer until meat is very tender and falls of the bone, about 1 1/2 hours. LLRECIPES / KAREN HIBBAR Remove meat from the pot and transfer to a bowl until cool enough to be handled. Separate the meat from the bone and skin, and add it back to the pot. LLRECIPES / KAREN HIBBAR Add corn, lima beans, okra, red pepper, and potatoes, and stir to combine. Taste and add more salt if necessary. LLRECIPES / KAREN HIBBAR Stir in brown sugar, Worcestershire sauce, and cayenne pepper. Let the pot come back to a simmer (you can raise heat to do this faster, but reduce back to medium-low to maintain a simmer). LLRECIPES / KAREN HIBBAR Simmer until potatoes are tender, and everything is cooked to your liking, about 30 minutes more. Add water or chicken broth to the pot if it seems like things are getting too thick, but this is a stew, and should be fairly thick LLRECIPES / KAREN HIBBAR Once done, stir in vinegar. Taste and adjust salt, if needed. LLRECIPES / KAREN HIBBAR Serve with green onions and enjoy! LLRECIPES / KAREN HIBBAR
Hits all the right notes, and with a stronger savory background than many too watery Brunswick recipes. Still doesn't hurt to add a shot of Texas Pete as serving (the NC version of apple cider vinegar splash, which I actually added earlier with other seasonings). I did substitute half teaspoon cayenne and half teaspoon hot Hungarian paprika for just cayenne in the last seasoning cooking additions. Shred added meats thoroughly with forks, like with a pulled pork, for easier eating - the smaller dice on potatoes here also helpful for continuous mouth-feel of stew, and not a pause for a meat or potato chunk. 12/6/23- Combined two recipes, this and NYT y Eric Kim.  Takes far more than 15 min to prepare.  Cubed chicken and pork first, browned, and then just put everything in the pot for 1 1/2 to 2 hours.  It was great.  Will make again. Chef John does it again! I added a bit of chicken bouillon along with water to keep the consistency right, and added salt/pepper/Worcestershire as needed. Excellent dinner! Delicious! A very comforting soup for the cold, winter months. I made using chicken legs but otherwise according to the recipe. There is a wonderful depth of flavor. Next time I make it I will add some heat. This will be a great soup to use up the leftover veg in the fridge. We enjoyed with the Pepper Jack Cornbread Biscuits and it was great. Thanks, Chef John! This was delicious.Will make it again Hits all the right notes, and with a stronger savory background than many too watery Brunswick recipes. Still doesn't hurt to add a shot of Texas Pete as serving (the NC version of apple cider vinegar splash, which I actually added earlier with other seasonings).  I did substitute half teaspoon cayenne and half teaspoon hot Hungarian paprika for just cayenne in the last seasoning cooking additions. Shred added meats thoroughly with forks, like with a pulled pork, for easier eating - the smaller dice on potatoes here also helpful for continuous mouth-feel of stew, and not a pause for a meat or potato chunk.
