Coconut Chickpea Curry
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8527854/coconut-chickpea-curry/
Heat oil in a large high-sided skillet over medium. Add onion and cook, stirring often, until softened, about 4 minutes. Add garlic and ginger; cook, stirring constantly, until fragrant, about 1 minute. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add red curry paste and cook, stirring constantly, until lightly darkened and vegetables are coated, about 1 minute. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in coconut milk, broth, and salt; bring to a boil over medium-high. Stir in chickpeas. otdash Meredith Food Studio Reduce heat to medium to maintain a simmer and simmer, stirring occasionally, until thickened slightly, 15 to 20 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove from heat and stir in spinach; stir until wilted, about 1 minute. Stir in lime juice. Serve with cashews, cilantro, and rice. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Absolutely loved it! I didn't have the red curry paste but subbed each: 1/2 tsp turmeric, 1/2 tsp cumin and 1/2 tsp yellow curry powder and served it with homemade raita (yogurt, mint and cucumber) YUM!~Kelly J I added potatoes, carrots and green beans. Also, i added soy sauce for umami flavor and one spoon of granulated sugar. It became a beautiful red and green soup :) Good but needed tweaking. I added carrots and green beans as well as 1.5 tbsp palm sugar and 1 tbsp tamarind paste to give it more depth of flavour. We all loved it with the additions I found toasted coconut cashews.  Since it calls for coconut milk, I thought they would blend well with the recipe.  They did!  Recipe was really good. This Recipe was flavorful, filling, and absolutely beyond expectations.  I am trying to eat more healthy and less meat but I was skeptical if this would satisfy this avid meat eater.  It was not only filling but flavorful and I didn't even miss the meat.  I'm hooked, and will try adding some other vegetables to this recipe in the future, but it's a keeper! This is absolutely delicious!  Easy to make as well.  Definitely a keeper. I loved it!  Easy, tasty.  I was cautious with the amount of curry paste but will put the full amount in next time.  My husband thought it was just ok, but he ate it:)  We will be making it again. Great flavor from this simple curry. I didn’t have grape seed oil so I subbed coconut oil. My wife hates curry and even she enjoyed this. I would add more curry past next time but that’s about it. This was delicious. I amped up the spices a bit because we like spice. I will definitely make it again. It is a winner! Wow!  I didn't have cashews but will definitely use next time for the crunch.  Received raving reviews from the family.
