Sheet Pan New Orleans-Style Shrimp
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8527068/sheet-pan-new-orleans-style-shrimp/
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a sheet pan with foil. Mix melted butter, Worcestershire sauce, lemon juice, pepper, Cajun seasoning, and Tabasco sauce together in a small bowl. Rinse shrimp in a colander and pat dry with paper towels to remove the excess water. Place in a large bowl. Add minced garlic to the bowl with the shrimp. Pour in butter sauce and toss with the shrimp and garlic. Pour shrimp and sauce onto the prepared sheet pan, and spread shrimp out into an even layer. Cook in the pre-heated oven until the shrimp turn pink (be careful not to overcook), about 8 minutes. Serve with the sauce from the pan and French bread for dipping.
This is a good recipe for making a lot of shrimp in a quick amount of time! Since it's just me and my husband at home I was easily able to cut this recipe in half and still have excellent results. I used Argentinian red shrimp which have a slightly sweeter flavor so both my husband and I added more hot sauce when eating to balance the flavors. Dipping warm bread into all the extra sauce might have been our favorite part! Really tasty and easy recipe, but if you like spice and heat definitely adjust to your palate! Everyone loved this! I did increase the spices ( 1.5 what the recipe called for)  and added a shake of Old Bay to the finished product. Delish! So easy and SO DELICIOUS!!! Generously sprinkle New Orleans seasoning. Made for weekend guests. I loved more than they did but I think in part because I appreciated the “browned butter” sauce this makes - which as the submitter and others have commented - pairs so wonderfully with toasted french bread. I would dab my bread in the butter sauce, add a shrimp or two and eat. Divine! But…..! The sauce didn’t adhere to the shrimp well, which is why I think my guests weren’t as impressed as I was! Stand alone - I can see how it might a bit blah. But! The French bread plus shrimp plus sauce! I thought very good. And so darn easy! I would make this again! Thank you faneveryday! I cut this recipe in half for just my husband and me. If you need a really easy, quick meal, this is it. I served it with leftover herbed noodles and Apple Spinach Salad. Oh, I also served French bread for sopping up all that buttery sauce! This is a good recipe for making a lot of shrimp in a quick amount of time! Since it's just me and my husband at home I was easily able to cut this recipe in half and still have excellent results. I used Argentinian red shrimp which have a slightly sweeter flavor so both my husband and I added more hot sauce when eating to balance the flavors. Dipping warm bread into all the extra sauce might have been our favorite part! Really tasty and easy recipe, but if you like spice and heat definitely adjust to your palate!
