Cheddar Bay Biscuit Chicken Cobbler
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8533467/cheddar-bay-biscuit-cobbler/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Coat the bottom of a 13x9-inch baking dish with melted butter. Place shredded chicken and vegetables into the dish; season with thyme, pepper, and salt. Pour over condensed soup, broth, and cream; stir until well combined. Prepare biscuit mix according to package instructions. Drop 8 (about 1/4 cup) biscuit dough portions onto chicken and vegetable mixture. Bake in the preheated oven, uncovered, until biscuits are golden brown on top and casserole is bubbling around the edges, about 40 minutes. Sprinkle with thyme.
Made this using the gluten free Red Lobster Chedder Biscuit Mix. Added the cheese called for on the mix and let the batter rest for 20 minutes (as one needs to to let the gf flour absorb the liquid more fully) as the chicken finished cooking. Otherwise made it as written.Loved the use of buttermilk in this recipe, but will probably put the veggies between the chicken and batter next time as they stayed on top and dried out a bit.We LOVED this! Based on another comment:  don't use 2 cups milk with the biscuit mix. Use 1 cup or even 1 1/2 cups milk.  Less soupiness. I used chicken breast tenders and thighs, seasoned with italian herb blend, and baked for 30 minutes.  I followed the rest of the recipie exactly. I had high hopes for this dish when it came out of the oven looking nicely browned. I was sorely disappointed at the first bite, it tasted like warm wheat paste with arandom bites of chicken! Truly Awful - I want to give less than one star, but husband doesn't want to waste food, so now it sits in the refrigerator until we're starving enough to "gag it down". I made this using the Red Lobster Rosemary and Thyme biscuit mix, added two cups of milk to the boxed mix with the seasoning packet and spread it over the top of the casserole.  Sprinkled parsley and chopped basil to the top of that before baking.  Absolutely delicious!  The biscuit topping browned up beautifully, with no sog on the bottom.  And, the leftovers were just as good two days later. You can easily get three meals for two out of this casserole.  Note that you might not need to add any salt to the vegetables unless you use low salt ingredients. This was delicious! The cook time and temperature needs to be adjusted. I baked it at 350 for 40 minutes, then turned it up to 375 for another half hour. The top was brown and the filling was bubbling, but it was still doughy on the bottom and the liquid was soupy but good spooned over the biscuit. My husband licked his plate! I really try not to review recipes that I end up tweaking so I made this according to the actual recipe the first time I made it and it was easy but did need more flavor. Now I have made it multiple times with a lot of tweaking. I do use the basic soup but I use 2 Cream of chicken and at least double the broth I use. I start with cooking chopped onions, chopped celery, chopped carrots cooked in the butter until soft. Then I add the soups, broth, cream, etc. It adds so much more flavor! I don’t layer all of that, I just use a pot to cook it all in. It makes it more like a chicken and dumpling. I do love the biscuits on top so that’s made according to the box recipe. This was a really good base recipe that can be made exactly like the recipe or you can add your own touches to make it Great! Added cheese :) First let me say that I am not a good cook, never have been but this recipe came out excellent. I followed the recipe perfectly. I might add a few diced potatoes to it next time. I learned that I do not like the flavor of thyme but everybody is different. I will definitely make it again. I think maybe 1 cup of broth would work better. Other than that this is really really good!
