Microwave Baked Potato
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/85337/microwave-baked-potato/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Scrub potato and prick with a fork. Place on a microwave-safe plate. Microwave on full power for 5 minutes. Turn potato over, and microwave until soft, about 5 more minutes. Remove potato from the microwave, and cut in half lengthwise. Season with salt and pepper and mash up the inside a little with a fork. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add butter and Cheddar cheese. Microwave until melted, about 1 more minute. otdash Meredith Food Studio Top with sour cream, and serve. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO
This was great! One tip - if you want your potatoes to come out extra "steamy" and have problems with your potatoes drying out, try wrapping the potatoes in plastic wrap before microwaving. The skin doesn't dry out and get crisp, but the inner part comes out the way it does in the oven. I made 2 large baked potatoes tonight. Since I made 2 of them I cooked them on high for 6 minutes on each side and they turned out perfect.After baking them I added cheddar/Jack shredded cheese for another minute then took them out and sprinkled each with bacon bits and added sour cream. This was my first time making baked potatoes with a microwave but, I’ll certainly do it again. Thanks for the recipe. Someone give this person the Nobel Prize of Lunches! I have a 5-pound bag of russet potatoes that I have to use. They're too small for dinner-baked potatoes, and they're too small to justify warming up the oven an HOUR early for traditional baked potatoes. This works so incredibly well and I get a lovely hot lunch in under 15 minutes.If you still want that crispy outside skin, you'll need to "finish" the potatoes in the oven for 5-10 minutes. Otherwise let them rest for a minute or two before pulling from the microwave and have at it! I love them. I'd caveat that this likely depends on your individual microwave, and most of us are doing this in home-style microwaves. If you're using an industrial microwave you might need less time as usually they go at MUCH higher wattage. (Warning because my office has industrial microwaves and even though I work from home now, there have been exploding-potato incidents in the past.) I used 3 smallish (a little larger than the size of my fist) golden potatoes. Microwaved at 3 minute intervals, turning each time, for 12 minutes. Followed the advice of rubbing with oil and salt, wrapping in a wet paper towel and setting in shallow dish with water. The potatoes came of soft and fluffy. Only needed 5 minutes total in the microwave, but they came out perfectly. Before wrapping in paper towel, I brushed with olive oil, and seasoned with Himalayan Sea Salt and garlic powder. After cooking, I let sit in microwave for 2 mins before fluffing them open with a fork. Then seasoned with a little butter and black pepper. Finally topped off with steamed kale, and a avocado and cilantro dressing. PERFECTION!! This was soooo good! I used olive oil and oregano to flavor the potato. Another reviewer added a tip to place a bit of water in bottom of plate to prevent drying out and it worked. Will be cooking another one tomorrow. I had to make 3 baked potatoes quickly. So after reading this recipe and several reviews I did the following: I put the 3 scrubbed and pricked potatoes into a casserole with a cover. I added a bit of water at the bottom and covered the casserole. I then nuked them for 8 minutes (we have a pretty powerful micro). I then turned them over, recovered them and nuked them for another 8. Then I let them sit, covered until I was ready to serve. My husband actually commented on them, asking if I used different potatoes since these were the best he'd had. He even ate the skin and he never does that. I did exactly what the recipe said and it turned out well. I listened to a few user reviews and put some water at the bottom of the plate while microwaving. I poked it with a fork and cooked a large russet on one side for 5 mins and flipped it and cooked it for another 2 mins. I then salted it, put cheese on it then microwaved it for a min, and then put sour cream and crushed bacon on top. Yummy. I ran a test with one medium potato wrapped in plastic wrap. It came out totally great. I also changed the recipe a bit, cut off the butter and topped the halves with chopped green onions and blue cheese. Also, sauteed some green onion and mushrooms and added that on the top as well with a little bit of the remaining juices of the mushrooms. It was sooooo yum and contained less fat, obviously :D This works great. For a real treat, remove after 6 minutes, brush with oil and rub with sea salt. Bake at 450 for an additional 20 minutes for an extra crispy skin. very easy, I had 2 russets, put them in for 10 min. I've been doing this for years, never had one catch fire, I wash the potatoes first and don't dry them. Made them twice baked, added all but the sour cream, added Parm, and evap. milk, mashed it all with a fork, nuked for 2 min, mixed, spooned it in the skins, then another 2 min. Very fast and tasty. So like listen too the part that tells you to ADJUST THE TIME BASED ON MICROWAVE POWER. It’s not their fault your microwave is more powerful than there’s. this recipe is based on their microwave is it not? Keep an eye on the potato while it’s in there and you should be fine Just cooked a medium sized Russet at 2 minutes per side.  It is not the recipe, but the potato and/or microwave.  Potatoes have different density, water content and degrees of 'ripeness'.  Some younger taters will be hard on the insides no matter how long you cook them.  These are better for stovetop creaming (with a lid).  I find shorter cook times are usually better with taters and corn on the cob.  You can always add time.  Also, cover anything you cook with parchment paper. Helps it retain steam for better cooking, and reduces drying and spatter.  Also, parchment is Si-based and can take a higher temp than wax paper.  NEVER use plastic wrap or plastic cookware. I needed to add 3 more minutes for my potato to be tender. I also added bacon and extra cheese was so delicious 😋 thank you for recipe I made chili cheese baked potatoes Laughing at the people leaving snarky comments because they refuse to use basic logic, like understanding that smaller potatoes cook faster, or maybe stopping the microwave to check the potato. User error doesn’t make the recipe wrong. The only concerning thing is how many adults are too incompetent to microwave a potato and then rage about it in the comments. Time way too long and totally dried out my potato. I started again and cooked for 5 minutes total in a ceramic bowl with lid and turned out perfect! I had a smaller potato;  approximately the size of a small woman's fist. I used Susan's tips (wrap in a paper towel, cut back on time, leave in once microwave was done for 3-5 minutes), and they worked great. I cooked it for 1 and a half minutes, then turned it over and did the same time again. After the 3 minutes post cook were up, it came out perfectly. I don't usually eat the larger russets, so for anyone who wants to cook smaller potatoes quickly, give it a try. You can see Susan's review (from 2009) by sorting by Most Helpful. It's currently the fifth one from the top. Thanks, allrecipes and Susan!
