Spaghetti all'Assassina (Assassin's Spaghetti)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8534000/spaghetti-allassassina-assassins-spaghetti/
Gather all ingredients. LLRECIPES / ANA CADEN Heat olive oil in a pot over medium heat. Add garlic and sizzle until it starts to turn golden and fragrant, about 1 minute. Stir in tomato puree, water, and salt. Bring to a simmer on medium-high. Once simmering, reduce to low heat and keep warm. LLRECIPES / ANA CADEN Pour olive oil into a large non-stick skillet over medium-high heat, season with chili flakes and heat until chili flakes start to sizzle, for 1 minute. Add raw spaghetti and toss until well coated with chili oil. LLRECIPES / ANA CADEN Pour in about 3 cups of tomato broth and, using tongs, move pasta from side to side to evenly distribute tomato broth. Cook, occasionally moving pasta from side to side with tongs, all facing the same direction, until most of the broth has been absorbed or evaporated, and the spaghetti starts frying in the pan. LLRECIPES / ANA CADEN Turn spaghetti over with tongs, and evenly arrange in the pan. Keep cooking until the pasta starts to brown, and even lightly chars. LLRECIPES / ANA CADEN Add about 2 more cups of tomato broth, and repeat the process. Continue cooking until the spaghetti is as charred as you like , and cooked to your desired doneness. More broth can be added at the end of the process for a saucier version, as shown in the video, or it can be served relatively dry. LLRECIPES / ANA CADEN Serve with a drizzle of olive oil and more chili flakes if desired. LLRECIPES / ANA CADEN Enjoy! LLRECIPES / ANA CADEN
I think I was too timid with the heat (physical heat, not chili heat) - next time (and there will be a next time) I'm gonna really let it char, because the crunchy spaghetti bits I *did* get were the best part. (Like the edges of lasagna, but better.)One piece of advice - if your stovetop has an exhaust fan, you might want to use it. The dish isn't smoky, but if you've been brave with the chili flakes, the volatile pepper fumes coming off this as it cooks can be surprising.My guess as to how the dish got its name: it looks like a brutal crime scene. (But in a good way.) Fantastic recipe!  Followed the suggestion to add a mirepoix to the tomato sauce with some fresh herbs I had kicking around in the veggie drawer.  Love that it's not too soupy- perfect for kicking back on the recliner and watching some football with a fork in my hand.  Thanks for the recipe! I have made this before, but this time I made more of a Bolognese style sauce, with carrot onion celery and minced beef in a tomato sauce but kept it quite liquidy, and added that a couple of ladles full at a time. It was fab. I tried making it and it just turned out to be regular spaghetti. It was still good but my technique was not good for it Too much tomato i guess Thanks Chef John,We were looking for something new and interesting when we found this recipe of yours. We were quite skeptical about not boiling the pasta. However we said that you have not ever let us down so we went for it. Like you said the spaghetti crunchy bits were just like the edges of a Lasagna but much more flavorful. The heat was perfect. The next day we took the leftovers and made two piles in the skillet. We made a little WELL in the top and broke a RAW EGG in to the WELL. We then covered it for 5 min until the EGG was set. WOW THAT WAS GREAT as well. We again will call you the BABE RUTH of the culinary arts.  Because you HIT ANOTHER ONE out of the BALLPARK.ALL HAIL CHEF JOHN.  We are looking forward to our next experience with you.  Thanks again. I have often made this same-tasting dish, with leftover spaghetti and sauce!This was outstanding! As the author states, absolutely, a non-stick (or well seasoned cast iron) pan is key for easy cleanup! I have never perfected the "art"  of seasoning a cast iron pan, so I use non-stick, or enameled cast iron for something like this. And I char away! I doubled it and used pasata instead of tomatoe puree. I enjoy it sans spice. We had it in Bari, where it originated, in May, although we couldn't get it at La Sorso Preforino, the original restaurant that 1st made it. Apparently the little old Barese lady in charge hates Americans & wouldn't give us a reservation a week in advance! It's OK-on our way there we found Via Bozzi. Bozzi is my last name.  We had it at Urban Pasta in Bari. There were many variations, including one with a white sauce. Assasin Spaghetti reminds me of the days before microwaves when we used to fry leftover spaghetti to reheat it! I may have used the wrong Chilli flakes because it was hot. My forehead was dripping sweat. Good taste though.
