Creamy Green Curry Chicken Ramen
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8536550/creamy-green-curry-chicken-ramen/
Heat oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add jalapeno, garlic, ginger, and lime zest to the pot and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add shredded chicken to the pot and stir into the jalapeno mixture, sauteing and stirring until well blended, about 30 more seconds. Add coconut milk, chicken stock, curry paste, soy sauce, fish sauce, brown sugar, and basil to the pot and stir well. Bring to a simmer, stirring occasionally. Add ramen noodles, snow peas, and bell peppers and cook until the noodles are al dente and the vegetables are crisp-tender, 3 to 5 minutes. Serve garnished with cilantro.
I'd never had curry in ramen before, but it was SO good with the coconut milk! The only thing I changed was 1 (6 oz) package of snow peas (assuming the 8 packages is a typo) and I used red curry paste since its what I had on hand. This recipe is great b/c you can use different types of protein and vegetables to switch it up! Relatively quick and easy and very tasty I thought the amount of snow peas was excessive as Sarah Mahalik observed. So adjusted to her suggestion. You can always add more according to your own needs. Versatile recipe will love adapting it according to personal taste. Loved it as it was though thank you. I'd never had curry in ramen before, but it was SO good with the coconut milk! The only thing I changed was 1 (6 oz) package of snow peas (assuming the 8 packages is a typo) and I used red curry paste since its what I had on hand. This recipe is great b/c you can use different types of protein and vegetables to switch it up! I loved this! The ONLY changes I made was to chop two jalapeños (because mine were on the small side) and half the fish sauce because I had a picky eater guest I was worried about. I also added the chicken AFTER sautéing the jalapeños and red bell pepper (yes, I moved both peppers to step 1).  I wanted everything to be semi-cooked before moving on in the recipe.  Even with those minor modifications- this was delicious! Fun, easy, and a new twist on ramen deliciousness! Thank you fabeveryday! Kudos to a great dinner!
