Air Fryer Buffalo Cauliflower
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8537905/air-fryer-buffalo-cauliflower/
Combine hot sauce, butter, and honey in a large bowl; whisk until well combined. Add cauliflower florets and stir until well coated. Combine flour, cornstarch, garlic powder, seasoning salt, and paprika in a separate bowl, stirring well. Gradually sprinkle the flour mixture over the cauliflower florets, tossing until all florets are coated. Preheat the air fryer to 390 degrees F (195 degrees C). Spray the fryer basket with olive oil spray or line with a parchment liner. Transfer cauliflower florets to the air fryer basket in a single layer, making sure not to overcrowd the basket, so they'll crisp up and not turn soggy. Air fry for 10 to 15 minutes, shaking the basket several times until the florets are lightly browned. They should be crispy, but not overcooked or mushy. You may have to cook in batches depending on the size of your air fryer. Time may vary depending on the size and brand of your air fryer. Give the cauliflower a light drizzle of buffalo wing sauce when they come out of the air fryer, if desired. Serve with your choice of a creamy dipping sauce.
It was very good. I would use less hot sauce since I don't like a lot of "kick". I love how the texture mimics chicken wings! I cooked second batch at 400 for 10 mins with 5 minute shake to make it crisper. I used a mild Buffalo sauce (Presidents Choice) and  liked it plain but also dipped in Ranch salad dressing. Next time I will use perforated parchment. Thanks for a great recipe The flavor was great; however, the texture was not, there was too much flour and corn starch, making the batter cakey. Great recipe!  Love the 'kick' to the sauce.  I set it for 10 min, which was perfect.  For one head of cauliflower, I had to make two batches.  I'll definitely be making this again. YUK!!!!  Absolutely Horrible I went with 15 minutes for cook time.  Did the shake  twice at 5 minute intervals. Made exactly as directed. BOOM!  These are just wonderful. Side of Blue Cheese for dipping in this house, but these little buggers stand on their own without dipping sauce. For my hot sauce, I used Frank's. It was very good. I would use less hot sauce since I don't like a lot of  "kick". Easy and very tasty I loved the flavor and the texture.  So easy to fix!  This will become a regular since it was a hit with the family.
