Unstuffed Pepper Skillet
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8538585/unstuffed-pepper-skillet/
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add peppers and onion; cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 4 minutes. Add beef and cook, stirring to crumble, until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Season with garlic and Italian seasoning and cook, stirring constantly, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Stir in tomato sauce, water, hoagie spread, and salt. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Stir in rice until coated evenly with sauce. Cover, reduce heat to medium to maintain a simmer, and cook until rice and vegetables are tender, about 8 minutes, stirring once halfway through to prevent sticking. otdash Meredith Food Studio Uncover, remove from heat, and sprinkle with shredded cheese. Re-cover and let sit until cheese melts, 1 to 2 minutes. Serve hot sprinkled with basil or parsley. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I added 2 cups of instant white rice. Easily able to do with 1. Also used medium thick and chunky salsa instead of the spread. Will make again. Very easy and very good. I added extra peppers b/c that is our favorite part of the dish. It makes it ‘meatier’. This turned out really well. I did use 1 cup regular rice with 2 cups vegetable broth and didn't use any water and left it simmer for about 15 minutes. I followed someone else's suggestion with adding the 3 tablespoons of worcestershire sauce. I thought it was good, my husband said next time not to use so much worcestershire sauce, he thought it was a little over-powering. We will have this again! Thanks much for the recipe!! I add Worcestershire sauce (3T.) and enjoy every bite. Delicious! Delicious!  I used ground turkey and only used the Italian seasoning, as I didn't have the hoagie spread.  I also used regular rice so I added some vegetable broth so it would cook.  I sprinkled it with parmesan cheese instead of cheddar.  It seems like a very flexible recipe.  Will definitely go into my regular rotation as it is my favorite type of meal:  Easy to make, minimal clean up, filling and very tasty. Great start! I only changed beef to turkey and rice to riced cauliflower. I didn't have hoagie sauce but still tasted great! oh boy were my kids excited when smelling their favourite food- Unstuffed pepper skillets. My grandmother always used to give it to them when they were younger. Easy to fix, and the flavor is tasty! The one thing that I did modify was adding the garlic to the onion and pepper mix when sauteing. Add to my recipe files. I added 2 cups of instant white rice. Easily able to do with 1. Also used medium thick and chunky salsa instead of the spread. Will make again.
