Gourmet Mushroom Risotto
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/85389/gourmet-mushroom-risotto/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Warm broth in a saucepan over low heat. Meanwhile, warm 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add portobello and white mushrooms; cook and stir until soft, about 3 minutes. Remove mushrooms and their liquid to a bowl; set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil to the saucepan. Stir in shallots and cook for 1 minute. Add rice; cook and stir until rice is coated with oil and pale, golden in color, about 2 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour in wine, stirring constantly until wine is fully absorbed. Add 1/2 cup warm broth to the rice, and stir until the broth is absorbed. otdash Meredith Food Studio Continue adding broth, 1/2 cup at a time, stirring constantly, until the liquid is absorbed and the rice is tender, yet firm to the bite, about 15 to 20 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove from heat. Stir in reserved mushrooms and their liquid, butter, chives, and Parmesan cheese. otdash Meredith Food Studio Season with salt and pepper and serve immediately. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO
In order to get that beautiful, creamy consistency a good risotto is so noted for, I found 15-20 minutes of cooking time was not nearly long enough. The simmering broth must be added little by little, cooked and stirred till it's absorbed, then repeating this step, ladle by ladle of broth, until the risotto is tender but not mushy, the broth is absorbed, and the starches break down resulting in creamy risotto - however long that takes. In my case, it probably took twice as long as the recipe directed, but then I cooked this at moderate heat in order to release the starches slowly. The end result was a creamy risotto with great flavor, the perfect complement to the pork piccata I served it with. Great - used Noilly Prat vermouth - better than wine - I also add chilli flakes really picks it up Roll leftovers in balls dip in flour and shallow fry / bake - beautiful I added chunks of chicken with a side dish of steamed buttered asparagus for a complete meal. I added some dried wild mushrooms and topped it off with Frank's red hot. Delicious and straightforward - once the recipe is in the adding wine phase, you can take it easy, putting a half cup of white wine into the risotto and into you. Overall tasty and makes you feel like you've made something that takes more effort :) My friend made a batch this weekend and I'm still thinking about it. We used a mix of baby bellas and shiitake mushrooms and balsamic vinegar parmesan (find it in the fancy cheese section in a wedge - don't use the shredded bagged stuff! You won't be sorry!). Extremely successful, tasty and easy to make (only labor intensive). I tried it once with butter and cheese and once with olive oil and no cheese (vegan version), they taste equally fantastic. I agreed with the comment saying half the mushroom portion. Love how this easy recipe make every guest satisfied and happy! I've made this many times with 250 g closed cap mushroom and 250 g chestnut mushrooms as well as with only 250 g mushrooms. I didn't add any cheese or butter to make it vegan. I lowered the amount of oil to one teaspoon and cut out the salt as the veggie stock was enough. I used 4 oxo stock cubes with 1 litre of boiled water. My husband, daughter, and I loved this. It was really tasty. To me, it didn't need any cheese. Though if I make this for guest, I may offer some Gary (vegan cheese) to grate on it.We didn't add chives as we are not a fan. It was srtill amazing! Nice combination, great form, I added a little garlic and some pine nuts to mine then saute them with the onions. This is the best risotto recipe I've ever found. It works with veggie broth or water in place of chicken broth for a vegetarian version, too. You can also sub different cheeses and replace the white wine with another alcohol or water. Cognac and gruyere made a nice combination. YUMMY! I used veggie stock instead of chicken b/c I'm a vegetarian and it came out very well :) Thanks for a great risotto recipe...plus it wasn't that long once I had everything ready :) As vegetarians, we substituted vegetable or mushroom broth and only used one type of mushroom. Nonetheless, this is easily one of the best risottos we've tasted. It's also quick and easy to make. At least four friends have taken this recipe home the same night they tasted it. Kudos! I've made this many many many times! Always a winner. You can use all kinds of variety of mushrooms! Needs more than 20 minutes though. Slow and steady! One of our favorites! I make it so often now I don't even need the recipe any more! So good!! Delicious recipe, but it’s a whole lot easier to do it in a pressure cooker! Sauté the mushrooms, add shallots or onion, add the rice and stir to coat well with oil or butter, add garlic for a minute or so, add the wine and cook off a bit of the alcohol, add only 4 cups chicken broth (a box of unsalted is best!), seal and cook on high pressure for 5-6 minutes. When done, quick release after 10 minutes, and add the butter and remaining ingredients, cheese, and a bit of salt if desired, and stir well. Delicious! I first bought a pressure cooker expressly FOR making risotto, because it works so well for it and I LOVE risotto!!!! Follow the recipe exactly as it is and this dish is a great success. Do not substitute any other rice for Arborio, that's what makes it so delicious! This was my first attempt at this dish (one of my favorites). Followed the recipe to a T. So good but definitely noted some adjustments based on personal taste … more Parmesan, a few less mushrooms, add garlic, etc. Overall, VERY pleased with the result. Any thoughts on what I could do to make it a bit creamier would be welcome! Thanks. It was delicious, might use less wine or no wine next time, it had a heavy wine flavor. It was my first time cooking a risotto, and it came out very good! Thank you! This is perfection. I modified the recipe slightly by adding about 10 cloves of garlic finely chopped. When my wife says, "We have to have this on the regular", I know I nailed it. Beautiful recipe.
