Tater Tot Hotdish
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8538705/tater-tot-hotdish/
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C) Set a large deep cast iron skillet over medium-high heat. Add olive oil and swirl to coat skillet evenly. Add onions to skillet in one even layer; top with ground beef, breaking it up into small pieces. Cook undisturbed until onions are translucent, about 2 minutes. Stir beef and onions until well combined, and cook until beef is cooked through and browned, stirring occasionally, 3 to 4 minutes longer. otdash Meredith Food Studio Reduce heat to medium. Season beef with garlic powder, onion powder, and black pepper. Cook, stirring often, for 1 more minute. Remove from heat. Add cream of mushroom soup, green beans, and corn; stir until well combined. otdash Meredith Food Studio Toss tater tots and seasoned salt in a bowl to combine. Arrange tater tots decoratively over beef mixture in the skillet, avoiding large gaps between tots. Bake in the preheated oven until tater tots are golden and crisp, about 1 hour. Sprinkle with cheese and scallions; cool 10 minutes before serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Made with ground chicken and cream of chicken soup. No leftovers! Big hit!!! Use 1 can cheddar cheese or zesty cheddar cheese soup. Sprinkle French fried onions over top of tator tots, yummy! Like the veggies and a delicious, nutritious, filling casserole I pretty much followed the recipe, but blended the hamburger with sausage. Yummmm! I scaled this down to use 2/3 lb. of beef and just using what I had on hand. I skipped the fresh onion just using the powder called for. I did use low sodium seasoned salt to season the beef while browning. I only had 1 can of cream of chicken soup, and scaled back the veggies accordingly. I used an 8x8 casserole dish to bake this and didn't quite have enough tater tots to cover the top from edge to edge, but it was fine. This dish was super easy to put together. I thought it tasted okay and I saved the leftovers for my meal tomorrow, but I noticed my husband picked at it and barely ate any, which is unusual for him. Made with ground chicken and cream of chicken soup. No leftovers! Big hit!!! I subbed one of the cream of mushroom for cream of celery (what I had on hand) and added an onion and mushroom soup mix packet for extra flavor. It was delicious!!! I changed it from beef to chicken. I used 1 can of cream of mushroom and 2 cans of cream of chicken as a change from beef to chicken.  I used one can of cream sweet corn instead of regular sweet corn. Left out scallions, onion, and regular corn,because of family tastes but still used the recommended onion powder.Very good.Alan This recipe was very good for a base recipe!We like more spices so I put 2 tsp of garlic powder and 1 tsp of onion powder otherwise followed the directions except baking it in a 9x13 casserole dish! So good and great for picky kids.
