Arroz Con Pollo (Chicken and Rice)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8541/carols-arroz-con-pollo/
Season chicken with a 1/4 teaspoon of salt, 1/4 teaspoon pepper, and 1/4 teaspoon paprika. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add seasoned chicken; cook and stir until no longer pink in the center and golden brown on all sides, about 10 minutes. Transfer chicken onto a plate; set aside. Add green pepper, onions, and garlic to the same skillet; cook and stir for 5 minutes. Add rice; cook and stir until rice is opaque, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in broth, tomatoes, white wine, and saffron. Stir in remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon pepper, and 1/4 teaspoon paprika; bring to a boil, cover, and simmer for 20 minutes. Add chicken and stir until heated through. Stir in parsley and serve.
This was great!! I omitted the tomatoes to make it more like the restaurant Arroz con Pollo, and it was! I used bone-in chicken breasts, so I had to cook the chicken a little longer. Also, I cut down the oil to 1 tablespoon to reduce the fat. Wasn't even missed! The second time I used boneless chicken breasts (big time saver), and olive oil instead of vegetable oil - noticeable difference in the flavor!! Will do that again. Thanks for the recipe! This is not traditional Hispanic style. This is amogollao! Loved it. I used boneless thighs and added a can of chopped chilis and it was fabulous.. I’m going to add a little more seasoning and less wine.  It was a little bland for our taste but good all the same. Really good. I didn't have any white wine available so I used sherry instead. Anything acidic would work in it's place. I also didn't have any saffron, so I used a Sazon packet as recommended by others.I wasn't really a fan of the big chunks of stewed tomatoes, so next time I will replace them with diced tomatoes. Otherwise, I don't think this recipe needs any tweaks. This was good, but not great as written. On the second try, I substituted Sazon for the saffron which gave the dish an incredibly bright orange color and excellent flavor. (Sazon is an inexpensive spice packet available in the Mexican food section  of most supermarkets.) Two packets is enough for this recipe amount. The Sazon makes the final product more like traditional Mexican ACP, notwithstanding the copious tomatoes. It's a five star recipe with the substitution. This dish was delicious!  I modified the recipe slightly.  Instead of using the can of diced tomatoes, I substituted it for two tablespoons of tomato paste.  I also used chicken breasts and olive oil instead of chicken thighs and vegetable oil. Very disappointing.  I made it as written and it was so bland.  There are expensive ingredients  in this recipe like wine and saffron so I expected way more than what I got.
