Sheet Pan Balsamic Pork Tenderloin with Rainbow Vegetables
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8544430/sheet-balsamic-pork-tenderloin-with-rainbow-vegetables/
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line a sheet pan with parchment paper or foil. Place 2 tablespoons olive oil, dates, vinegar, rosemary, garlic, salt, and pepper in a blender or small food processor. Pulse several times to mix, then puree until smooth, about 1 minute. Reserve 2 tablespoons of the mixture for later use. Combine rainbow carrots, butternut squash, and red onion in a large bowl. Toss with balsamic mixture, and place on the prepared sheet pan. Roast vegetables, uncovered in the preheated oven for 20 minutes. Meanwhile, blot tenderloins with paper towels. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Place tenderloins in skillet and cook until lightly browned, about 2 minutes per side. Stir vegetables; nestle tenderloins into vegetables. Brush each tenderloin with 1 tablespoon reserved balsamic mixture and return the sheet pan to the oven. Roast, uncovered, until vegetables are tender and pork is slightly pink in the center, about 20 minutes. The internal temperature of the meat should read at least 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). Drizzle vegetables and tenderloins with remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil.
Had to cook longer so veggies were more tender and then the pork was drier :( I would cook veggies 30 to 45 min before adding pork next time. Didn't use use dates, had no white vinegar, used regular balsamic. subbed in brussel sprouts, baby red potatoes and asparagus for squash. And herbes de provence vs rosemary. So really, ...haha, changed the recipe alot but taste was divine! I sprinkled salt and pepper on the tenderloins before browning them in the stovetop and added frozen peas in the final 15 minutes of roasting, so there would be some green in this. I found that the processing never actually got to a 'puree', ground is more like it and I had to add more oil to get the veggies to caramelize a bit. Enjoyed it every much. Great recipe. Make twice the sauce and make sure to salt it. Cutting the veggies smaller will allow them to cook faster. I placed the pork in with the veggies and pulled  the pork at temperature . I let it rest while the veggies cooked another 10 to 15 min. Super easy and satisfying great week night meal ! I used delicata squash, onions and fingerling potatoes as that is what I had on hand. The pork was incredibly tender and delicious - I also added more balsamic, olive oil and 5 cloves or garlic! I will make this again. Had to cook longer so veggies were more tender and then the pork was drier :(   I would cook veggies 30 to 45 min before adding pork next time. Didn't use use dates, had no white vinegar, used regular balsamic. subbed in brussel sprouts, baby red potatoes and asparagus for squash. And herbes de provence vs rosemary. So really, ...haha, changed the recipe alot but taste was divine!
