Indian Chapati Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/85469/indian-chapati-bread/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix whole wheat flour, all-purpose flour, and salt in a large bowl. Use a wooden spoon to stir in water and oil. Mix until a soft, elastic dough forms and add more water, if needed. otdash Meredith Food Studio Knead dough on a lightly floured surface until smooth. otdash Meredith Food Studio Divide dough into 10 equal portions, or less if you want larger chapatis. Roll each piece into a ball and let rest for a few minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat a lightly greased skillet over medium heat. Use a rolling pin to roll dough balls out on a lightly floured surface until very thin. otdash Meredith Food Studio When the skillet starts to smoke, place a chapati in it. Cook until bottom has brown spots, about 30 seconds, then flip and cook 30 seconds more. otdash Meredith Food Studio Repeat to cook remaining chapatis. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I spent two years in Kenya, and my friend Julie made these for us. She was from Uganda. She rolled her dough balls into long ropes,rubbed them with oil and coiled them into rounds then rolled them out. They were crispy and light. If you let them rest they will raise when put in the skillet. Thanks for the memories! Just purchased an 'old-fashioned' tawa, (completely flat), and after seasoning it, this was the first thing I tried... Incredibly easy, and delicious! Onward to the onion paratha recipe... (Now, where did I put that aamchur?) I used Indian multigrain Atta, but followed it with half the salt and the long rest after mixing and before balling and shaping... and ended up cooking the first side a little, putting it onto the second side on the griddle, but when it started puffing, I put the breads onto an open flame and they toasted beautifully and puffed completely through!  I put them into a towel, and they stayed soft and pliable all through a dinner of Chana Dal. It was *so* good. Easy peasy...  inlike to make multiple batches and freeze them. Good recipe. I will cut the salt in half next time. This recipe was perfect! I was so impressed to be able to make those breads at home. I used a crepe pan, lighlty oiled. I'm very impressed with this recipe. Instructions were easy to follow and the video was also great help . The chapati worked pretty much exactly as depicted. I used Spelt flour instead of half plain/half wholemeal. Absolutely delicious my first time ever trying to make this and my husband and children were asking for more thank you for this easy recipe Easy to make.  Fairly quickly done. Nice and crispy.  Maybe a bit tough...but I'm no expert on Chapatis; maybe they're supposed to be fairly tough.I suspect the secret to making them crispy is to roll them out REALLY thin.  I rolled them paper thin. Dough turned great non- sticky and easy to work with. I added some kalonji and toasted sesame seeds. I love this recipe.I think I will use this dough to make samosas as well.
