Blackened Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8571/blackened-chicken/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray a baking sheet with cooking spray. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat a cast iron skillet over high heat until it is smoking hot, about 3 to 5 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio While the skillet is heating, mix paprika, cayenne, cumin, thyme, onion powder, white pepper, and salt together in a small bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Spray chicken breasts on both sides with cooking spray, then coat evenly with spice mixture. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place chicken in the hot pan and cook for 1 minute. Turn, and cook 1 minute on other side. Transfer chicken to the prepared baking sheet. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until chicken is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 5 to 10 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
I made this exactly as the recipes is written and my very picky husband LOVED the chicken from my first attempt. He's asked me to make it every week for the past month. While he loved it from the start, I thought the flavor was a bit off, I have since perfected it to our tastes: I double all spices except halve the thyme. I also put all the spices in a plastic baggy, cut the chicken into strips, and shake them in the bag, then follow the recipe as written. I serve over pasta alfredo. Perfect recipe. I thinly sliced the chicken breast, marinated it for a couple of hours in the dry mix, then air fried it at 400 F for 16 minutes, turning after 8 minutes. Cooking time depends on the thickness of the chicken breast. Above all else what I love most about this recipe is its simplicity while also being delicious. I served it with steamed veggies and wildrice. Made this exactly as written. It was super quick, and the chicken came out nice and juicy. I might cut the cayenne a touch next time - it had a kick! made this this evening.  absolutely loved it.  The only adjustment I had to make was the time in the oven.  10 minutes at 350, breasts were raw in the middle.  I increased the heat to 375, and gave it another 20 minutes.  And the juices left in the pan were to die for!!! I've already shared the recipe with my daughter and daughter in law! Made exactly as directed & they are full of flavor!
