Out of This World Turkey Brine
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/85839/out-of-this-world-turkey-brine/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix water, salt, brown sugar, Worcestershire sauce, garlic, and pepper together in a food-grade bucket or container large enough to hold your turkey. otdash Meredith Food Studio Carefully submerge turkey in brine. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cover and store in the refrigerator. Soak for two days before smoking or roasting. otdash Meredith Food Studio
My first attempt at doing a brine and I will NEVER prepare a turkey any other way from now on. This definitely was out of this world, moist and tasty. It was very easy to do also. I just bought a new 5 gallon pail, mixed up the brine and plopped the bird down inside. Covered it and put it in the garage overnight, then roasted using Alton Brown's method (from Food Network) which was to start it in the oven at 500 degrees for the first 30 minutes, then turned it down to 350 degrees for the remainder. Awesome, phenomenal....best turkey I ever put in my mouth!!! Moist flavorful turkey every time, use it on chicken too.  don't need a rub or any additional seasoning....unless you want a different flavor than the turkey. Best ever brine just the way it is! That's all and that's it! I did 1 1/2 times the recipe and replaced some of the water with orange juice (4 c).. brine overnight. Another way to level up the recipe is after Thanksgiving use the turkey bones to make a gallon of turkey stock. Freeze the stock and use it in place of half the water the next year in your brine. I made this brine for a Turkey I smoked for Thanksgiving and it truly was out of this world!! I’m making another batch right now to smoke a Turkey for Christmas dinner. It is not my go-to brine recipe! Thanks a million!!💜 I have used this receipe for the past 5 years. My family always raves about my smoked turkey. This year I smoked a 14lb whole turkey and a couple of 3lb boneless turkey breast roasts and they were outstanding. Brining is an absolute game changer. I don’t normally rinse mine before putting on the smoker. Also, I have had a hard time finding canning salt  lately so I had to substitute with coarse sea salt. I used a little less than the recipe called for and it was fine. This recipe is great! I used kosher salt and warmed the mixture in 1/2 gal. of water, then let cool, before adding the remaining 1.5 gal. I brined for 10-12 hours, rinsed, stuffed the cavity with a large onion and 2 lemons (halved), then smoked according to Traeger's recipe. I have used the same recipe for 3 years now and is the best!You will need to rinse off the brine very well or the turkey will be salty (the recipe says it, so do it!). I've brined turkeys for years. Rinse the brine off the turkey before cooking(be sure to sanitize your work surfaces). It took me one extra salty turkey one Thanksgiving to learn that.After a thorough rinse inside and out, rub the turkey with unsalted butter and add celery, apples and onions to the cavity. Salt problem solved. I've had perfect turkeys ever since.I'm not sure why the recipe authors and cooks don't add this simple step to instructions.
