The Ultimate Pasta Salad
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/85933/the-ultimate-pasta-salad/
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Place pasta in the pot; cook until al dente, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and transfer to a bowl. Cover and chill in the refrigerator for 1 hour. Toss chilled pasta with broccoli, cauliflower, red onion, garlic, pepperoni, mozzarella cheese, olives, olive oil, and red wine vinegar. Season with salt, pepper, and Italian seasoning. Chill in the refrigerator until serving.
I am not going to rate this because it is my own. I added a few "notes" to the bottom of the recipe that I noticed did not make it to publication. 1. I don't normally measure the vinegar and oil when I make this recipe so the amounts are approx. Usually I keep adding a little oil, a little vinegar then keep tasting.2. Nine times out of ten, the next morning the pasta will soak up the vinegar and oil mixture. You can add water if you like to moisten but I usually go in and add a little more of the olive oil and/or red wine vinegar.  added tomatoes and mushrooms but will definitely make again loved it We liked this recipe. Great for summer! I add carrots, halved cherry tomatoes, cucumbers, red or green peppers, celery, sunflower seeds....sometimes I add pepper jack parm salad dressing. Excellent!  I've been making something similar for years.  Makes a nice main dish salad during the summer but can also double as a side dish at a BBQ This is the best pasta salad I have ever made.  I added tomatoes, bell pepper, extra cheese and more oil and vinegar. Easy to make. We loved it. Thanks Helene. This is an excellent pasta salad. I especially liked the addition of fresh broccoli and cauliflower. That adds a nice crunch to the salad as well as some very healthy vegetables. Also, thanks for your follow up note. I also found that the next day the oil and vinegar dressing seemed to disappear.  All I did was add a little more red wine vinegar.  I do like a vinegar taste in the salad.  This recipe makes a huge amount so it's great if you're serving a crowd and it's also nice to have some leftovers for lunches during the week. Also, so easy to put this together. There are many cured Italian meats, pastas, cheeses, vegetables, and olives that can be used in a pasta salad. Seasonings: herbs, spices, aromatics, and vinegars can vary as well.Combine lettuce, Italian meats: pepperoni, salami, etc; chopped hot pickled vegetables (Giardiniera), Kalamata olives, roasted sweet red peppers, marinated mushrooms, and artichoke hearts. Imagine. Create. Experiment. “A recipe has no soul. You, as the cook, must bring soul to the recipe.” ~Thomas KellerVivere, Amare, Ridere e Mangiare Bene! Translates to: To Live, To Love, To Laugh and To Eat Well! Buon Appetito! Translates to: Good appetite!
