Jaeger Schnitzel
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/85935/jaeger-schnitzel/
Pound out cubed pork, and cut in half. Heat oil in a large skillet or Dutch oven over medium heat. Dip pork in egg, then bread crumbs, and place in hot oil. Cook, turning, until golden brown. Remove to a warm plate. Prepare gravy mix according to package directions. Stir in mushrooms, and cook with gravy. Meanwhile, bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add the egg noodles, and cook until al dente, about 8 to 10 minutes; drain. Serve pork over noodles and smother with gravy.
I have been living in germany the past 17 years...a "schnitzel" is not cut up in pieces... it is 1 whole piece of meat ... mostly pork. you can also use a cicken breast... you pound the meat so its thin. you bread it with flour, egg, breadcrumbsfry it in the pan... and the mushroom sauce is right... it comes on top of the "schnitzel" and you serve mashed potatoes and veggies with it. this here is also a german dish tho.... you call it "geschnetzeltes" which means something like "chopped up" and they serve it with rice instead of noodles. its still a good recipie.... just for somone who really wants to have the "german feeling" will get a wrong impression.....  My x is German and she’s a wonderful cook. I see some comments are asking for a bit more flavor to the schnitzel. Cut the fat off the cutlets and pound out. Spread Dijon mustard and paprika on both sides. Cover with flour and shake off excess, dip in egg wash and cover with breadcrumbs. Cook in olive oil. The rest of the recipe will complement well, noodles or mashed potatoes it doesn’t matter. I've made Schnitzel many times. I was taught how to make it by my native German friend in Germany.  I suggest using Italian seasoned breadcrumbs such as Progresso. That tastes better than plain breadcrumbs. OR you can season plain breadcrumbs also.The noodles generally served with this (and the photo shows)  spaetzle.I love this dish, but it is a bit time consuming if you make the  spaetzle and Schnitzel for the same meal.  I find spaetzle difficult to make, and timing it to be ready the same time as the Schnitzel is tricky.  Sweet and Sour Red Cabbage (also shown in photo) are traditionally served with it. Thought it was greatEasy to follow. Family loved it... Good easy recipe but needs salt pepper and other seasonings in the breadcrumbs or pre-season meat’s would have made it better as for mushroom gravy…don’t chop mushrooms slice them and you’ll only need 1/2 pound of them. It's good. I made about a half recipe. I used a pork blade chop. I would recommend loin - it would taste better. Gravy didn't thicken. I would recommend ready made gravy in a jar. Haven't had Jager schnitzel since I was stationed in Germany in the 80s. This was really good, but I have two minor suggestions. First, you don't need that much egg noodles. Second, more gravy. I'd probably try doubling It, though that may be too much. (Did I just say too much gravy???)This was delicious! Keeper. looove it. I rated it 4 because I deviated a bit. 1st and most important, cubed does not mean chop into cubes. have butcher run pork chop through cubing/tenderiser machine 2 or 3 times. salt and pepper both side, wrap and marinate in fridge for a couple days. I used jared mushroom gravy instead of powdered. 2nd, I coated meat in bread crumbs then egg and again coated bread crumbs. let them set for a couple minutes and I promise you they will melt in your mouth!!! 3rd, remember, serving over rice or noodles read cook times on everything to ensure it's all done at the same time and hot. BTW, my pork chops where soooo tender cut with a fork In response to Jennabanana...cubing is a tenderizing process and the little indents from the mallet make the steak “cubed”. The meat isn’t cut into cubes. I too lived in Germany for almost 20 years and cubing is a standard process in making schnitzel. I like the time saver of using condensed soup instead of dry package, but both are nice shortcuts. I cook "schnitzel" often with tougher cuts. For all the "critics" out there that might be interested (?) schnitzel translates basically to "meat with a crust". Some might call beef a chicken fried steak, or breaded cutlet or just plain good food. thanks for the recipe.
