Easy Chicken Pot Pie
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8618/easy-chicken-pot-pie/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Combine chicken, mixed vegetables, condensed soup, and milk in a bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour the mixture into the bottom pie crust. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cover with second crust. Seal the edges and poke holes in top crust. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until crust is golden brown, about 30 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Comfort food at it's best! This dish is very hearty, easy to make, and keeps well in the fridge. I started with the refridgerated pie crusts, not the frozen, and cooked the bottom crust in my pie plate for about 10 minutes on 350 degrees. This ensures no sog in the final product. While this is baking I mixed all other ingredients together making the following substitutions:(1) Use frozen mixed vegetables or peas/carrots mixture in lieu of the canned (fresher flavor). Microwave them for half the time the instructions on the bag indicate to prepare them.(2) Omit the milk and use 1 can of your favorite cream soup (I use chicken) and another can of the 98% fat free cream soup to cut calories (broccoli and mushroom work very well).(3) Add additional spices to liven up the flavor: rosemary, poultry seasoning, salt & pepper, and a few dashes of hot sauce. (The hot sauce will not overpower or overheat the dish!)I followed the instructions on placing the top crust and baking as indicated in the original recipe and got an amazing result. I've already made this twice and intend to keep making it for quick dinners and lunchtime on the go.ENJOY! baked the bottom crust for 15 minutes before adding the rest of the ingredients. Used chicken gravy instead of the soup. Otherwise, it was perfect as written! Loved this!I used rosemary and garlic rotisserie chicken and frozen mixed vegetables.In addition to the cream of chicken soup I added a can of cream of onion soup instead of milk,  and added a little ground sea salt, ground black pepper, and garlic powder. I also used refrigerated pie crust.Needed to bake for about 40 minutes instead of 30.Will definitely make again! I had roasted a whole chicken the other night, one that was too big to cook in my rotisserie cooker, in the oven. I had a lot left over and I knew I needed to come up with something that would use a bunch. I searched the internet for a pot pie recipe, I don't know why allrecipes didn't pop up until today!I had made gravy from the drippings of roasting the bird, so I used that instead of the soup. I diced the thighs and some of the breast to make 2 cups of meat, and added like a 1/3 c of white wine to the gravy and let it cook down for 10 minutes  before adding the meat and veggies. I too added poultry seasoning, celery seed, garlic powder, and fresh ground pepper. I also baked the bottom crust for 10 minutes in a glass pie pan on a pizza stone. After filling the bottom crust with the mixture and covering with the top crust, I brushed it with milk and baked it at 350 degrees for 50 minutes. The crust was prefect. My daughter made this for us. Bake 1 refrigerated pie crust on a pizza pan lined w/foil  @ 350 F for 10-12 min.  Saute and cut up 1 chicken breast in a little olive oil, add frozen mixed soup vegatables or mixed vegatables, some diced potatoes(2), and the can of cream of chicken soup. Add 1/2 c half and half and 1/2 c chicken broth. Simmer 15 min.  Cut pie crust int 1 1/2" squares. Serve in large bowls; sprinkle pie crust squares on the top. Yum! this can be made in one pan! Yum! We use frozen pie shells thawed, pre bake for 10 mins, frozen mixed veggies cooked half way in micro.  Preheat all ingredients in stock pot to reduce time in oven then instead of another pie shell on top, we used crescent rolls.  Also did lots of extra seasonings to our liking as this recipe we've done without is pretty bland.
