Szechwan Shrimp
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/86230/szechwan-shrimp/
Stir together water, ketchup, soy sauce, cornstarch, honey, crushed red pepper, and ground ginger in a small bowl until combined. Set aside. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir green onions and garlic in hot oil until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Stir in cooked shrimp; toss to coat with oil. Pour in ketchup mixture. Cook and stir until sauce is bubbly and thickened.
You have to give anything this fast, healthy and so full of flavor a 5. Note this isn't a recipe for small children or others with a tongue that can't handle heat. I'd cut back on the red pepper quite a bit if you want to achieve that. For me, however, the recipes worked perfectly as is. As others suggested I doubled the ingredients for the sauce and it's worth noting that this great sauce can be made well in advance, heck, keeping some in the fridge handy for those days you just don't fee like cooking.  My family loves this one! I triple the sauce and add green and yellow peppers. Or whatever colors I have on hand. Absolutely delicious! I used a pound of raw peeled and deveined shrimp. Cooked them with the sauce. Did not have honey. It was very good and easy to make. Might use more scallions next time and maybe a few more red pepper flakes. But definitely will make it again. Tasty. Easy to make. I doubled up the sauce. I did the recipe as it was written. Very delicious. This is a keeper for sure. Easy and excellent dish.   I doubled the sauce and added snow peas and pineapple.  The pineapple in particular really added to the dish. I doubled the sauce because looking at it didn't seem like enough, glad I did.  I didn't change anything except doubling the sauce. So delicious!!  I'll be making this again and add chicken and or a vegetable to it too.  I couldn't get enough of it!!  THANK YOU! So delicious! I added some fresh pineapple I had on hand.  Perfect combination of sweet/spicy! Tasty!!!! My husband really liked it. I increased the sauce ingredients by half and added a bag of thawed stir fry vegetables.
