Yakisoba Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8628/yakisoba-chicken/
In a large skillet combine sesame oil, canola oil and chili paste; stir-fry 30 seconds. Add garlic and stir fry an additional 30 seconds. Add chicken and 1/4 cup of the soy sauce and stir fry until chicken is no longer pink, about 5 minutes. Remove mixture from pan, set aside, and keep warm. In the emptied pan combine the onion, cabbage, and carrots. Stir-fry until cabbage begins to wilt, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the remaining soy sauce, cooked noodles, and the chicken mixture to pan and mix to blend. Serve and enjoy!
I used traditional tonkatsu (yakisoba) sauce for this instead of making the sauce from scratch and it was awesome - made by Kikkoman and found at my regular grocery store. I also added fresh grated ginger, minced garlic, and a few dashes of soy sauce instead of a whole 1/2 cup. For extra veggies we threw in bean sprouts and mushrooms. We added a dash of crushed red pepper for a little kick - this was very tasty and cooked nicely in my wok! Try the tonkatsu sauce - it will definitely give you the yakisoba flavor you are looking for! Made it as in the recipe. Everyone in the family loved it - even the picky eaters - and said I should make it again. Unbearably salty. I realized this while it was cooking, so I added some honey to counteract the salt and it ended up being edible. Just as described. My whole family loved it! Flavorful and a good mix of veggies. Will definitely be making this again! Things I’ve made one of the most horror recipes I’ve made in a while. So so salty and that’s all you could taste never ever. Delicious! First time making Yakisoba. I added honey and ginger with the soy sauce. I also marinated the chicken with a 1/2 tsp of sesame oil, 1 tbp of olive oil (you can also use canola ), eyeballed the following seasonings: garlic powder, onion salt, ginger, red pepper flakes,  & black pepper. Chicken tasted delicious!!! :-) It was ok Added honey to the chili paste and ginger to the chicken and it was delicious. This has easily turned out to be one of our family favorites. 4 stars only because it’s so spicy (for someone who doesn’t care too much for spicy foods). Next time I will only put a TBLS or less of chili paste. What a wonderful dish! I wanted something different today, and this fit the bill. It has a nice bite to it!! The only thing I did differently was I used a box of Japanese Ramen Noodles for the noodles. I also cooked everything double the time stated..I like my cabbage and carrots cooked til soft, that's just me.
