Vegetarian Meatloaf
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/86297/vegetarian-meatloaf/
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9x5-inch loaf pan. Combine 1/2 of the BBQ sauce, vegetarian burger crumbles, green bell pepper, onion, garlic, bread crumbs, Parmesan cheese, and beaten egg in a large bowl. Season with thyme, basil, parsley, salt, and pepper. Transfer mixture into the prepared loaf pan. Bake in the preheated oven for 45 minutes. Pour remaining BBQ sauce over the loaf, and continue baking until loaf is set, about 15 minutes more.
This recipe was wonderful! I used ketchup instead of BBQ sauce and it tasted just like my hamburger meatloaf. Thanks! We have recently become vegetarian and were just craving something like this! we use the brand "impossible" meat,( or you can also use "Beyond beef."  instead of the crumble that you suggest, its perfect just like regular hamburger, we never use " MEAT " Hamburger meat again! I used catchup instead of BBQ sauce. I also used Panko or Italian bread crumbs. I've made this many times.  I use sweet and tangy BBQ sauce - sometimes  completely and sometimes half-and-half with ketchup.  I also add a teaspoon of honey mustard to the 2nd half of BBQ sauce that goes on top. Other than that, I follow all the directions completely and I don't find it mushy;  it's good alone or as a sandwich. So Delicious I couldn’t find the meatless crumbles. So I used veggie patties..  I will try again.  TASTED great. But, way too mucky.  Paired with mashed cauliflower. Based on the reviews, I made the following modifications. The end result was very tasty and had a good texture. First, I used chopped up Boca burgers (6 patties), because that was what was available. Second, I chopped the pepper and onion fine. Third, I used 1 cup of dry bread crumbs, instead of 1/2 c soft. Fourth, I used 2 eggs instead of 1. Fifth, I used a combination of BBQ and ketchup (using up leftovers) with the ratio weighted toward ketchup. The combo was good, but if I had to choose, I'd go with all ketchup over all BBQ. Sixth, instead of baking in a loaf pan, I baked in a jumbo muffin tin. It made six individual servings. Last, adjusting for the different tin, I baked for 30 minutes at 375, then added the topping sauce and baked another 10 minutes. It held together well and had excellent flavor. We are veggies that hate how everything that mimics meat, is mushy and soft.  Don't get why meat eaters think this is ok.  Anywho...Double the bake time to get a firm meatloaf. After years of trying to find a good vegetarian meatloaf, I found it with this one! It is a great substitute for the carnivorous version. I make it regularly. I do use ketchup instead of barbecue sauce, because that was the traditional way I had it growing up. And I leave out the green bell pepper because I just don't like it. I used ketchup instead of barbecue sauce
