Yeast Dumplings
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/86323/yeast-dumplings/
Place milk and butter in a small saucepan, and simmer over medium heat until butter melts. Remove from the heat and allow to cool. Dissolve the yeast in the warm water placed in a small bowl. Set aside. Combine the eggs, sugar, and salt in a large mixing bowl, and mix until thoroughly blended. Gradually stir in the flour, alternating with milk and yeast mixtures. Gather the dough into a ball. Cover the bowl with a cloth, and let the dough rest 20 minutes. Pour the chicken broth into a large pot. Bring broth to a boil over medium-high heat. Meanwhile, sprinkle flour over a clean board or countertop. Turn the dough out onto the board and knead lightly until smooth and satiny, about 3 minutes. Add a little more flour if the dough is sticky. Roll out the dough to be about 1/2 inch thick. Use a butter knife to cut dough into 2 inch wide strips, and place strips into the boiling broth. Dumplings will initially sink, then rise to the surface when cooked, about 10 minutes. Remove dumplings from the broth with a slotted spoon, and drain on a plate.
This was EXACTLY what I was looking for. I cannot tell you how much I despise those flat long dumplings. I like the plump, dense ones and this recipe was perfect. I followed the directions as given and just threw the dumplings into my chicken and soup I had almost cooked. Finished cooking for about 10min with the dumplings, they rose to the top and it was beautiful! I will use this recipe for chicken and dumplings every time! It's true that this recipe does taste like grandma's dumplings, but too much sugar.  I could taste the sweetness slightly in them and that I could have done without, but it wasn't the worst.  When I make them again I'd be sure to either eliminate the sugar or just use a small amount.  Although I like the flavor of the dumplings just plain, they'd probably be good adding dried herbs to them like dried chives and onion powder too.   I felt it was a simple recipe & I'm going to make it again, make sure to roll and cut them as instructed, I made mine into balls and I remembered later that's not at all how these kind are made based on soups I've had with them in, were a little dry in the center but fine the next day.  I made them separately, then added them to chicken vegetable soup, was very good. Way wayyyy to sweet and there was no where near enough salt in these. I had to throw them out and remake them with different amounts because who wants a sweet dumpling with chicken stew?!?I would suggest doing 1 tbsp of salt and 2 tbsp sugar, much better ratio. Excellent.  A MUST have if you are making chicken and dumplings!!! I made it just as shown.  They came out great.  After the dough had risen, and rolled out, some was cut to 2" squares, and boiled in broth.  They were really good.  Another part was cut into 1/2" squares and boiled in the chicken soup, they were really good.  I had a little left over,  I cut 2" squares, and put it in the oven at 400F- they made really good dinner rolls too. This is simply an amazing recipe for dumplings. It does take a little more work but it is so worth it. just be aware that this recipe says it makes 6 servings of dumplings. that's not the case. This recipe makes at least 8 servings. Other than that, you have to try this recipe. I've made it several times and I have never deviated from the recipe and I always get rave reviews. I make this a lot using this recipe.  The only thing I need more of is flour in the end.  I use my kitchen aid to mix initially and then once mixed I use my dough hook.  Once the dough sets I cut into 4 pieces so it's easier to handle and roll out.  I cut into noodle size pieces and sometimes smaller.  The size and shape is preference for what you're making.  I always make a homemade chicken stock so once I take everything out I will boil them in the chicken stock which gives them a great flavor.  This is my go to recipe and I usually will make chicken noodle soup or make a gravy with the rest of my chicken stock and make creamy chicken and noodles for a delicious comfort food dish.  Great recipe!!! Really good. Reminds me of my grandmas. I added less sugar though as I didn't want them so sweet. I also added it to my chicken needle soup in place of noodles. This recipe is not, I repeat, not for chicken and dumplings.  I had never added sugar to a dumpling recipe so was surprised when it called for 1/4 cup of sugar. (recipe for 3) I added 1 tsp, but that was still too much sugar.  The recipe might be ok for a dessert, but not for chicken.  My husband loved the consistency and said best dumplings he ever had, but if I do them again, I'll completely omit the sugar. Southerners don't need sugar in their dumplings. Don't add sugar to your Chicken and dumplings! They were good they really fat then what I am used to.
