Broccoli with Garlic Butter and Cashews
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/86687/broccoli-with-garlic-butter-and-cashews/
Place the broccoli into a large pot with about 1 inch of water in the bottom. Bring to a boil, and cook for 7 minutes, or until tender but still crisp. Drain, and arrange broccoli on a serving platter. While the broccoli is cooking, melt the butter in a small skillet over medium heat. Mix in the brown sugar, soy sauce, vinegar, pepper and garlic. Bring to a boil, then remove from the heat. Mix in the cashews, and pour the sauce over the broccoli. Serve immediately.
This is a good recipe. The broccoli is tasty, but my husband thought there was too little sauce. The cashews tasted great with the sauce. Try toasting the cashews (375 degrees for 8-10 minutes on a cookie sheet) first. Very good. Of course it would be with all that butter. I make this recipe exactly as written, but I don't bother with the cashew unless I'm serving company. All five of my grandchildren started eating broccoli due to this recipe. Some of them did not eat nuts, so I didn't use them. When one of the fussiest of the five tried this recipe, he kept asking for more. His mother finally said, "You can't have more until you eat the rest of your dinner." She caught herself and said, "What am I saying, eat all you want." LOL Now, their teens and will eat broccoli without the sauce, but still love the sauce, as does all the adults. My husband and I are fans of broccoli and usually eat it with just lemon, salt and pepper. This recipe intrigued me as cashews are the only nut my husband can eat. I had 10.3 oz of broccoli so I adjusted the ingredients to fit with slightly less butter and sugar. DELICIOUS! Thank you - I will make again! So much flavor! My family loved this! Just the right combination of ingredients. Definitely saving this one. I am not usually a fan of broccoli but this is quick and easy to make, and is delicious!  I do only steam the broccoli for five to six minutes instead of the seven recommended. my broccoli was softer than i liked because i removed water and left lid on while preparing the sauce.  sauce was not a favorite in my house but is was a change in favor and everyone ate it. Minus doubling the garlic - cuz I love garlic! - made as written and this turned out phenomenal! It was so easy, so good and could accompany any main dish! Great recipe Salsipie! Extremely delicious. It had a deep flavor I never knew broccoli could have. The cashews definitely added some depth and texture that really elevated the recipe. I liked the taste very much!
