Grilled Soy-Sesame Asparagus
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/86925/grilled-soy-sesame-asparagus/
Preheat grill for high heat. In a bowl, mix sesame oil, soy sauce, garlic, and brown sugar. Place asparagus in the bowl, and toss to coat. Lightly oil a fine-mesh grill grate. Place asparagus on grate, and cook 8 minutes, until tender but firm. Garnish with sesame seeds to serve.
The "off" flavor a reviewer described may be from cooking with "toasted" sesame oil (the dark one). It is used for finishing, since it breaks down at high temps. Untoasted (light amber color) sesame oil can be used for cooking. Great flavor mix--simple and distinct. I used 2 tsp peanut oil to coat before cooking, then tossed with 1 tsp toasted sesame oil after cooking to finish. This turned out great!  I wrapped in foil packet following suggested grill time.  Everyone liked it. We paired with Hui Hui chicken. Really fun meal Very good way to prepare asparagus.  I left out the sesame seeds but may use them next time.I also pan fried rather than grilling,  in a little bit of oil for about 10 min and the were great. If my family and I enjoy a recipe it gets 5 stars.  I have made this twice, the first time it was perfect, the last time I found it was a little heavy on the sauce, probably because I left in marinating in a ziplock for about an hour, which the recipe does NOT call to do, so my bad.Next time I may add a little lemon to it for a little more tartness, and I'll give the asparagus a quick soaking and then quickly on to the grill.This recipe is a winner. My favorite BBQ asparagus recipe, comes out great on either the BBQ or in the broiler! I turned this into a light lunch.  I added some snap peas and hearts of palm noodles.  After reading some reviews, I used peanut oil and finished with the toasted sesame oil and sesame seeds. I will bend and trim the stem-  test one, being sure to apply just enough pressure so that it breaks off naturally, not in half. Blanch them- "It should be brine-level salty," he says. "Even saltier than pasta water." Drop the prepped spears in the water and let them cook for 1-3 minutes, depending on the size of the stalk.Shock them- transfer them to a large bowl of ice water. I thought this sounded good, but it tasted awful.  Too much garlic, maybe? Good flavor.  A decent twist on plain asparagus with adding an Asian flavor to it. Very quick and easy to make. This added a nice flavor to the Asparagus, perfect as a side dish for an Asian style meal.
