Sheboygan Grilled Brats
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/87053/sheboygan-grilled-brats/
Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat and lightly oil grate. Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat, cook and stir the sliced onions for 5 to 10 minutes, or until tender and translucent. Add the chopped garlic and cook, stirring, for an additional 2 minutes. Add the beer and let simmer while the bratwursts are cooking on the grill. Grill the bratwursts for 30 to 35 minutes, turning often. Be careful not to poke holes in the casing. Remove the bratwursts from the grill and simmer in the beer sauce for an additional 10 to 15 minutes. Serve hot with onions on the rolls.
Just like I remember it from growing up in Sheboygan County! Although I now live in Lancaster, PA, I still only GRILL my brats, often serve them soaked in beer and ALWAYS insist that they are served on hard rolls. Everyone who has tried them loves them.A couple of additional comments: If they are available in your area, choose only JOHNSONVILLE Brats... a product of Johnsonville in Sheboygan County, Wisconsin. Every serious brat connoisseur knows that no other brand compares. :) Also, a slow cooker or crock pot works great for keeping the brats warm until serving time. When the brats come of the grill, throw them into the slow cooker beer and onion bath until the rest of the food is ready. Enjoy! I only gave this a four star rating based on the “hot dog buns”. Being from Sheboygan the brats were always served at the many summer festivals on Chicago hard rolls. Nothing better than a double brat with onions and mustard. No ketchup!!!! I live in South West Florida now and cannot get the best brats ever from Brockman’s meat market in Sheboygan. However, Johnsonville is about as close as you can get. Only cook the brats till the juices run clear, turn often on a medium low grill. They should look just like the photo above, if they are not getting the nice brown color, turn up the heat a bit, if they are getting burnt then you have the heat way to high. Low and slow is best. This is our preferred way to cook brats.....grill first ! then into the pot.  Very good The cook time on the brats seems like way too much, I was checking the internal temp and they really only seemed to need half as much. I also thought the onions were disappointing compared to a standard caramelized onion - and they took just as long. This is very good. My only feedback is that cooking brats on high for 30 minutes will way overcook them. This brought back memories of living NW of Chicago (although I was born in Wisconsin) and making good brats for a surprise birthday for my husband. We par cooked brats in beer and onions as Penguin said, then the rest went how this recipe goes. We did not add any broth, but I am sure I added some crushed red pepper and we used good rolls. Lots of transplanted Wisconsinites lived near us then. Live north of Philly now, so our best sausages come from Gerome's Sausage Company, but they do not always have brats. We usually  get those at the grocery stores, but some are better than others. And I usually do not use a dark beer, may have to try that. Thanks! These are the best brats that I have made. I lived in WI for decades and never tasted better. I simmered the Guinness and onions longer and put the brats in for approximately 30 minutes, delicious! NO changes! Been using this recipe for 60 years. Works every time. I no longer live in Wisconsin so Sheboygan brats are difficult to find (except for Johnsonville, which I use exclusively). For 10 brats (or 15) I usually use two bottles of dark German beer or sometimes a darker Bavarian lager.  Next time I'll try Guinness or Murphy's. Sometimes I use raw white onions without sauntering them for a slightly  different flavor. Sometimes I will also add a pinch of caraway seeds. Brats are so good anytime, and really fast and easy. I never have any left I made these for an Octoberfest Party and they were a big hit. They were delicious and I want to make them again this October! Best brats ever!  So says my brother who, until tasting these , claimed that the "only" way to grill brats was to boil them in beer first.  As sons of a former Green Bay Packer who have tailgated in the Lambeau Field parking lot several times, the argument was heated, but the outcome was never in doubt.  These brats from FBFitz won the day!  They are now a staple at our  family gatherings, and gain converts among our friends.Try serving them as I do, on grilled Chef John's hot dog buns ( on this site) and watch your guests' faces light up.
