Grilled Bacon Jalapeño Wraps
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/87076/grilled-bacon-jalapeno-wraps/
Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat and lightly oil the grate. Spread cream cheese in each jalapeño half; wrap with bacon. Secure with a toothpick if needed. Cook on the preheated grill until bacon is crispy, turning often, about 10 minutes.
I made these for a party. There were so many reviews we tried them two nights earlier using all the different methods. Here's what I found made them great. After slicing the peppers and cleaning them out, drop in boiling water for 4 - 6 minutes. This will pretty much take all the heat out though so if you want a punch, leave the membranes. We taste tested several cream cheese flavors. We picked 3 fav's, they were the cream cheese mixed with a powdered ranch mix, or mixed with a chipotle seasoning, or mixed with worstershire and garlic powder. (we tried 12 different flavors to get this perfect) Also, I found that 1/2 a strip of bacon was not enough - used the whole thing! And finally after you put the pepper together with cheese and bacon and toothpick - freeze it for 15 min. Then 10 minutes on the grill is perfect. Thanks so much for the yummy appetizer!! I followed the instructions of Babygirl77 -- I think the most important thing missing from this recipe is that the jalapenos need to be boiled, as she says to do. Otherwise the peppers could be raw and crunchy when served. Not good. But be careful not to overcook them because they'll fall apart when you try to stuff them. For me the "stuffing" doesn't really constitute the act of stuffing but kneading and dropping a wad of cream cheese about the size of a lipstick dispenser into your halved jalapenos. For wrapping use smithfield applewood-smoked bacon and grill over charcoal or wood (or both!) and you'll be in heaven. I was sure to avoid the thick-cut options. The idea of soaking the toothpicks might have kept mine from burning -- I'll try that next time. They lost 20% of their length. The time to prepare is deceptive. It takes a good 20 minutes to ready the peppers. Been making them for years .  Make sure to use thin sliced bacon.  You can cut the bacon in half and still have enough to cover pepper.  For extra heat, I add the seeds from the peppers back into the cream cheese and mix well before I stuff peppers .  This is a definite must try if you haven't already.  We make 3-4 dozen at a time.  A big hit with everyone. Way better than you’d  ever expect. Taste packed!!! Added cracked black pepper, garlic powder, oregano, Monterrey jack and cheddar to cream cheese filling. Turned out amazing. Really good, Easy recipe! Family loved it. Tasted great! Changes I made were: I soaked the jalapeño halves in water for less than 5 minutes (it took too much heat out though) and added a half a package of ranch seasoning (I couldn't really tell that I added it though.) Delicious and so easy to make! Recipe was great. Bacon didn’t look the same as if you cooked it on a griddle or just pan baked, but still delicious
