Japanese Ginger Pork
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/87392/japanese-ginger-pork/
Mix together soy sauce, sake, mirin, and ginger in a large bowl until combined. Add sliced pork; stir to coat. Cover the bowl and marinate for about 1 hour. Heat oil in a large skillet or wok over high heat. Sauté pork in hot oil until browned and cooked through; discard marinade. An instant-read thermometer inserted into pork should read at least 145 degrees F (63 degrees C).
Awesome! I marinated a thinly sliced pork tenderloin for about 3 hours, then drained the meat reserving the marinade. Stir-fried the meat over high heat in a large skillet until nicely browned then added the reserved marinade plus some water to deglaze the pan (& glaze the meat!)Served on a bed of thinly sliced cabbage that had been sauteed with onion in wok oil until tender (with a little dark sesame oil for more flavor). A bit of soy sauce was added to the cabbage right before plating. Very nice flavor very easy and quick to cook😂 You could definitely taste the ginger, which is a nice change from a lot of recipes where the ginger gets overshadowed by other more powerful flavors. I wanted to like this so bad. But I was just somewhat bored. I think it's missing things. Maybe adding some veggies and sauce, more like a stir fry. On its own it is rather underwhelming. Tasted fine, though. Everyone loved it. I made it for a family get together.  They begged me to make it again. It was good I added more ginger the 2nd time, and simmered some sake, soy sauce and ginger to pour overtop. Mmmm thanks. Needs garlic and green onions.  And a bit of sugar or honey. Based on reviews, I gave this recipe a try, added extra ginger, marinated overnight, grilled instead of fried... and it was OK, a bit bland. Delicious! Savory and flavorful and juicy. Turned out amazing, I didn’t use oil (trying to cut a few calories) but still turned out great. I’m sure it would be better with the little extra crisp of the frying. Definitely a fantastic, easy dinner! I doubled the marinade. After the pork was browned, I splashed in some water with the marinade, dumped it in the hot pan and reduced it down to a syrup like consistency.
