White Cheese Chicken Lasagna
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8758/white-cheese-chicken-lasagna/
Gather all ingredients and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add lasagna noodles and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain and rinse with cold water. otdash Meredith Food Studio Meanwhile, melt butter in a large saucepan over medium heat; stir in onion and garlic. Whisk in flour until lightly browned and onion is tender, about 2 minutes. Add chicken broth, milk, and salt; cook, whisking continuously, for 1 minute. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in 2 cups mozzarella and 1/4 cup Parmesan until well combined. Season with basil, oregano, and black pepper; remove from heat and set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Spread 1/3 of the sauce mixture in the bottom of a 9x13-inch baking dish. otdash Meredith Food Studio Layer with 3 lasagna noodles, ricotta, and chicken. otdash Meredith Food Studio Arrange 3 lasagna noodles over the chicken and layer with 1/3 of the sauce mixture, spinach, remaining 2 cups mozzarella, and 1/2 cup Parmesan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Arrange remaining noodles over cheese and spread remaining sauce evenly over noodles. Sprinkle with parsley and remaining 1/4 cup Parmesan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven for 35 to 40 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
my sister absolutely loves this dish! whenever she comes to visit from college, she begs me to make it. to kick up the flavor in the chicken, i marinate it overnight in a combination of roasted garlic (garlic drizzled w/ olive oil and put in the oven until it's soft and sweet), FRESH basil (nothing compares to the flavor) olive oil, and a splash of lemon juice. then i grill the chicken for additional flavor. it really makes it rustic. I add a layer of sauteed veggies (onion, garlic, fresh garlic, mushrooms, matchstick carrots, and zucchini). Mine ends up going: sauce, noodles, ricotta/spinich mixture, chicken, sauce, noodles, ricotta/spinich, veggies, sauce, noodles, ricotta/spinich, chicken, sauce, cheese. It is so good! Love this.....SUPER delicious I’ve been looking for a cheesy chicken lasagna recipe and have tried several options. I do like this one very very much. Like others, I found I had to thin out the sauce because it was just too darn thick. But I like having extra sauce in my lasagna, so it’s perfect. I made the recipe as written with the exception of thinning out the sauce. I think the next time, I will use fresh spinach instead of frozen. Just a personal preference. Thank you for posting this recipe. I am feeding 50 to 60 people next week so I will be making six trays of this. It will be well worth it. Used chicken thighs covered with Rub and smoked  for 45 minutes to perk up flavor. Suggest also using full container of chicken broth so final sauce not too thick to spread I think the recipe should be made like normal red sauce lasagna.  Layer the noodles,  cheeses, sauce separately.  Mixing in the mozzarella cheese into the white sauce makes it really hard to pour/spoon the sauce over the noodles/spinach. It made it really gloppy and I didn't use all the mozzarella cheese it called for.     It would make it easier to put it together.  As far as the flavor.....I think it needs a little more salt.  I will try it again, but with my tweaks. Fantastic pasta dish. Really. I'm not kidding. I'm going to start making this once a week. The chicken was tender beyond belief. We raise our chickens, so that's why the chicken was so fresh-tasting. We actually thought it was a bit too cheesy.  If you like cheese a ton, then it's a great recipe but I think it could use less mozzarella cheese than required.  I would perhaps only use it to sprinkle on the top instead of adding it to the sauce mixture.  But I haven't made it that way as of yet either.  But that's probably how I would make it next time. I have made this several times over the years.  I make it as the recipe says with two exceptions…. I Add the chicken in the white cheese sauce after the coating on the bottom of the pan and I mix the spinach and ricotta cheese together.   Mmmm delicious.
