Crispy Fried Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8805/crispy-fried-chicken/
Take your cut up chicken pieces and skin them if you prefer. Put the flour in a large plastic bag (let the amount of chicken you are cooking dictate the amount of flour you use). Season the flour with paprika, salt and pepper to taste (paprika helps to brown the chicken). otdash Meredith Food Studio Dip chicken pieces in buttermilk then, a few at a time, put them in the bag with the flour, seal the bag and shake to coat well. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place the coated chicken on a cookie sheet or tray, and cover with a clean dish towel or waxed paper. LET SIT UNTIL THE FLOUR IS OF A PASTE-LIKE CONSISTENCY. THIS IS CRUCIAL! otdash Meredith Food Studio Fill a large skillet (cast iron is best) about 1/3 to 1/2 full with vegetable oil. Heat until VERY hot. Put in as many chicken pieces as the skillet can hold. Brown the chicken in HOT oil on both sides. otdash Meredith Food Studio When browned, reduce heat and cover skillet; let cook for 30 minutes (the chicken will be cooked through but not crispy). Remove cover, raise heat again, and continue to fry until crispy. Drain the fried chicken on paper towels. Depending on how much chicken you have, you may have to fry in a few shifts. Keep the finished chicken in a slightly warm oven while preparing the rest. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
5++ star rating for this one, Elaine! Your techinque works wonderfully. This plus some tried and true ways, give the most perfect fried chicken every time. Correct oil temp is necessary, about 375, and it takes a while to get that hot. I also brine (soak in salted water) any chicken I prepare and this assures moistness no matter what the cooking method. I have tried many seasoning combos, depending on the mood, and they all are super, as long as you follow Elaine's way of preparation. Simply the best fried chicken I've ever made! The crispness of the chicken coating was spot on. I did think it needed more flavour though, but I wanted to follow the recipe for the first time. The next time I make it, I’ll maybe add some garlic and onion powder to the flour too. I read the reviews before cooking, so after 5 mins hot frying, 10 mins cooler and a few mins on hot again, I then put them into the Ninja on 170 for 10 mins. It took away the oiliness and left them just as crispy. I will be using this method of frying with many of my other favourite coatings in future. Thank you. DEFINITELY 5 STARS! My husband went turkey hunting yesterday and I was looking for a good recipe to use with the wild turkey breast meat. This worked out perfectly. I sliced the turkey breasts into nuggets and marinated them in seasoned buttermilk for a couple of hours and then tossed the nuggets in my seasoned flour in a ziplock bag. Followed instructions until I achieved the paste consistency and then fried them up in a cast iron pot. Since they were smaller nuggets, total cook time was less than 5 minutes. Will definitely be making these nuggets again. So good!!! I haven't cooked fried chicken in about 20 years, so I found this recipe, read many reviews and was very eager to try it. I also wanted to use the method that Elaine described as I remember my Granny doing something like this when I was little. I made very few modifications to the original recipe. I soaked my chicken in buttermilk (in the fridge for about 6 hours) and added garlic and onion powder (about 1 1/2 tsp each) to the flour mixture. Oh my goodness! Let me tell you, the chicken was crispy and tender and oh so good. Next time, I will have a lid for my cast iron skillet and I won't put as much oil in my skillet to begin with. I think 1/3 is plenty. I had forgotten how messy frying can be too. As another reviewer stated, be prepared to have a few hours to make this from flour mixture to the dinner table. You really shouldn't leave a large skillet of grease on the stove unattended. But it was so worth the extra time and effort. My family loved it and wants me to make it again. And that y'all is what melts my butter. :-) Excellent Recipe! Substitued Almond milk for dairy, added an egg to the milk. drudged the chicken let it sit for 20 min..drudged again-20 minutes later ready to cook. Cooked exactly to the recipe including using a Cast Iron Skillet! Insane delicious!!!!!!!!! I haven't made fried chicken in over 20 years, and it was never this good back then! This recipe reminded me of how Hooter's makes their chicken and I love that style, so I gave it a shot. If you read the directions, you know to season to taste (unless "bland" is the taste you want).We soaked the chicken in milk with a splash of lemon juice (homemade buttermilk) and some hot sauce. I used the paprika, some salt and some pepper, but added garlic and onion powder, some greek seasoning, some cayenne and some rosemary. (you can always taste the flour with the tip of your finger to check seasonings)We let the chicken get to its desired wet look and then fried it up as directed. This was so incredibly juicy and honest to goodness, straight out of the refrigerator, cold... then microwaved... still crunchy!!! I'm going to make pork chops with this as my 'starter' recipe and see how the family loves crunchy pork! Yummy!! So...I decided to modify this recipe a little, to make it a little more "healthy." First off, I used boneless skinless chicken breasts. I let them sit in the buttermilk about 15-20 min before putting them in the flour mixture. Next, I pan fried them in about 1/2 cup of veg oil. I fried each side until golden brown, then finished them off in the oven (on top of a rack) for about 25 min at 350 degrees. So delicious!! I topped them with a little bit of country gravy, omg!!! One of my daughters favorite recipes... Let the chicken marinade in the butter milk and a little chopped garlic over night. Then double bread it if you want it extra crispy. Totally yummy! Great simple recipe, but i did add some changes well prep steps and tips not flavour wise. I soaked the chicken in cold ice water for 30 minutes (helps all the blood out of the meat)then soaked in room temp water with dissolved sea salt for another 30 minutes or so. Then soaked over night in the butter milk. Makes my chicken super tender and tastey. I like a really thick coat of bread so i double dip. When frying i add a stalk of celery to the oil, it deepens the color of the fried chicken without needing to overcook it. I also dont use paper towels, i recomend letting the chicken drip on a wire rack, the paper towel although it soaks some of the oil the chicken tends to reabsorb the oil making it soggy! Comes out perfect, with a side of gravy and mashed potatoes what more could you ask for!! Good Lord, this is the best fried chicken recipie I've tried! Thanks for the tips in the recipe. They made all the difference. I brined the chicken before hand and it was just so juciy and tender. The only issue is that I didn't have any butter milk. But I mixed one cup of milk and 1 tablespoon vinegar and let it sit for 10 minutes. Its a good substitute. I like my chicken extra crispy, so I dipped the chicken in the "buttermilk" and the flour mixture once, and then dipped it back in the milk, and then back in the flour one more time. It was perfect! Thank you!  After reading the reviews I dipped the chicken the opposite way. Flour first mixed with a lot of garlic powder,paprika,salt and pepper, then I dipped it into the buttermilk and let it sit in the fridge for about an hour. The mix came out nice and thin and crispy. Chicken very nice and juicy. Great recipe but now I remembered why I have not made fried chicken in 13 years...the grease fires! Have a good DEEP skillet or frying pan on hand!!  I use this technique to make chicken nuggets using boneless skinless thighs cut into pieces that should take about two bites to eat.   I add spices to the flour and to the buttermilk and cut the “cool” cooking time significantly, but otherwise followed the recipe.   These leap off the serving dish insanely fast and store well if you have leftovers.  I make a double batch every time now. This is soooo easy to make. And delicious. Best recipe for frying chicken. Barely makes a mess preparing it and cooking the heavenly chicken. It is so easy that my 12 year old daughter made them by herself. The only change that I really made was marinating in the buttermilk. Honestly I let it sit for 8-12 hours. My wife has been EXTREMELY picky on fried chicken since her grandmother passed. My atta-boy came when she said " this is good", went for seconds and the next day ate leftovers. smells amazing, and cooks well! hopefully tastes good too! gotta be fake this chicken is just too good to be real! out of this world! gotta give this the good old 5/5 please keep making recipes my two sons and daughter love these so much! has the perfect amount of crunch and flavour a must have I put Buttermilk and eggs together,I  always use onion powder and garlic powder and lots of pepper.Also if you have it put some kind of season salt. Also Xtra paprika.
