Four Cheese Macaroni Casserole
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/88065/four-cheese-macaroni-casserole/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to boil over high heat. Add macaroni, and cook until al dente, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain, and pour hot pasta into a casserole dish. Meanwhile, in a large bowl, stir together tomatoes, italian seasoning, oregano, basil, salt, and pepper. Stir into the hot pasta 1 cup of Cheddar, 1 cup of mozzarella, and 1/2 cup of Parmesan. Continue to stir until the cheeses have melted. Then stir in tomato and herb mixture. Sprinkle 1/2 cup Cheddar, 1/2 cup mozzarella, 1/4 cup Parmesan, and 1/4 cup feta over the top of the casserole. Bake in preheated oven for 15 to 25 minutes.
I do it twice in one week. that gives me liberty to rate it twice, you think? Even more so, because my two-year old and I ate the rest of the leftovers and my husband pouted!! So, I had to make another batch of this yummy dish.I measured my spices this go-round. and used between 1/2 and 3/4 of a teaspoon of the basil and oregano, the full teaspoon of the Italian seasoning and it couldn't have been better. More fetta, less parm. And used two small fresh tomatoes again and layered them in between the macaroni and the layer of cheese on top. I found the first go round that if I mixed the tomatoes in, the macaroni wasn't as gooey/cheesy; it tended to seperate. so, the layering worked PERFECT. Try it! You Won't Be Disappointed. Simple and tasty macaroni casserole. The only thing I did not use is the feta cheese (I did not have any) This was pretty good.  The cheese became a bit unruly when trying to stir it into the pasta. Kind of glooped altogether but I persevered. My hubby, who does not normally like macaroni and cheese, really liked this and said so a couple of times.  So that's a big thumbs up.  Reheats well for lunch...as it should because the recipe makes a ton as written.  Keeper! I made this.  It has a nice Italian flavor to it.  I liked the blends of the different cheeses.  It doesn't say to cook it uncovered or covered specifically.  I baked it uncovered and it came out dry.  Try baking it covered. Wonderful surprise. For me, I would add more feta and reduce one of the other three cheeses. I used whole wheat noodles that added a mouth feel and wheatiness that complemented the cheeses and slices. Amazing recipe, my family love this recipe. Whole family including my two toddlers loved it Made it for church gathering, everyone loved it!! This might be my first time baking a meal, I think it turned out alright. Made a few changes (goat cheese, spices), but this recipe was the base.  Thank you! ok, I added more cheese- maybe 1-2 cups, didn't add feta-didn't have any- added red pepper flakes and sour cream- about a cup of sour cream- this was delicious!I also boiled my pasta in beef broth, then mixed all together and baked- very yummy! will make again! I also added 1/2 block cream cheese and some garlic powder....very good!
