Apple Cider Sauce and Pork Loin Chops
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/88123/apple-cider-sauce-and-pork-loin-chops/
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Heat olive oil in a large oven-safe frying pan over medium-high heat. Sprinkle chops with salt, pepper, garlic powder, and poultry seasoning. Place in hot oil, and brown on both sides. Drizzle Worcestershire sauce over chops, and pour in apple cider. Bake in preheated oven for 25 minutes. Remove chops to a plate, and return frying pan to stove over medium-high heat. Stir sherry into pan, and boil until sauce thickens, stirring frequently. Serve sauce over chops.
I made these chops tonight. Whew, they were so yummy. I tweaked the recipe a little bit. I cored and peeled 2 Red Delicious apples and sliced them up very thinly. Then I peeledand sliced 2 onion. I sautéed them in a skillet with a little bit of olive oil, salt and pepper while the pork chops were browning. I also added the sherry to the apple ciderconcentrate. When the chops were ready to go into the oven, I poured the Worcestershire sauce over them and then about 2/3 of the cider concentrate/sherry mixture. Then I spooned the sautéed apple/onion mixture over the chops. I sprinkled about 1 Tbs. of Worcestershire sauce over that, and then poured the remaining cider concentrate/sherry mixture over that. The chops I used were rather thick, so I baked them for 35 minutes. My husband gobbled them up and said I could make them again anytime. A keeper for sure, thank you. This is so good!  My husband said it’s good enough to be served in a 5 star restaurant.  I normally do not have apple cider concentrate so I just use apple juice.  I was out of sherry tonight and used bourbon.  Still good!  Definitely one that everyone loves! Just made these tonight and we both thought they were very good. Juicy, tender and apple-y. I cooked it on the stove top with a lid for about 15 minutes. I also topped it with applesauce while it was cooking and made a gravy out of the apple juice. I didn’t have frozen but I did have apple juice.  I poured the gravy over the loin chops right before serving. If you don ‘t have an oven safe fry pan, it’s nice to know it can be made on the stove top at a simmer. I’ll make it again. Thanks! I made it exactly as in the recipe except for a few small things. 1.) I do not keep wine so I made my own sherry substitute and it was delicious!  You can just add the 7 Up and a touch of the apple cider vinegar if you want. 2.  I  left it in a covered pan for about 5 min. on medium until brown on medium -turned and about 4 minutes after use your instant read thermometer for about 145 degree.To make the "wine substitute" you want 1/4 cup - so, this is how I did and it was delicious.. 2 T of 7 up -- SF or regular 2 T. Apple Cider Vinegar 1 T honey *1 T Asian pink thick spring roll pepper or anything or nothing for this Also if your pork is somewhat strong flavored, soak in milk a couple of hours and  pat dry and then cook as you want. I don't like strong pork, so this is what I learned online.I am 90 years old in February, and still find I like to sub and try to do things to recipes - its fun for me:-) Delicious and I will make again.  I used regular apple cider which worked great with added sherry and it did boil down and I could have used more sauce.  I substituted fresh chopped rosemary as that is what I had available with slice apples on top and cooked with the sauce.  YUM Not much flavour, even diced an onion and fried with pork chops that were browning. This is very nice.  I reduced and thickened apple juice and did it all on the stove, and added / cooked apple slices.  I like that it is quick and simple.  Nice flavors.  I don't think it would be worthy of repeating without the apple slices.  Thanks for a good starter. Everyone loved it I didn't use frozen cider but opted for a nice brand of jarred, Martinelli's  Apple Cider. Followed the recipe accordingly but for two thick loin chops. I did throw in some sliced onion while browning the meat for added texture and flavor. Last minute I added a dash of liquid smoke. I used a cast iron skillet, and baked for 20 minutes, turning half way. Probably could have cut back a couple of minutes for more pink....I did have to thicken the juices a bit with cornstarch. Served with sautéed apples, mashed potatoes, green beans and coleslaw. The Man was pleased.... I loved the mix of flavors with these pork chops.  Like everyone else I could find no apple cider concentrate so used apple juice concentrate with a pinch of cinnamon and nutmeg thrown in. I cooked this all in the skillet, and even with thick bone in chops it required only 18 minutes.  I thickened the sauce with corn starch and did not use sherry and didn't miss it.  The sauce went wonderfully over potatoes. I will definitely be making these again.
