Homemade Chicken Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8814/homemade-chicken-soup/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place chicken, carrots, celery, and onion in a large soup pot; add enough cold water to cover. Bring to a boil over medium heat; reduce heat to low and simmer, uncovered, until meat falls off of the bone, about 90 minutes. Skim off foam every so often, as needed. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove chicken from the pot and let sit until cool enough to handle; chop meat into pieces, and discard skin and bones. otdash Meredith Food Studio Strain out vegetables, reserving the stock; rinse the soup pot and return the stock to the pot. Chop vegetables into smaller pieces; return chopped chicken and vegetables to the pot. otdash Meredith Food Studio Warm soup until heated through; season with salt, pepper, and chicken bouillon to taste. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve and enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
Your basic chicken soup recipe found in most general cook books. It is the old reliable of chicken soup recipes. I appreciated the hint to cut the carrots, celery and onions in half. I had always cut them up in small pieces, and then when I would drain the broth, it was messy to try to retrieve the cut up veggies to put them back in the broth. This is so much easier! When I drain the broth, I place a paper towel in the sieve. It makes for a nice clear broth. I also cook up some noodles to add to the soup. I do not like to add the noodles directly to the pot of soup, because the noodles will aborb too much of the broth. Why do you take out all liquid, and clean pot then put everything back in? Why not cut vegetables up before cooking them and leave in pot? Not sure why you need to take out and put back in. Rinse the soup pot? Why? Been making chicken soup for 35 years. Seems like an unnecessary step. I do take chicken out after its cooked and cut it up then put it right back in after skimming off top of fat. Such a good simple recipe. Will be using it over and over again! The grocery store didn't have celery so I replaced it with zucchini and it added a nice sweet taste to the soup. I also browned the chicken slightly with a bit of olive oil before boiling. No added tortellini instead of noodles family loved it made 2 pots of it froze some for another meal my husband said it was the best chicken soup he ever had Love this recipe made with gluten free stock cubes No onion I’m intolerant used small potatoes and  couple of strips of fennel instead added rosemary and a bay leaf in initial cooking broth took out when strained broth Didn't need any changes 👌 The smallest chicken I could find was 4 1/2 lbs but otherwise followed  instructions. I didn’t put all of the chicken in the soup!  It was delicious and. I froze some. I didn’t put noodles in but may tomorrow for my grandchildren. Great either way!
