Whole Grain Waffles
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/88309/whole-grain-waffles/
In a large bowl, whisk together the eggs, milk, oil, applesauce, and vanilla. Beat in whole wheat pastry flour, flax seed meal, wheat germ, all-purpose flour, baking powder, sugar, and salt until batter is smooth. Preheat a waffle iron, and coat with cooking spray. Pour batter into waffle iron in batches, and cook until crisp and golden brown.
The only waffles I make anymore! This recipe is wonderful. They're not just good for healthy food, they are really really good. Crisp exterior, creamy interior. Freeze wonderfully -- I make a batch on the weekends and freeze leftovers, pop in toaster oven and they are perfect. My substitutions - regular whole wheat flour instead of pastry and 1/4-1/2 c. of oatmeal for flaxseed meal. ( I have used both quick cooking and old fashioned. Both good. Old fashioned obviously adds a bit more texture)Can't say enough good things about this recipe! Try it, you'll love it. Need to serve with something like the strawberries or we love lingonberries. Good recipe. Good solid waffles that don't fall apart and have a little substance to them. Flavor is great but could also try adding cinnamon and serve with an apple topping. My family loved this recipe. I made a batch for the freezer for the week for my kids since they love waffles. I used 1/4 cup of batter so they are toaster size. I made them as suggested first time through. Thanks for a great, wholesome, yet yummy recipe! Good recipe. Loved it . Replaced apple sauce with a cup of coconut milk and flax seed meal with oats ,as I didn't have these two ingredients. Every one in the family just loved them. Much better than the regular refined flour ones. Thanks for sharing this recipe. Love this recipe! Has anybody tried it for pancakes or found a similar pancake recipe? Thanks! oh these were very good!!!  I can't wait to try them with the Blueberry Maple Syrup!!! Yum! I followed the recipe exactly as is and these are absolutely delicious. My kids have tried various white batter recipes in our Mickey Mouse waffle maker that they “liked” but they absolutely “love” Loved the waffles! I put fresh fruit on top and maple syrup.  A healthy recipe  that tasted wonderful. Amazing waffles.  I also substituted applesauce for oil.  To make lighter, I separated the eggs and only added yellows to batter.  I put egg whites in separate clean bowl.  For final step, After batter was all mixed together according to recipe, I whipped the egg whites into stiff peaks and gently folded them into batter, mixing just enough to distribute evenly, but maintaining fluff.  Now ready for waffle maker.
