Baked Honey Mustard Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8847/baked-honey-mustard-chicken/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9x13-inch baking dish with cooking spray. otdash Meredith Food Studio Season chicken breasts with salt and pepper. Place in the prepared baking dish. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine honey, mustard, basil, paprika, and parsley in a small bowl; mix well. Pour 1/2 of the honey mustard mixture over chicken and brush to cover. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Turn chicken pieces over and brush with remaining honey mustard mixture. Continue baking until chicken is no longer pink and juices run clear, 10 to 15 minutes more. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Let cool 10 minutes before serving. Enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
If you are looking for a delicious,quick and easy chicken recipe this one is it!!! The only suggestion I have is use a small baking dish and cover with foil until you turn and baste, then return to oven uncovered. I found this helped keep the chicken moist and flavorful!!! This is a new family FAVORITE!!! We have even used the sause recipe on Pork - awsome. Super easy and delicious! Prepared as recipe stated. I questioned the addition of basil, but did as directed. We didn't think it added anything, and actually detracted from the recipe. I guess it didn't seem right for honey mustard chicken. Wouldn't make it again. So, so Delish!!!  Can’t wait to prepare again!!! I did use Dijon mustard and smoked paprika.  Tasty simple dinner. So this was something new to try for the family but my daughter didn’t care for it. I thought it was ok but my husband wasn’t a fan either. Always worth trying new recipes though! Real winner with my family although I did tweak it a bit. I used 1/2 stoneground Dijon mustard, 1/2 garlic Dijon mustard and switched out the paprika for smoked paprika. Gave it little kick. Served with garlic green beans and mashed potatoes. This is a really simple and quick recipe that is sure to win over even the picky eaters.
