Authentic German Bread (Bauernbrot)
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/88506/authentic-german-bread-bauernbrot/
First, make the sourdough starter. Crumble the yeast into a large bowl. Whisk in 1 quart of warm water and 2 tablespoons of sugar until dissolved. The water should be just slightly warmer than body temperature. Gradually whisk in 4 cups of flour, continuing to mix until all lumps are gone. Cover with a dish towel, and let sit for 24 hours at room temperature. After 24 hours, stir well, cover, and let stand another 24 hours. It will be a thin, light-colored sourdough which is then ready to use. In a large bowl, stir together the rye flour, remaining 4 cups of all-purpose flour, salt and sugar. Mix in the sourdough starter using a wooden spoon, then stir in 2 cups of warm water. I transfer the dough to a heavy-duty stand mixer to mix the first couple of minutes, then it can't handle the heavy dough and I start using my hands by turning the dough out onto a floured surface. A clean countertop works best. Knead the dough, adding a few tablespoons of water at a time if it is too stiff. Fold the dough over, pull it apart, whatever you can do to get it kneaded up good. Total kneading time should be 15 to 20 minutes to get a smooth dough. Place the dough in a large bowl, cover, and let rise until doubled, 1 to 2 hours. When the dough has risen, scrape it out of the bowl and back onto a floured surface. Knead for about 5 minutes. This is important to activate the gluten. Shape into 1 or 2 long loaves. Place on baking sheets, and let rise for about 1 hour, or until your finger leaves an impression when you poke the bread gently. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Bake the bread for about 45 minutes for 2 loaves, 1 1/2 hours if you made one big loaf. Don't worry if the crust is dark. The bread will be delicious and so will the crust. Cool completely before cutting. I always freeze half.
I submitted this recipe and I really want to share something valuable. In Germany, we usually add spices to the bread and they are available for purchase already ground up or as seeds. If you want, take a handful of Coriander, fennel, Anis, and/or Caraway seeds and add to the dough. I actually buy loose fennel tea seeds (cheaper) and smash it up good with a Mortar and add it. It adds a wonderful flavor and tastes so good! I now use a small coffee bean grinder to grind the seeds and I often add sunflowers seeds (salted or not) to the dough as well, which makes the bread juicier. The bread in the picture was done in a traditional bread basket. I put a dish towel in the basket, then sprinkle it with flour (you can see the flour on the outside of the bread in the picture), then pad the bread dough into it for the second rising. Invert onto a baking sheet (I always use a baking stone) and bake! Oh, if you decide to freeze some (it freezes very well), simply put it in a zip lock bag, then when you are ready to eat it thaw it in the CLOSED bag! It only takes a few hours to thaw. Enjoy!I noticed mixed results from different people and would like to say that this is not uncommon with this type of bread. Even I get different results sometimes depending on the climate. It matters quite a bit if it is humid/warm or cold. I do believe (but have no prove) that even elevation makes a difference. So if you get poor results DON'T GIVE UP. Try...temp/climate/baking time of day...changes! This bread recipe makes SO MUCH BREAD! In order for me to fit it in my mixer, I ended up cutting the recipe in half and made one large loaf with it. I still baked the bread for the same amount of time as mentioned in the recipe and it did not get too dark. The crust does not look too pretty, but the taste is good. For the amount of thinking ahead you have to do when baking this bread, I prefer baking with real sourdough instead. I also was not able to find white rye flour at the store, so I used dark rye flour instead and it worked great. Overall, this makes a great tasting bread and I still ended up freezing half of it after baking because we couldn't eat it fast enough. I just made this.  The recipe is enormous.  It yielded TWO huge loaves, even though the recipe talks about making it into one loaf.  I can't imagine one loaf of bread containing 16 cups of flour.  It also was virtually impossible to mix using the stand mixer.  We have a standard Kitchenaid stand mixer, and there's no way that much dough was going to fit into the mixing bowl. More information on shaping the dough would be helpful. Thanks for the recipe! so very good but so much kneading amd time This recipe makes a lot of bread.  It is very tasty though! I let the dough sit for 60 minutes to let autolysis help with gluten formation. I also kneaded for a full 20 minutes the first time. Proofed in a warm drawer for both rises. Made it with underdeveloped start from whole wheat flour. Used AP flour, and it turned out great! Small loaf, will double next time. recipe should be cut in half and done with one loaf at a time. It’s a good thing I lift weights because the kneading  took some effort.?? I think I could have done better job of that due to the density.  I used dark rye because that’s what I had. The crust was very hard the first day, but softened up later. I liked it a lot and will make it again.
