Best Yet Turkey Chili
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/88858/best-yet-turkey-chili/
Place turkey and bell pepper in a large saucepan over medium heat, and cook until turkey is evenly brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Mix in beans, tomatoes, and corn. Season with cumin, chili powder, red pepper flakes, and cinnamon. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer 30 minutes. Add water if you want a more liquid chili.
Here's the modifications I made:Eliminated cinnamon/Increased all other spices to 1 tbs./Added 1 tbs. minced garlic/Added sprinkle of garlic powder. It was delicious! Hearty and chunky with just the right amount of zip.I served it with shredded cheddar cheese on top. Beware: This recipe makes an enormous vat - so use your biggest skillet or pot. Added onion, cut the cinnamon. To start, I made this as written, using 1lb of ground Turkey instead of 1.5(I did not want to split an unopened package). I measured 1/16th teaspoon of each spice/seasoning, the equivalent to a pinch. I did not need to add more liquid, there was plenty. As written this was VERY bland. My husband gave it a 2 and I agree. I add more chili powder, cumin, garlic powder, onion powder and red pepper flakes and cooked a little more and it helped but only brought it to a 3 per my kids. It was met with complaints of this isn’t chili, it was soup and how they didn’t like it and my kids aren’t really picky eaters. family favorite Not good at all cinnamon ruined it Very Tasty! My family liked it.  It is a good base if you  have family that don't like the same amount of spiceness.  You can always add more.  Family also liked the addition of corn to the chili This dish is delicious, easy, fast and healthy  You do have to add spices to taste, but if you aren't sure, 1 TB each of the cumin and chili powder is a good place to start. I wasn't sure about the cinnamon, but it was a wonderful complement to the turkey.  My tweaks: I omitted the beans since my family doesn't like them and I added chopped onions. I also added a can of chicken broth for more liquid. Awesome recipe, just a few tweaks. No cinnamon and all other spices were 1 teaspoon. I also added half of a yellow onion (finely chopped), 1 can of kidney beans plus 2 cans of tomato soup to give it a thicker base. Since the tomato soup was added, I added a little more of each spice to taste plus salt. Just depends on your palate and what you like. I highly recommend though! It's pretty good. Definitely add more chili power, cumin and garlic salt.
