Grilled Asian Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8919/grilled-asian-chicken/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine soy sauce, honey, sesame oil, garlic, and ginger in a small microwave-safe bowl; heat in the microwave on medium power for 1 minute, then stir. Heat again for 30 seconds, watching closely to prevent boiling. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place chicken breasts in a shallow dish. Pour soy sauce mixture over top and set aside to marinate for 15 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil the grate. Meanwhile, remove chicken from marinade; transfer marinade into a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer until thick, about 1 minute. Set aside for basting. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cook chicken on the preheated grill, basting frequently with reserved marinade, until golden brown on all sides and chicken is no longer pink in the center, about 6 to 8 minutes per side. An instant-read meat thermometer inserted into the thickest piece should read at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio
This is an excellent marinade. I omitted all the directions...instead I mixed up the ingredients and put them in a large plastic bag..didn't cook ingredients first. I marinated the chicken for 4 hours. Then I baked it in a 425 oven for 45 minutes in the marinade (per another reviewer)...I didn't bother to baste it...it turns a beautiful golden brown. I removed the ginger before baking. Also, instead of crushing the garlic, I diced it up really small...yum! One thing I will do next time is put foil in the pan that I'm baking in...makes cleanup much easier. This is very moist and tender. Used it for Chicken Thighs.  I did not tweak and it was good. The only change I will make next time is to marinate it longer to soak in more flavor. Made me sick. Too much oil The chicken was fantastic! Moist and delicious!😀 So delicious!  I threw in several breakfast pork chops since I only had 2 chicken breasts.  I marinated the meat a bit longer than what the recipe called for (I long a more pronounced flavor) and grilled it to my liking.  Paired this with a lo mein noodle recipe from this website.  We are all stuffed!!! Too much soya sauce flavour My family liked it. On the grill I had to cook it for about 20 minutes at 350 (tempted dropped with basting). I scaled back the sesame oil because my family isn't a fan. I used about a 1 tsp.Duck sauce paired perfectly with it. Definitely try to use low sodium soy sauce if you can. I used regular soy sauce and there were a few bites I felt it was to much. Thanks for sharing the recipe One of our favorite marinades!
