Easy Garlic Ginger Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8935/easy-garlic-ginger-chicken/
Pound the chicken to 1/2 inch thickness. In a large resealable plastic bag combine the garlic, ginger, oil and lime juice. Seal bag and shake until blended. Open bag and add chicken. Seal bag and marinate in refrigerator for no more than 20 minutes. Remove chicken from bag and grill or broil, basting with marinade, until cooked through and juices run clear. Dispose of any remaining marinade.
>>>>>CORRECTED RECIPIE<<<<<Instead of using 4 limes, use two, and instead of using 3 cloves of garlic, use 4. Absolutely amazing and delicious - 4 limes would DEFINETLY be too much.Also - make sure you marinade for 20 minutes, and not a second longer. This shocked me on how much flavor the chicken had after only 20 minutes on the marinade. I think I might cut down the ground ginger next time, but maybe not! I only gave this 3 stars because if I had used as is, I don't think it would have been as good. I read the reviews first, which I highly recommend before attempting a new recipe, and modified to make better (IMHO).  I reduced the lemons to 2, increased garlic to 4, used a combo of fresh and powdered ginger. Set the timer for 20 minutes - crucial point made many times by many.I broiled the chicken then taste tested, realized it was too bland so I added salt and pepper to both sides (oh, and a little turmeric for color as well) and broiled a little more. That helped a lot, next time I'll add onion to the marinade. I think this has the makings of something yummy, but it does need a little help. Happy cooking! I used 3 lemons instead of lime, and sugared ginger, kept everything else the same. I did slice the thick breasts so that they were thinner to begin with, and I also pounded them a little.  They were quickly broiled in my oven. My husband and I enjoyed the flavors immensely. Good idea!  Gave me a starting place!  In retrospect it's possible(and advisable)  to use less lime.  I used chicken breast strips and could have used only one lime.  I used fresh ginger and used garlic powder (approx tablespoon) with quinoa kale and steamed sweet and potato onion side. I made this using chicken breast tenders, cooked in some olive and canola oil in a heavy cast iron skillet, using only two limes. Added some jalapeños for a little kick. Came out very tasty. Will make again. I liked this a lot. I made it exactly as written, marinating the chicken for a full 20 minutes. I actually grilled these over 4 separate nights, so I then separated the marinade from the breasts, and used the marinade for basting. I've had a number of weak marinade recipes, and sometimes it seems like hours of marinating don't work, but for this recipe, the flavors were quite zippy. "Lime" should definitely be in the title - even with so much ground ginger, I found lime to be the prevailing flavor. The chicken grilled up nicely. Great recipe! Very good! I used two limes as i read the previous reviews and people had suggested. I found it hard to believe that 20 mins could do the trick, but this BBQ chicken turned out amazing and so moist! My boyfriend has a skin infection and I googled the best foods to fight infection... garlic, ginger and limes were on that list FYI :) Even with half the limes as someone suggested it was too... limey.  Maybe it's just my taste, but this wasn't as exciting as it sounded.  Sorry! I must've missed something, because this was extremely bland.  Very disappointed after reading all the good reviews.
