Slow Cooker Chicken and Dumplings
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8941/slow-cooker-chicken-and-dumplings/
Place chicken, condensed soup, onion, and butter in a slow cooker. Add enough water to cover; stir well. Cover and cook on High for 5 to 6 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio About 30 minutes before serving, tear biscuit dough into pieces. Place dough in the slow cooker. Cook until dough is no longer raw in the center. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO
Sorry if this get long winded, but I love dumplings. I cant believe how good this recipe is! Ive been raised on my Great Grandma's recipe from West Virgina, and was sure this would be horrible. It was really good, and I just changed a few things to make it more like Na-Na's. I used one can of cream of chicken soup and one can of cream of celery soup. I added some celery tops with leaves(removed after cooking). And just so theres no confusion, the biscuits will turn into dumpling (like noodles) NOT drop biscuits like you would expect. The only thing I would do differently would be to roll the dough out into small pancake sizes and cut that into strips. (The dumplings were just a little doughy-er than we are used to.)A little salt and pepper, and with those changes, this would be as close to the all day version as you can get. My husband could'nt tell the difference! Really good! Thank-you Janiece. used red lobster cheddar bay biscuit instead of refrigerated biscuits! I put in some cut carrots, a couple of celery stalks, and used a can of condensed chicken and a can of condensed mushroom soup. The pastry was crescent rolls, cut into lengths. Great recipe This was a big hit for a family get together. Everyone loved my chicken and dumplings. Thank you for the easy recipe. It was great.!!!!😊 I have made this several times and the recipe is a very good base but I am rating it 5 stars based on tweaks. I used chicken broth instead of water and use 4 cups instead of two. I add carrots, celery and potatoes. Towards the end I add some cornstarch to thicken the broth. After I add the biscuits I turn the crockpot to high for an hour. I put a bag of frozen mixed veggies in it about a half hour before I put the biscuits in. Salt, pepper, garlic. Chicken broth instead of water. kicks it up a notch the bees are politely asking you to add more flavors to this. it is delicious and comforting but very plain. salt the chicken or something, throw in some carrots. the bees want to enjoy this like grandma bee used to make it Halved the recipe but still used 10 ounces of Grands original biscuits. Also used chicken broth instead of water. Cooked for 4 hours then cut up chicken breasts then added the biscuit pieces and cooked another hour. Delicious!
