Slow Cooker Chicken Tortilla Soup
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/89539/slow-cooker-chicken-tortilla-soup/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place chicken, tomatoes, enchilada sauce, green chiles, onion, and garlic into a slow cooker. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour in water and chicken broth; season with cumin, chili powder, salt, pepper, and bay leaf. Stir in corn and cilantro. Cover and cook on Low for 6 to 8 hours or on High for 3 to 4 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio When the soup is almost finished, preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Lightly brush both sides of tortillas with oil. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cut tortillas into strips, then spread on a baking sheet. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until crisp, 10 to 15 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Sprinkle tortilla strips over soup before serving. otdash Meredith Food Studio
Started this Friday morning for our church small group meeting Friday night. The house smelled great! I added a can of black beans (drained and rinsed) and 2 more cups of chicken broth to make it soupier. I put "sides" in bowls for guests to make their own versions (shredded cheese, fresh avocado, and sour cream). Used plain tortilla chips that guests could sprinkle over their own bowls, and made a pot of brown rice. Add a scoop of rice to your bowl, then put soup on top, then add your choice of sour cream, avocado, and/or cheese, and mix together. Yummy and great for a cold night! Really good.  I doubled it unnecessarily as usual, barely fit in the crockpot.  Overall was very delicious.  Used whole box of broth and no water.  No complaints Very easy & wonderful flavor  We used green enchilda sauce instead of red & liked the difference Been using this recipe for years now. I make it more of a stew consistency. Then we use the multigrain tostitos scoops to scoop out of the bowl, add sour cream and shredded Mexican cheese to top it off. Absolutely delicious. Delicious.  Replaced chili powder with 2 chipotle peppers - medium spicy and added more chicken broth.  Cheese quesadilla was a fun side dish. We have been using this recipe for years.  The family loves it and we have had it with multiple guests as well who always enjoy.  We follow it exactly except we just put raw chicken breasts in and shred with a fork before serving.  This works perfectly and makes the recipe so much more useable for us.  We also add a can of hominy and more cilantro for our family’s tastes.  It is a really great and easy dish.  Thank you for sharing it I've made this many times, with some variations.  If you want it lighter- skip the enchilada sauce & also be careful you get mild or hot depending on your taste!  I like to add more cilantro and adding lime juice and lime zest is a game changer. Really liked it. I was going to add beans, but didn't b/c the crock pot was already so full. It didn't need beans in my opinion. Quite filling and easy to make. We put some prepared guacamole in the spoon with the soup. Woo that was tasty! Thank you for the recipe!
