Broccoli Chicken Casserole
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8965/broccoli-chicken-casserole-i/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place chicken breasts in a large pot and add enough water to completely cover the chicken in liquid; bring to a gentle simmer. Cover tightly with a lid and cook until chicken is no longer pink in the center, about 15 minutes. Remove chicken from the pot and cut into bite-sized pieces when cool enough to handle. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix together condensed soup and mayonnaise in a bowl. Layer chicken in a 9x13-inch baking dish. Layer cooked broccoli over top, then soup mixture, and finally Cheddar cheese. otdash Meredith Food Studio Sprinkle dry stuffing mix over top. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until bubbly and cheese has melted, 25 to 30 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
I made this tonight and was pleased with it. Even my SUPER picky 5 yr. old cleaned his plate!!! My husband who usually HATES casseroles liked it as well. This is what I did: I used 2 cans cream of chicken instead of 1 cream of mushroom, I used half a can of milk instead of mayo, I used chopped broccoli (comes frozen), and I cooked the stuffing mix before placing it on the casserole. I also mixed the soup, milk, chicken and broccoli before placing in casserole dish. I covered it with the cheese and then the cooked stuffing. It was good this way, but i will make some changes...I will use more cheese (maybe 2 cups), 2 cans of cream of mushroom, and use 2 boxes of stuffing mix instead of one. My 5 year old said he wanted more of the bread and i agreed. Oh, I boiled the chicken in chicken broth with a bay leaf. This is a good, quick meal. I am making a meal for a woman at my church next week and I will use this recipe. Excellent recipe, I used a bought rotisserie chicken and I added all the ingredients together and mixed well. Then added the stuffing crumbs on top with parmesan cheese.....delicious 😋 I followed this as directed and it was so dry. It did not fill out the pan. Put it in a smaller pan, put way more cheese, way more cream of mushroom(or chicken) soup, and mix the stuffing in because otherwise it’s just dry crispy stuffing mix on top of a super dry blend. Bland and really lacking flavor. No way the prep time is only ten minutes! I added an extra can of cream of mushroom soup, some sautéed mushroom slices, and mixed the bread with melted butter. I have been making this for years. We called it Chicken Surprise. The only differences were, I used sour cream instead of mayonnaise and I. Made the stuffing with the stovetop method before putting it on top. It’s a favorite comfort meal to my family. It was pretty good.  I used 2 cans of cream of chicken soup, but would probably add a little milk next time  to thin out the sauce.
