Baked Teriyaki Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/9023/baked-teriyaki-chicken/
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9x13-inch baking dish. Combine sugar, soy sauce, cider vinegar, cornstarch, cold water, garlic, ginger, and pepper in a small saucepan over low heat. Simmer, stirring frequently, until teriyaki sauce thickens and bubbles, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place chicken thighs in the prepared baking dish. Brush both sides of each thigh with the sauce. Reserve any extra sauce for basting. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes. Flip chicken and brush with sauce. Continue to bake, basting with remaining sauce every 10 minutes, until no longer pink and juices run clear, 20 to 30 more minutes. Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
This is a really good one!!! Definitely double the sauce. Here is what I did differently. Used lite soy sauce to cut the salt, increased the garlic, used 1 tsp. minced fresh ginger. A lot of reviewers said to half the amount of sugar but I tasted it and felt I needed to add more but not the whole amount. Since I doubled the sauce, I used 1/2 c. brown sugar and 1/4 c. white sugar. I lined my pan with heavy duty foil then poured most of the thickened sauce over bone-in thighs (skin removed) and some boneless breasts but reserved a little. Cooked, covered with foil for 30 minutes, removed foil, poured remainder of sauce over and bake another 20-30 minutes. Wow. Really good! Update: I made this again using slices of tri tip and it was great. Fantastic with salmon. I had a large fillet and basically baked it the same way but reduced the oven temp. to 375 and baked for a little less time till fish was flakey. I used Valerie Brunmeier's suggestions (except I used 1/2 c each white & brown sugar) and used bone-in drumsticks!  With jasmine rice and broccoli, my family devoured this! i added just a touch of liquid smoke. otherwise, no notes. I can’t imagine using store bought teriyaki sauce after this. Everyone raves about it! Perfect recipe as is. This is so easy to make and great flavors.  It’s so easy to tweak and make it your own!I use half whiter and brown sugar, fresh ginger and rice wine vinegar instead of apple cider.  My family loves it! The Teriyaki sauce is escellent. I cut the vinegar in half though. I added some honey and actual ginger with a grate. I paired it with rice and mixed vegetables. Also added a little brown sugar
