Bourbon Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/9025/bourbon-chicken/
Gather Ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Toss chicken with 1 tablespoon cornstarch in a medium bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a 12-inch skillet over medium-high heat; add chicken. Cook and stir until browned; transfer to a plate using a slotted spoon. otdash Meredith Food Studio Heat  remaining 1 tablespoon oil in same skillet. Add onion, garlic, and ginger; cook and stir until softened and fragrant, 1 to 3 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir remaining 1 tablespoon cornstarch, soy sauce, broth, bourbon, brown sugar, vinegar, and crushed red pepper together in a small bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add sauce mixture to skillet; cook and stir until thickened and bubbly. otdash Meredith Food Studio Return chicken to skillet. Cook and stir until coated in sauce and heated through, about 2 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve over rice. Top with green onions. otdash Meredith Food Studio
This was pretty fantastic on it's own, but wasn't like it is in the mall. I tweaked it a little and it was almost exactly what I get at the mall. I used 2 ounces of soy sauce and 1/4 cup more brown sugar. I used dark brown sugar. You couldn't even taste the bourbon. Absolutely mouth watering delicious!! Great, easy to make recipe. I cut back a bit on the sugar as others suggested and served it over brown rice. I would add just a tad bit of complete of complete and adobo seasonings. A little heat from red pepper but just a little too sweet. May reduce brown sugar next batch. I followed most of the recipe but I didn’t have corn starch so I used APF. I added Napa cabbage and mild pepper, because I had them. According to your liking, mushrooms, red bell pepper would go well in this recipe, it was delicious!!😋 Try using brown rice and substitute honey for the sugar. Original is still great too! This was very good; the whole family loved it. I added 2 cups of water because we like lots of sauce for the rice. Used extra ginger, garlic, brown sugar, and soya sauce to compensate. Clear instructions and simple process with great taste. One of my go to dishes now. I used a brown sugar substitute to cut carbs.  I really enjoyed this recipe.   We served it over a palm heart mash, which is kind of bitter. The little sweetness in this dish paired very well This was DEEEElicious!  Very easy to make.  Next time I'm going to add small brocolli florets and maybe just a little sweet red pepper for some color.
