Kung Pao Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/9027/kung-pao-chicken/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine water and cornstarch in a cup; set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine 1 tablespoon wine, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, and 1 tablespoon cornstarch/water mixture in a large glass bowl. Add chicken pieces and toss to coat. Cover the dish and refrigerate for about 30 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine remaining 1 tablespoon wine, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, and remaining cornstarch/water mixture in a medium bowl. Whisk in chili paste, brown sugar, and vinegar. Add water chestnuts, peanuts, green onions, and garlic and toss to coat. otdash Meredith Food Studio Transfer water chestnut mixture to a medium skillet. Heat slowly over medium heat until aromatic. otdash Meredith Food Studio Meanwhile, transfer chicken from marinade into a large skillet; cook over medium-high heat, stirring, until chicken is cooked through and juices run clear. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine water chestnut mixture and sautéed chicken together in one skillet. Adjust heat and simmer together until sauce thickens. otdash Meredith Food Studio
I think this is my all time favorite recipe. I have made it dozens of times and all my friends and family say it's the best thing I make! I do make a few alterations though, which I find absolutely crucial: Double the marinade and the sauce, add lots and lots of water as the mixture cooks - otherwise it gets really pasty. I would say throughout the cooking process I end up adding at least a cup of water. You want to make sure there's enough sauce to cover the noodles. I also add several cups of chopped up veggies; usually red and green peppers, mushrooms and broccoli. Thanks so much for this recipe!! Followed the recipe exactly.  Way too hot for my husband and a little too hot for me.  I have leftovers that I will try and tone down.  Would not make again. Easy to make and delicious.I replaced white wine with rice wine Sake or Soju and sugar with honey. Followed the recipe. Very bland. Agree, it needs much more liquid during the cooking process. Very good Came out tasteless for the most part.  I followed the directions carefully.  I'll look for another recipe. I followed the recipe but added mirin at the end. Excellent!’ I love it and so does my family I like cooking the chicken adding a proportional amount of chopped white onions, bell pepper and zucchini cook until just tender then add the sauce, let thicken add peanuts or cashews.
