Beet Salad with Goat Cheese
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/90500/beet-salad-with-goat-cheese/
Place beets into a saucepan; add enough water to cover. Bring to a boil, then cook for 20 to 30 minutes, until tender. Drain and cool, then cut into cubes. otdash Meredith Food Studio While beets are cooking, place walnuts in a skillet over medium-low heat. Heat until warm and starting to toast. Stir in maple syrup; cook and stir until evenly coated, then remove from heat and set aside to cool. otdash Meredith Food Studio To make the dressing: Whisk orange juice concentrate, balsamic vinegar, and olive oil together in a small bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place a large helping of baby greens onto each of four salad plates, divide candied walnuts equally and sprinkle over greens. Place equal amounts of beets over greens and top with pieces of goat cheese. Drizzle dressing over each salad. otdash Meredith Food Studio
UPDATE: I love, love this salad. For the beets I like to roast them (as you would a potato-1 hour @ 450, wrapped whole in foil) then cubed marinated overnight in vinegar (balsalmic or red wine). I also sub feta for the goat cheese. 9/15/2007:Whenever I go to Cheesecake Factory this is the salad I order. Thank you so much for this recipe (its going to save me so much $ to make it at home). The only changes I would make is to substitute pecans for the walnuts and add some roasted asparagus spears.  I made this with Feta rather than goat cheese and added some avocad0. I thought the recipe was very good! It was hard to find the frozen OJ however. Not used as much as before. My favorite salad! Add grilled chicken and it’s dinner. Brought to potluck and everyone loved it! Instead of balsomic I made my own sweet onion vinigaerette. Was delicious and healthy I loved this recipe.  I added a handful  of a salad topper that is a mix of gl a zed pecans,dried cranberries and peppers. I didn't have walnuts. I then found a small half apple and couple of blue berries and a few black berries. Wow it was so good withe the dressing. Will be making for the whole family for holiday dinner. Something that goes well with roast pork , makes potatoes and butternut squash. This has a lot of micronutrients all bundled up in a yummy package!  I added 3 oz chicken breast for a 476 calorie meal.  The candied  walnuts were the best ones I have ever made.  I used roasted beets like a commenter suggested and it was good!  I would have given it 5 stars, but it was a little too sweet for my liking.  If you like sweet salads, then this is for you! I kept it the same and I loved it! So tasty! The dressing is delicious too. This was great! I followed the recipe exactly as written with the exception if substituting feta for the goat cheese! Thanks! loved it as is
