General Tso's Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/91499/general-tsaos-chicken-ii/
Heat vegetable oil in a deep fryer or large saucepan to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Whisk egg in large mixing bowl. Add chicken, salt, sugar, and pepper; mix well. Mix in cornstarch, a little bit at a time, until chicken is well coated. otdash Meredith Food Studio Working in batches, carefully drop one piece of chicken at a time into the hot oil. Fry until chicken turns golden brown and begins to float, about 3 minutes. Remove chicken to a plate and allow to cool as you fry the next batch. otdash Meredith Food Studio Once all of the chicken has been fried, refry the chicken, starting with the batch that was cooked first. Fry each batch until chicken turns deep golden brown, about 2 minutes more. Drain on a paper towel-lined plate. Prepare sauce: Heat vegetable oil in a wok or large skillet over high heat. Stir in green onion, garlic, whole chiles, and orange zest. Cook and stir until garlic turns golden and chiles brighten, 1 to 2 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Add sugar, soy sauce, chicken broth, peanut oil, rice vinegar, sesame oil, and ginger; bring to a boil and cook for 3 minutes. Whisk 2 teaspoons of cornstarch in water until dissolved. Stir into the boiling sauce. Return to a boil and cook until the sauce thickens and is no longer cloudy from the cornstarch, about 1 minute. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir chicken into the boiling sauce. Reduce heat to low and cook until chicken is heated through and has absorbed some of the sauce, about 3 minutes. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
I have done this several times, perfectly following the recipe the first time, then throwing rules out and following only the second HALF of the recipe after. I have subbed, omitted, or added as I found differences in my pantry from what the recipe calls for. I give this a 5 star rating based not only on the recipe but also on the friendliness with which it accepts adaptation. We now use plain sauteed chicken breast chunks, no frying required, remove them from the skillet, start the sauce, toss them back in at the end. After doing it the "right" way I can honestly say this recipe is also perfect the way we do it now, and has gone from a time-consuming Sunday dinner to a quick weeknight prep that my family requests frequently. We have even had it two nights in a row by demand! And there have NEVER been leftovers. *^_^* I double sauce too, it's what I eat over rice now, since after dishing up for two boys, a teenage girl, a very hungry man, and a baby girl who likes EVERYTHING, there's not much LEFT but sauce! We love it. I hope it might save some time for others who are put off by the double fry, to know it's perfectly delicious done this way. It saves time, fat (!), and the individual ingredients each still shine. Thanks for sharing this with us ChefDaddy! Pretty good, just the amount of sauce was a little small compared to the chicken This was amazing! My first time making General Tso’s chicken and my husband said it was better than what he’s had at restaurants. Fairly straightforward to make: I don’t have an air fryer so I pan seared my chicken in batches as per the recipe. I also used three sliced Thai red chili peppers, which created a nice spice. Will definitely make again!! Well, having gone as far as reading the menu and estimating the shopping time for all the ingredients and adding to that the difficulty of putting it all together and the dangers of double frying, I find it tastier--and much more cost effective--to order it hot from my neighborhood Chinese restaurant. I love the sauce on this one. It's really very versatile and adds so much flavor. I've used it for wings, steak, baked chicken and crockpot ribs. I did not use the sauce listed in this recipe. I prefer one made with Hoisin. I got a clumpy mess when I mixed the cornstarch with the egg-chicken batter so I double-dipped with cornstarch in a separate bowl. Perfect perfection! Delicious without deep frying. Just sauted the coated chicken. Turned out great. Turnout excellent.  Served over chow mien noodles.  I couldn’t find dried peppers, so I substituted ⅓ cup Tia sweet red chili sauce instead. It was very easy to make as well. It was good, but needs much MORE corn starch to thicken perfectly;  I'd prep more, and add half the max and slowly more until almost thickened. The first time I made this it was AMAZING. My family is pretty picky about General Tso, but we loved this. The second and third time, I followed the directions to a T, and the sauce did not cook correctly. The oil all sat on top, with sauce on the bottom. It never blended together, like it did the first time. I'm not sure if the directions were changed between the first time and the second/third time, but the sauce wouldn't even coat the chicken it was so oily. Will not be making again.
