Best Ever Caramel Apple Crisp
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/91824/best-ever-caramel-apple-crisp/
Preheat the oven to 350 F (175 degree C). Toss apples in a medium size bowl with sugar, flour, cinnamon, lemon juice, and water; spread evenly into a 8x8-inch pan. Mix flour, brown sugar, oats, and butter together in another bowl; spoon mixture evenly over apples. To make the caramel sauce: Place caramels and evaporated milk in a heavy sauce pan over low heat; cook, stirring frequently, until caramels have melted and sauce is smooth; drizzle over crisp topping. Bake in the preheated oven until apple mixture bubbles and topping is golden brown, about 45 minutes.
I am giving this a five star rating just because it tastes so wonderful!! But there are some serious adjustments needed to make it come out. First of all there is NO WAY this recipe will fit into an 8x8 pan. Must go into a 9x13 pan. Second I took some other peoples advice and put the caramel on top of the apples, not on top of the crumb topping, would recommend doing that! On the bag of caramels I used it had a recipe for caramel apples, which said to add 4 tablespoons of regular milk to each 48 caramels so I did that rather than open a whole can of evap. milk and waste what I didn't use, and it was just fine. With a few changes, will definitely make this recipe again. YUM!YUM!! Apples were good, way to much flour in the topping. Best apple crisp I ever made.  My son has Celiac Disease so used gluten free flour and certified gf oats.  It was amazing! Glorious!!! So good! Just like my mom's, love it!! Made a few changes -I used less flour, less water, more apples cut up and Mrs. Richardsons caramel sauce.  I mixed the caramel sauce in with the apples.  My husband told me it was the best ever.  Also, cooked it another 15 minutes. Loved it!!!! I did some adjustments like adding a bottom crust and extra cinnamon and sugar. I'm going to give this five stars for ease of putting it together. I used frozen apples that we picked and cut up last fall  and caramel ice cream sauce instead of making caramel sauce the way the recipe states for a time saver. It is on our pellet grill which smokes while cooking. I am sure it is going to be yummy!! This recipe was a huge hit with my family!! They even request it on Christmas My husband and I loved this. I opted to just cut up the caramels and mix them in with my diced apple mixture. worked out perfectly for us. During cooking they melted right into the sauce. I also had some Quaker Harvest Crunch cereal to use up so I added that to the crumble mixture on top. Because so many reviews mentioned how much work to clean up, I lined my pans with parchment paper, easy peasy clean up.
