Super Moist Pumpkin Bread
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/9217/super-moist-pumpkin-bread/
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 8x4 inch loaf pans. In a large bowl combine the flour, brown sugar, white sugar, pumpkin puree, oil, coconut milk, baking soda, salt, ground nutmeg and ground cinnamon. Mix until all of the flour is gone. Fold in the nuts and flaked coconut. Pour batter into the prepared pans. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 1 hour and 15 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Remove from oven and cover loaves with foil tightly. Allow to steam for 10 minutes. Remove foil and turn out onto a cooling rack. Tent lightly with the foil and allow to cool completely.
I have now made this more times than I can count! I am always horrified by the amount of eggs and oil in these breads, so I made some easy substitutions to make it even healthier, but SHHHH, I don't tell anyone when I give it to them! I substitute 1 cup of whole wheat flour for 1 cup of regular flour and put one of those little containers of applesauce (approx. 1/3 cup) in the 1 cup measuring cup before filling it the rest of the way up with olive oil. NO, you can't taste the difference. I also replace the cinnamon/nutmeg mixture with 1 teaspoon EACH of pumpkin pie spice and cinnamon, and I used LIGHT coconut milk too. Toasting the nuts and adding coconut flakes is unnecessary. ;) The only pumpkin bread I ever make. Found this recipe several years ago and it is the best ever. This is hands down the BEST pumpkin bread I've ever had! I omit the coconut flakes and nuts and top with lots of brown sugar instead. This delicious treat don't last long in my house. Very nice and easy to make vegan pumpkin bread. Makes a lot, so good for sharing. Made this recipe with one variation. As recommended by Exarmymedic - substituted 1 cup all purpose flour with 1 cup whole wheat flour but kept everything else the same. It turned out very delicious. Was even better the second and third day! Thank you. This will be my go-to pumpkin bread recipe. I scaled the recipe to 10 servings and made only 1 loaf. The recipe calls for coconut milk and I'm pretty sure it means canned. I nonetheless used Silk Coconut MIlk (the refrigerated kind)  just because I had some and didn't want to open a can of coconut milk for 1/3 cup. The bread is very moist and quite tasty. I topped it off with more walnuts. Next time I will try canned coconut milk. Not a traditional pumpkin bread but very good. Another fantastic recipe.  Easy.  Tasty  - I really felt wicked not calling for eggs but the end product was so satisfying.  I’m new at all this baking stuff - I only made a couple of adjustments - pecans instead of walnuts because the other half is allergic and then it just seemed natural to toss in some dried cranberries.  The recipe is simplicity itself A big round of applause to whoever posted this recipe - this recipe is foolproof and I should know! I have yet to bake with as written.  I had evaporated milk, butter Crisco (yeah all gross) and forgot the salt....but it came out enjoyable, surprisingly.  I'm impressed that this recipe I so badly screwed up says to me how good I am done right!!  tbc.... This has been my Go-To recipe for Pumpkin Bread for years -with no change to the recipe except adding pecans as I tend to keep this on stock in my pantry. This is a great recipe! When I remove from the oven, I either keep it in the pan to place foil on top and sealed or remove the bread out of its pan and place on a rectangular dish and cover it well with foil overnight or hours so that it can “steam” , which makes for a very moist bread. It is very moist and continues to be moist on the second or third day provided you continue to cover your bread well with foil after getting a slice. The most moist and tasty pumpkin bread I’ve ever made.
