Slow Cooker Texas Pulled Pork
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/92462/slow-cooker-texas-pulled-pork/
Pour vegetable oil into the bottom of a slow cooker. Place pork roast into the slow cooker; pour in barbeque sauce, vinegar, and chicken broth. Stir in brown sugar, yellow mustard, Worcestershire sauce, chili powder, onion, garlic, and thyme. Cover and cook on Low for 10 to 12 hours or High for 5 to 6 hours until pork shreds easily with a fork. Remove pork from the slow cooker, and shred the meat using two forks. Return shredded pork to the slow cooker, and stir to combine with juices. Spread the inside of both halves of hamburger buns with butter. Toast buns, butter-side down, in a skillet over medium heat until golden brown. Spoon pulled pork into toasted buns.
I pulled 40 lbs. of pork using this recipe for my son's graduation party. I also froze it before reheating it in crockpots. I received many compliments. It turned out much more moist than the root beer recipe I tried earlier. I did serve BBQ on the side, but I'm not sure it needed it. Great recipe! I actually use the juices to make my own bbq sauce at the end and a little cornstarch to thicken it up and serve it over loaded baked potatoes! Used a pork roast...Great taste with all the spices and sauces added!! Really brought out the flavor... Did not add the brown sugar, and substituted cayenne pepper instead of chili powder. Delicious! I loved this! My wife and son also loved it. The only change I made was I mixed all the ingredients in a bowl separately then dumped it on the pork so everything was mixed together well. Crock pots are SO simple - and this recipe was effortless! And oh so good. I used a 6 lb - so I adjusted the ingredient amounts a bit. But no changes. Thank you and this is a keeper!!!! I’ve made this for a couple years now for so many different things. It’s insanely good. I do wrap it in tinfoil and put it on the grill to give it a more Smokey flavor, and crisp it a bit. I also make a homemade slaw for the sandwich which is also a game changer. I love this recipe and so has everyone who has ever tried it. Delicious!! I made it as written except skipped the oil and cooked it in the slow cooker on low for about 18 hours. While I was shredding the pork I skimmed the fat off the remaining juices and reduced the liquid before returning it all to the crock pot to keep warm until my guest arrived. I used Sticky Fingers Carolina BBQ sauce. We topped the sandwiches with home made coleslaw for a real Carolina treat. The pulled pork was delicious!! My oldest son picked this recipe as his choice to cook. After looking it over, and reading reviews, I did make a few small changes. We seasoned the pork and seared it in a pan of hot oil until brown. Then we put it in the slow cooker and followed the directions from there. I have found that recipes don't call for seasoning the meat if they put it in a slow cooker. But, this came at really tender and very good! We enjoyed it. I did not add the oil. Cut down the sugar to two tbsp (we are trying to reduce sugar intake) and added tsp liquid smoke. Lots of liquid in the end. I just pulled the pork and shredded it. I did not put it back in the liquid due to all of the grease. We just added bbq sauce and piled it on buns. Yum. I LOVE this recipe!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I've made it so often over the years.I'm from Scotland, so don't do the burger buns bit. Instead I make it as a Sunday lunch, with roast potatoes and steamed vegetables. I don't need to make (our) gravy because there's always lots of incredible sauce. Always two thumbs up :) The family love this and there's always enough for 2 meals, super easy to make.  I'm vegetarian, but  apparently it is delicious. I didn’t have chicken stock on hand, so I substituted beer. I had everything else on hand. This was a huge hit with everyone and was super easy. The hardest part was chopping an onion. I thought this was delicious! Received many compliments. I gave it four stars because I changed the recipe a bit by Using lipton onion soup mix instead of chopped onions. I liked the amount of vinegar in the recipe. After reading the reviews, I left out the vinegar and Thyme but added more BBQ sauce after I started pulling it apart and did not return it to the crockpot to sit in juices I made 1/8 recipe of the sauce to coat pork butt smoked in our Master Built, I used chipotle chile powder. Just the right amount of heat and vinegar contrary to what others say. If I make another pork butt I will cook it in this sauce.
