Molasses Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/9311/molasses-cookies/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix 1 cup sugar, butter, and egg together in a medium bowl until smooth. otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir in molasses. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine flour, baking soda, cinnamon, salt, cloves, and ginger in a separate medium bowl; add to the molasses mixture and stir until well combined. Cover and chill dough for 1 hour. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). While the oven is preheating, roll dough into 1-inch diameter balls; roll each ball in remaining 1/2 cup white sugar before placing 2 inches apart on ungreased cookie sheets. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in batches in the preheated oven until tops are cracked, about 8 to 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Cool on wire racks. Enjoy! otdash Meredith Food Studio
Yes, it is THAT good. A nice chewy molasses cookie. EXCELLENT flavor. When storing these (and other cookies) store a piece of bread with them to keep them moist, otherwise they dry out like rocks! But these are exactly what you're looking for - easy, idiot-proof, and EXCELLENT. MAKE THEM NOW!!!!!! Sometimes I add diced crystallized ginger.  Adds a little more zing and texture. Love this recipe. I would not change anything about it i love thease cookies Best choice for non chocolate cookies. Family loved it! Made no changes. Used margarine.  Baked 8 minutes. This was so good and it reminded me of gingerbread in the best way (: 100% would make again! Very easy & maximally delicious. The only change I ever make is using pomegranate molasses (an occasional homemade treat from a friend who has the trees) in place of regular molasses. Either way, these are excellent. They don't spend much time in the cookie jar. This is going into my permanent collection.  They're AMAZING. CHANGES: I used one tsp of BS and half dark brown sugar/half white. ALSO:  I left them in the oven for *no longer* than 8 minutes. I used a light colored cookie sheet lined with parchment paper.  Seriously tho... They were even better cooled off than right out of the oven, which is weird and unusual for a cookie. I doubled the recipe and ended up with over 6 dozen cookies, using a small (around 3/4") ice cream scoop. Just go make them. I'm going to make more and this time keep a whole batch just for myself.
