Stovetop Granola
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/93132/stovetop-granola/
Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add oats then cook and stir until starting to brown and crisp, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and spread out on a cookie sheet to cool. Melt the butter in the same pan over medium heat. Stir in the honey and brown sugar; cook, stirring constantly, until bubbly. Return the oats to the pan. Cook and stir for another 5 minutes or so. Pour out onto the cookie sheet and spread to cool. Once cool, transfer to an airtight container and stir in the almonds and dried cranberries. Any additional nuts and fruit can be stirred in at this time also.
Lighter version: Easy, delicious, economical and lower calories...what's not to love!!! Skip the oil and carefully toast 2 c. oatmeal on cookie sheet under broiler. Melt 2 Tbsp. butter in skillet; add 1 Tbsp. honey, 2 Tbsp. brown sugar, 1/2 tsp. vanilla and dash of salt. Cook and stir for about 1 min. then add toasted oats and 1/2 c. sliced almonds. Stir and cook for about 3-4 min. (oats will be coated and continue to toast). Then add 1/3 c. dried cranberries (or raisins) and stir 1 more min. Spread mixture back on cookie sheet (lightly coated w/ cooking spray) and return to warm oven (broiler is off) for about 15-30 min. This allows granola to continue drying out. So yummy and much cheaper than store bought!!! Can't wait to try other nuts and maybe dried blueberries (for hubby). Have fun making this recipe your own... This recipe is SO good! I had forgotten to buy granola so took to allrecipes for homemade ideas. I liked this one because it used the stovetop, not the oven (hot day here). I read through the reviews and did make some changes. I used coconut oil instead of olive, 3 C of oats (quick, not rolled - it's what I had), added some cinnamon in step 1, used the full amount of butter, honey and brown sugar because of the extra cup of oats and added vanilla while the wet ingredients were heating. After adding the oats, I added unsweetened coconut flakes, slivered almonds and dried cranberries and cooked everything together for a few minutes then turned out on a cookie sheet to cool. I didn't measure any of extra ingredients that went in with the oats only eyeballed what I thought was right. I didn't want dry and crunchy and this wasn't at all - just perfect for me! I'll never buy granola from the store again. Added 1 more cup rolled oats to dry the mixture out a bit.My wife loves this recipe. Excellent! Made a few substitutions because I didn't have all the ingredients but the base worked amazingly! Used prunes and coconut instead of cranberries and almonds. Also used white sugar with a TBS of molasses because I was out of brown sugar. But it still turned out very well! Thanks for the flexible and yummy recipe! I'll have to try it as written another time. I love this recipe!  I make it all the time. I especially like that its stovetop and I don't have to turn on the oven and heat up the house. I do usually add more oats  and use coconut oil instead of olive oil. I add whatever dried fruits and nuts I have a taste for at the time. Loved this recipe! Super easy and I achieved my desired results of most deliciousness😋I did however add an extra measure of  oats, butter, brown sugar and honey because I know me😋 and I added all of my extras in the pan at the end before transferring to a container😋 this will last me till the evening😋Thanks so much☀️ I loved finding a recipe for stove top!  I was also happy to see that it didn't call for much honey or brown sugar.  I did do some of my own add-ins, but followed recipe otherwise.  I don't eat granola as a cereal alone - I just add a little to my bowl of Raisin Bran, oatmeal, etc.  I may follow suggestions to add more dry oats next time, but enjoyed the sample bites!  Thank you for the recipe!! 1tb of butter for sure!! added cinamon as well I've been looking for an easy granola recipe to add my favorite ingredients.  this is my 4th batch. the first three i made exactly as written abs recommend.  Twice I put in the oven but will not do so again.  Too Crunchy. This last time I reduced the brown sugar to 1/4 cup. Thank you for sharing this recipe.
