Rotisserie Chicken
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/93168/rotisserie-chicken/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat and lightly oil the grate. otdash Meredith Food Studio Season chicken cavity with a pinch of salt. Tie legs together with kitchen string; then tie wings to the bird. Secure chicken on a rotisserie attachment. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place rotisserie over the preheated grill and cook for 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Meanwhile, quickly mix together butter, 1 tablespoon of salt, paprika, and pepper. Turn the grill down to medium and baste chicken with butter mixture. otdash Meredith Food Studio Close the lid and cook over medium heat, basting occasionally, until chicken is cooked through and the internal temperature reaches 180 degrees F (83 degrees C), 1 to 1 1/2 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove chicken from the rotisserie and let rest for 10 to 15 minutes before carving. otdash Meredith Food Studio
This was a total disaster. So why did I rate it five stars? Because I take the blame for the problems I had. Although the recipe did not state it, I knew to tie up the drumsticks and wings to keep them from flapping as the rotisserie turned, thus turning to carbon. I also knew that, when basting with a butter or oil based flavoring, you will have flare-up. I thought about putting foil under the chicken, but thought previous postings that said "do not deviate from the recipe" knew something I did not. Maybe it would be crispier. When I went to put the second basting on, there was smoke streaming out from under the lid. The skin was black. A lot of the meat was overcooked. The stuff in the middle was cooked perfectly, but I sent my daughter out to the store to get a pre-cooked one. I will eat the meat I salvaged for lunch tomorrow ;-). So, tie the legs, tie the wings, put down foil, and you will probably love this. I loved the smell of the sauce. Live and learn. I hope you learn from my mistake. Updated: Another option is to turn off the burner under the chicken and cook it with indirect heat. (I have three burners.) Loved this chicken, I have made several times!! I cooked on grill with rotissiarie. Made as recipeis stated. Great bbq chickenI marinated the chicken in a little olive oil Montreal steak chicken spice for four hoursGot the grill on high put the chicken on the rotisserie turn the middle burner off and left  The two Side burners on just below medium so that the temperature registers approximately 325°I basted it with the butter and paprikaCooked it for approximately one hour and 20 minutes. It was approximately 3 pounds. This recipes is basic, and most of the time basic recipe is the best well this one is no different top shelf all the way so yummy and juicy. can't weight till summer and make it on the bbq. Easy, simple and quick! Great chicken! You need to add grill temps not just high or medium.  We put our chicken on high for (thank goodness) 3 minutes and it was on fire, literally.  The grill was at 700 degrees.  The chicken is now in my oven roasting. Very dry and tasteless I just added a Rotisserie to the grill. This was the 1st use, turned out wonderful. I made the chicken on our gas grill as the recipe said. Only I used a 6 lb chicken. It took bout 3 1/2 hours. It was the most savory, moist chicken we’ve ever eaten. It beats the grocery store rotisserie chicken. My husband was skeptical but it’s the only way he wants me to make chicken now.
