Easy Pumpkin Muffins
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/93290/easy-pumpkin-muffins/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 12-cup muffin pan or line with paper liners. Mix together cake mix, pumpkin puree, cinnamon, nutmeg, and cloves in a large bowl until smooth. Spoon equal amounts of batter into the prepared muffin cups. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center of one comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes.
Don't add eggs or oil!! Have a little bit of faith - it's an anomoly, but they don't need added liquid. Set aside everything you know, and just do it - experience the miracle! I make this recipe even easier by buying the pumpkin pie filling instead - no spices needed, just cake mix and pumpkin. Make it the right way, first - without the eggs! It's part of the beauty of this recipe, don't miss out! These are so easy and a standby in my family! If you'd like to skip a step, swap out a spice cake mix for the yellow AND the other spices. It's all in there and cuts it back to 2 ingredients total! Love these! Kid approved! Added cinnamon and sugar, vanilla and used pumpkin pie  spice instead. New favorite muffins!! I followed someone's suggestion of using Spice Cake mix and leaving out the spices. They are good. A very dense muffin. My kid prefers them with cream cheese frosting. I did it as the recipe called for, but I also added a cream cheese center made with cream cheese, sugar, egg yolk and vanilla, crumble topping on it made with  a little brown sugar, butter, cinnamon and flour.  I was so good! Why doesn't anyone include cooling instructions anymore? In pan, then outpan, on rack.?..important info...Also, is the cake mix with/without pudding in it? These are very bland.  Anyone who loves pumpkin muffins will not like these. I used spice cake mix and a sprinkle of cinnamon sugar on top.  Made mini muffins, baked 14 minutes.  Perfectly wonderful. Delicious and so easy!  I added chopped pecans in the batter and sprinkled cinnamon sugar mix over the top. The muffins are a great size. I used the cake mix and pumpkin from Aldi. I just love how easy these are. And they taste great too. You can really taste the warm fall spices in them. The only issue I had was they really stick to the muffin papers. so much so that you lose 1/3 of the muffin in the liner. Next time I’ll spray the papers, which I’ve done with success in the past. I decided to take it up a notch like another reviewer did by making a cream cheese frosting to go on them. Wow! They are so good that way!
