Toasted Pumpkin Seeds with Sugar and Spice
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/93408/toasted-pumpkin-seeds-with-sugar-and-spice/
Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C). Spread pumpkin seeds in a single layer on a baking sheet. Toast for 45 minutes, stirring occasionally, until dry and toasted. Larger seeds may take longer. In a large bowl, stir together 2 tablespoons of white sugar, salt, and pumpkin pie spice. Set aside. Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the pumpkin seeds and sprinkle the remaining sugar over them. Stir with a wooden spoon until the sugar melts, about 45 seconds. Pour seeds into the bowl with the spiced sugar and stir until coated. Allow to cool before serving. Store in an airtight container at room temperature.
This was exceptionally delicious! I like pumpkin seeds to be completely crunchy so, I baked them at 275 degrees until they had just a little bit of a golden color to them them. Then I put them in the pan with half butter and extra-virgin olive oil, sugar and waited for them to get even more of a golden color(caramelize). I liked the sweet and salty mix! They were great!  I used coconut oil and pure cane sugar...came out amazing!!! I did not cook the seeds in the pan at all and it still had the perfect crunch...seems like an unnecessary step (from one of the popular reviews). Replaced a bit of oil with 2 tsp butter, added a little cinnamon to the pumpkin spice. Yummy and kids loved Soooo delicious!!!!!  Best recipe I’ve tried yet! Excellent recipe! Yum! My kids loved it These are crazy good.  I used pumpkin seed oil and it worked just great. Followed the recipe exactly and it turned out so yummy! AND SO SIMPLE!!! Made this for an after school/Pre-Halloween treat and decided I better eat some NOW because this definitely won't last long! Not the taste I was expecting but it’s alright. Hubby didn’t like the taste at all and my daughter said it taste like peanuts. I double checked twice.  It actually says six TABLEspoons sugar.  I barely used TWO and it was way too much.  Could do two TBSP with the recommended spices and about 2-3 cups seeds (not one) and it would be just right..
