Amy's Green Beans and Sausage Dish
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/93446/amys-po-man-green-beans-and-sausage-dish/
Place green beans in a large saucepan with a lid. Pour water over beans to cover; stir in salt. Bring to a boil over medium heat, reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer until beans are very tender, 3 to 4 hours; add water throughout cooking as needed to keep moist. Add potatoes and smoked sausage; cover and simmer until potatoes are very tender and beans and potatoes have absorbed the smoky flavor of sausage, about 2 more hours.
I grew up on this recipe. Love it! We cook ours in a crock pot on low. The idea is to get the sausage flavor into the green beans and the potatoes. The extra time allows the potatoes to cook until they are soft. I use canned green beans instead, and just use the water that is in the can do keep everything from drying up. Onions are a great addition and cornbread is a must on the side. I added one onion good Being a Hoosier, this was a regular  crockpot meal, but cooking times are drastically different.  I always use fresh  beans, a quartered onion sliced thin, and a bit of  bacon grease. cook that on high for a few hours, then add sliced sausage and potatoes chunks and cook until  beans are tender. that's plenty of time to get the sausage flavor cooked in everything without turning it into mush. I cut the recipe in half and steamed the green beans for 15 minutes while frying bacon strips. Then pan-fried diced potatoes in the grease before adding sliced smoked beef/pork sausage. Then added one enveylope of dried onion soup dissolved in a cup of water, adding a couple Tbls. A-1 sauce. I then tossed in the beans, crumbled bacon  and a can of diced tomatoes, simmering all ingredients for an hour. Topped with red pepper flakes. Delicious! I have made this recipe many times in my life time. I live in Indiana and also grew up eating this as a kid. It is a simple recipe with simple, but good flavors. I’ve always made in a crockpot on low for 6 to eight hours. If using canned beans, add in last couple of hours. I add onion, chicken stock, salt, pepper and garlic powder to season up a little more. As another reviewer said, it is much better the next day! I used my crockpot and added new potatoes and smoked turkey sausage after first two and a half hours on high then dropped the temp to low for two more hours, and beans were perfect. I added chopped onion and garlic and seasoned heavily with homemade seasoning salt.  Outstanding comfort food on a cold day. Been eating this my entire life - I don't think it's a "Southern" thing as I saw some one state - as I lived in Ohio almost my entire life and now Indiana, My grandmother always lived in Ohio and made it, my mother was born in W.Va but grew up in Ohio and also always made it - they both made it almost always with fresh green beans out of the garden. I don't I use a can of Cut Green beans juice and all We also add cut up onion (I use half a small onion) I've used both Red (new Potatoes) and regular russet Potatoes - no real difference other than red potatoes do seem to cook faster . We've always done it on the stove top in a pot, and cook it any where from 30 minutes to an hour , I have  always started with the meat, potatoes, and onions 1st then when the potatoes are almost done I toss in the can of green beans (again juice and all) Toss in some salt and pepper , and once done I use a slotted spoon (I don't want the water/liquid) put some in my bowl top with butter , and sour cream and devour :) It's what's on the stove right this minute :) I did this in a crock pot for 8 hours. I drizzled the red potatoes with olive oil and put it on low heat; and added just green peppers and a sweet onion. When the potatoes got close to being done within 4 hours I added the sausage. We added cheese over the potatoes when it was all done. I have been making this recipe since I was married. I make it a little different though. I sauté onion in butter then add other ingredients (frozen green beans not fresh) and I add minced garlic, salt, pepper and water to just cover boil then simmer until potatoes are done.
