Venison Fajitas
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/93747/venison-fajitas/
Combine seasoned salt, garlic salt, black pepper, cayenne pepper, and oregano to make the fajita seasoning. Sprinkle two teaspoons of the seasoning over the sliced venison. Mix well, cover, and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Heat 2 tablespoons of oil in a heavy frying pan. Cook bell peppers and onion until starting to soften, then remove. Pour in remaining oil, then cook venison until browned. Return pepper mixture to the pan, season with remaining fajita seasoning, and reheat. Served with the warmed tortillas.
UPDATE** I made these tonight and without the mistake! This is an awesome recipe I will keep on using. The venison was so tender and the heat was perfect. I did add mushrooms to the pepper and onion mixture.I will make these again, but I will be more careful when measuring! I made a mistake and used too much cayenne. My sons were able to eat it, but the oldest mouth was burning! Grumpy "grumped" because he hates that "mexican food" but he ate it anyway. These get 5 stars because I loved them and my youngest son loved them - even with too much heat! My oldest son would have liked them more if I hadn't messed up the cayenne.... I followed recipe except used low sodium seasoned salt and garlic powder instead of garlic salt because I’m sodium sensitive. Flavor was excellent and I’ll definitely make it again. This was great! I don't like the taste of venison but we have a freezer full of it and I made these fajitas tonight out of venison cube steak.  Everyone raved, even my 7 year-old who is an extremely picky eater. The spices are just right.  I didn't think they were too hot and my husband even added hot sauce on his. I served them with sour cream and "fiesta" cheese blend.  What was great is that I did the prep work in the late afternoon and put the meat in the fridge to marinate, went and picked up kids from activities and then was able to cook everything when my husband got home from work.  We will definitely do this recipe again. I have made this twice now. Let me just say, it is a wonderful use of venison. The first time, like many others I felt like there was a little too much sneaky heat with the cayenne. So the second time I just cut it in half, and it was perfect! I would not knock it down a star just because of the heat because I did like it both ways and my family also liked it both ways. I would not change the recipe at all but go ahead and add whatever toppings you would like. Can't wait to eat the leftovers LOL Have made this many  times. Quick, easy and great. Another go-to recipe. I skipped the cayenne and used some NM  red chile powder. I used my stovetop wok to stir fry the dish. I topped wip some Tajin, sour cream and a little cheese. Black beans were my side dish. Excellent and very easy This was excellent.   I followed the recipe, but added tomatoes to the vegetables.  It had delicious flavor.  Will definitely make this again. This is a great recipe. It is now my favorite way to use venison. Everyone loves them and if there is extra, it re-heats well. flavor is very good, but a little too spicy for my family.  i will cut hot spices in half next time
