Panettone
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/9426/panettone-loaves/
To make sponge, warm a small bowl by rinsing it with hot water. Pour in warm water and sprinkle 1 package yeast on it. Let stand until yeast has dissolved. Stir in 1/2 cup flour, cover with plastic wrap, and let stand 30 minutes, or until doubled. Sprinkle remaining yeast over warm milk. Let stand until dissolved. Beat together sugar, eggs, egg yolks, and vanilla. Stir in milk-yeast mixture. Add sponge and stir until well incorporated. Combine butter and remaining 3 ½ cups flour until crumbly. Slowly pour in egg mixture and beat on high speed 3 to 4 minutes, until dough is elastic looking and long strands form. Beat in fruit and zests. Turn dough into oiled bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and leave in a warm place to rise until doubled, about 2 to 3 hours. Brush inside of three 7 x 4-inch paper molds with melted butter. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured work surface and knead a few times to deflate. Divide dough into 3 pieces. Roll each piece into a ball and drop into prepared molds; place on a baking sheet about 4-inches apart and cover loosely with plastic wrap. Let rise in a warm place until doubled again, about 2 hours. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Cut an X in top of each loaf with oiled scissors. Combine egg yolk with cream. Brush tops of loaves lightly with egg wash. Place baking sheet with loaves in bottom 1/3 of preheated oven. After 10 minutes, lower heat to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Continue to bake for 30 more minutes; if tops get too brown, cover with foil. Loaves are done when a wooden skewer inserted into centers comes out clean. Cool on wire rack.
The more I make this recipe the better it comes out. You can use 2 8" cake pans instead of the bags. You will be adding more than 4 cups of flour. 6 is more like it. I have made this in all seasons and more flour is needed. The proofing is a bit odd but it does work just fine. Sprinkle, do not mix. Leave alone for 5-10 mins until dissolved. then proceed with the 1/2 cup of flour, cover with plastic and let sit 30 mins. The milk portion only needs to be dissolved. Now beat your sugar, eggs, and vanilla. Add the milk portion then the 'starter' you proofed for 30 mins. Use a second bowl to cut the butter into the flour. Do this by cutting the 12 tbls of butter into 1/2 inch cubes and toss them into the 3.5 cups of flour. Now use the paddle and mix on slowest speed and mix until it looks like crumbs. Now you can add the egg mixture then up the speed for about 3 mins. Your mixer will freak out a bit but add the fruits and now add more flour until it leaves the side of the bowl. Sticky is ok but it needs to look like bread dough and not cookie dough. Proof, punch, divide, shape, place into pans and proof again.  I just love this recipe, and will make I again.  I did use about a cup more flour and next time I'll be adding a little salt and maybe a third cup more sugar, but it's light and airy and scrumptious.  My house smells Indescribably delicious. This was a great recipe! The texture was beautiful. It does need salt though. The sweetness was balanced, but I like my panettone a little sweeter; so I increased to 3/4 cup. Also be careful not to overbake. Next time I may bring it down to 350 degrees. This was my first time making Panettone. It turned out great & it will certainly not to be my last time making it, next time I will half the recipe. Used orange instead of vanilla and followed THOMJANICE review.  I made it into two 8 in. round tins. Just wish it would stay fresh for more than two days as I am the only one at home now who eats it. the end result was a delicious bread with a beautiful crumb. However I am ambivalent to rate 5 stars due to the lack of salt. Immediately saw it not on the list and salt is necessary to enhance the flavor of any food or baked good.  I added 1 tsp. sea salt and it was plenty. I did have to proof it much longer (more like 5 hrs) but was not surprised due to the fruit add-ins. yeast doughs always take longer to rise when they are there. Also had to add about 2 cups more flour to be able to work with it. I don't have a stand mixer so even doing it by hand, it turned out beautiful and just like store bought. I did also add a bit of lemon zest. But where do you get the oven-safe baking bags? [Sur le Table, for one. Do(ug)h!] I'm ambitious to try making this for Christmas--my best friend raves about panettone French toast. This sounds like panettone from a completely different universe to what I've been buying for years. You know--the ones that are in stores 6 weeks before Christmas? God knows what they must do to them to keep them "fresh" that long. Superb Panettone!  It's light, flakey, buttery and it melts in your mouth.  I soaked the rasins/cranberries in warm Amaretto/peach schnapp for few hours.  Working with the wet dough, creates a lovely crumb and only used extra flour when handling the (thick batter)dough. I've made Panettone I, which is great and lower in fat; however, this recipe produces another dimension of flavors and texture due to the addition of butter.  I used evaporated milk, 1 tsp of salt; produced 2 large Panettone loaves in bundt pans.  Thanks for sharing Stephanie! Wow! Amazing cake. The moment the dough was mixed together...the aroma of the entire kitchen was absolutely divine. I did, however, made some modifications to kick it up a notch*Instead of candied fruits, I used 2 cups total of golden raisins, currants, and cranberries. And I also soaked them in hot marsala wine for 30 min. AMAZING.*Used fresh yeast instead of dried yeast*added 1 1/2 tsp of sea salt*Let dough proof for 5 hours (instead of 2) at the final stage.* Cooked it in a bundt pan so that inside is more evenly cooked Everyone liked it even though it was overbaked. Will repeat. I will never buy Panettone at a bakery or store again.....this has us spoiled.
