Pumpkin Fudge
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/9432/pumpkin-fudge/
Line a 9-inch square pan with aluminum foil. Spray with cooking spray and set aside. Heat milk and sugar in a 3-quart saucepan over medium heat; bring to a boil, stirring occasionally with a wooden spoon. Mix in pumpkin puree and cinnamon; bring back to a boil. Cook, stirring constantly, until the temperature reaches 238 degrees F (114 degrees C) when measured with a candy thermometer, about 18 minutes. Remove saucepan from the heat. Allow to cool slightly, 2 to 3 minutes. Pour white chocolate chips into a large bowl. Pour fudge mixture over white chocolate chips. Let stand 5 minutes to allow white chocolate to soften; stir until smooth. Mix in marshmallow creme, butter, and vanilla until butter is melted and mixture is smooth. Pour into prepared pan. Cool, remove from pan, and cut into squares. Store in a cool, dry place.
I followed the directions (without a candy thermometer) and this came out great!! Cook till it boils. Add ingredients..cook till it boils again.. Bring to rolling boil..then cook for 18 min (set your timers) and stir occasionally. I will DEFINATELY make this recipe again! What a nice change from ordinary fudge! Thanks!! No followed the recipe with a candy thermometer. Turned out great Wasn't sure I was going to like it because it sounded a little weird. But I loved it. And my friend loved it too and has been bugging me to make her more ever since. I made this recipe using a microwave fudge recipe. That is the only way I ever get this or any fudge recipe to work. I suggest a medium 2-quart saucepan.  Also don't let it stand after cooking but work fast to get it finished. 18 min on medium was too high on my gas stove. Next time I’ll go for about 10 min. A little crumbly but otherwise yummy! I have never made pumpkin fudge before, we like the recipe but for some reason when it was all said and done, the fudge did not harden. It was mush. (I was sad) I'm not sure of I did something wrong or what. Maybe it could've set a bit longer or maybe put in the refrigerator for a little while. My family and I love pumpkin and wi be trying this again. I did make a few because I didn't have any baking chips. I followed all the instructions but mine didn't harden. Turned out perfectly and I didn't use a candy thermometer. I also used 1/2 tsp pumpkin pie spice and 1/2 tsp cinnamon. I added some chopped pecans too. It has great flavor. I did a half teaspoon each of cinnamon and pumpkin pie spice based on another review. But it did not set up like fudge. It will have to be eaten with a spoon lol. I followed the recipe exact so not sure what happened, I’ve never had a problem with fudge before.
