Greek Baklava
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/9454/greek-baklava/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F(175 degrees C). Butter the bottoms and sides of a 9x13-inch pan. Chop nuts and toss with cinnamon. Set aside. otdash Meredith Food Studio Unroll phyllo dough. Cut whole stack in half to fit pan. Cover phyllo with a dampened cloth to keep from drying out as you work. Place two sheets of dough in pan, butter thoroughly. Repeat until you have 8 sheets layered. otdash Meredith Food Studio Sprinkle 2 to 3 tablespoons of nut mixture on top. Top with two sheets of dough, butter, nuts, layering as you go. The top layer should be about 6 to 8 sheets deep. otdash Meredith Food Studio otdash Meredith Food Studio Using a sharp knife cut into diamond or square shapes all the way to the bottom of the pan. You may cut into 4 long rows then make diagonal cuts. Bake for about 50 minutes until baklava is golden and crisp. otdash Meredith Food Studio Make sauce while baklava is baking. Boil sugar and water until sugar is melted. Add vanilla and honey. Simmer for about 20 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove baklava from the oven and immediately spoon sauce over it. Let cool. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve in cupcake papers. This freezes well. Leave it uncovered as it gets soggy if it is wrapped up. otdash Meredith Food Studio Enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO
I have made Baklava for about 30 years now, ever since my greek stepmother made it during my teenage years. At first it took me about an hour to assemble, but now only about 15 minutes. Here are the shortcuts to save time. I do let the phyllo dough thaw, but do not cut the dough and do not cover it while layering. I just drape the bottom half over the pan and then fold the top half over it, "painting" a thin layer of butter quickly. I use a new and clean basting paint brush, to spread a very thin layer of butter between each phyllo sheet. It is only necessary to lightly brush on the butter, not saturate. The more wrinkles the sheet has in it, the better. You just keep putting and folding the edges and that ends up making the baklava more layered and crispy. If it turns out soggy, it's from too much butter, not the sauce. Also, when you cut the Baklava before you bake it, use a sharp knife and cut to within a half inch FROM the bottom of the pan, so then when you pour the sauce into the cooled Baklava, the sauce seeps into every layer of the Baklava, but doesn't sit at the bottom. Then, cut all the way thru after the whole thing has completely cooled. Every Thursday I bake something sweet and tasty for my coworkers to enjoy on Friday. I've been running out of options, mostly because they're a picky bunch. BUT... They absolutely LOVED these! I made a test batch and afterward decided to use just a smidge less butter, but otherwise they're amazing! Taste just like the ones I'd get back at the Greek restaurant I used to manage. Never thought I could make this at home that’s so good. I have always loved Baklava but never knew how to make it. NOW I DO... Thanks.    I'm going to but 2 tsp of cinnamon instead  of 1. Just because I like cinnamon.Thank you again 💓 Most delicious and wonderful recipe very authentic. Thank you very much. I used pecans. Followed recipe exactly. Much easier than expected. After I placed the pieces in paper cupcake liners, I made a chocolate drizzle for the top and sprinkled chopped pistachios. Pretty and delicious! Simple recipe but great taste Baklava is turk I didn’t use all the butterI guess I should have poured it on lower levels. 3 layers of nuts. Used 1 package of phyllo. Perfect. I use almonds and pecans or pistachios and walnuts. Whatever is on sale.  The rest of the recipe is dead on perfect.   I've been to Turkey and Greece and this matches what I've had there.
