Maryland Pumpkin Seeds
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/94555/maryland-pumpkin-seeds/
Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Rinse pumpkin seeds in a colander. Spread out on paper towels and pat dry. Coat a large baking sheet with cooking spray and spread the pumpkin seeds out in a single layer. Spray the tops of the seeds with additional cooking spray. Sprinkle the seafood seasoning evenly over the tops. Bake for 30 minutes in the preheated oven, stirring occasionally, until dry and toasted. Cool for a few minutes before serving.
seeds are fuller and plumper if soaked in salt water for at least 2 hours! The recipe was easy and I used my own seasoning of garlic salt and crushed red pepper flakes I will definitely make these again! I love Old Bay and it is a perfect seasoning to pep up regular old seeds.  I roasted them for 35 min and they're perfect. Pumpkin seeds with a kick. I put a little extra in my double batch. They are popping like rice krispies right after I took them out. They are awesomely delicious. Living in Maryland I'm familiar with the taste and relationship Old Bay  has in Maryland homes and restaurants. Yet this was a first for me. So yummy and easy. My family LOVED it. I found it very difficult to keep the Old Bay on the seeds, and in the end had seeds which didn't have much flavor. They would likely be better if the seeds were soaked in oil or butter with the Old Bay before cooking. AMAZINGLY good!!!  I took other reviewers advice and used 2T of melted butter and roasted them for almost 2 hours!  Awesome snack for anyone who loves Old Bay Seasoning!!! I didn't dry the seeds after I rinsed them.  I had 2 cups of seeds.  Used 1 tbsp butter + 1 tbsp olive oil + 1/8 cup of Old Bay and tossed that along with the seeds  in a bowl to coat all of the seeds evenly before spread them evenly on the cookie sheet.  Flipped the seeds half way (approx 15 min) through the cooking time.  Great idea on a twist to pumpkin seeds - thank you! Tried this recipe for the first time Halloween 2011.  My husband, who claimed to "not like toasted pumpkin seeds" all of a sudden had a change of heart after tasting this recipe!  In fact, here it is November 13th and we spent a good part of the day trying to find a farm market still selling pumpkins so we could whip up another batch!  I melted 2 tbsp. butter and tossed with the Old Bay.  I toast mine for about 2 1/2 hours at 300 degrees to bring them to crunchy perfection!  Love this recipe and will pass it down to my kids! I would suggest not rinsing the pumpkin seeds.  You will be amazed at how delicious they are with the pumpkin 'goo' still on them when they have been roasted.  I actually just pull the seeds out of the pumpkin, remove the strings, sprinkle with salt and into the oven they go.  When golden they are ready to eat.  Try it, it is really good.
