Homemade Hot Apple Cider
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/9501/hot-apple-cider/
Gather the ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Pour apple cider and maple syrup into a large stainless steel saucepan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place cinnamon sticks, cloves, allspice berries, orange peel, and lemon peel in the center of a square of washed cheesecloth; fold up the sides of the cheesecloth to enclose the bundle, then tie it up with a length of kitchen string. Drop the spice bundle into the cider mixture. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place the saucepan over moderate heat and cook until cider is very hot but not boiling, about 5 to 10 minutes. otdash Meredith Food Studio Remove cider from the heat. Discard the spice bundle. otdash Meredith Food Studio Ladle cider into big cups or mugs, adding a fresh cinnamon stick to each serving if desired. OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
This is PHENOMINAL! Just perfectly delicious. I just added one thing which is an old trick I recently learned from a New York State apple farmer who's family has been making hot cider for 150 or so years. Thinly slice and or chop up some McIntosh apples including the peel into small pieces and drop a small bunch of the apple pieces into each cup of hot cider just before serving. This makes a wonderful addition to this recipe, which I would say is the best hot cider I have ever tasted. Thanks so much for posting this great recipe. IT IS WONDERFUL! Very sweet for our tastes, so I may cut the maple syrup back next time. I didn’t have any cheesecloth, so I used a large tea infuser for everything except the cinnamon sticks which I just dropped in the pot. I did add a star anise for each serving, otherwise followed the recipe to the letter.  The citrus flavor really shines, and the spices come through nicely. This certainly is a belly warmer, but I also think this could be an interesting iced tea (may try next time). What a dissappointment. Buy apple cider to make hot apple cider... This is perfect for parties - make it on the stovetop then put it in the crock pot and forget about it. Guests can serve themselves with a ladle. I added the thinly sliced apples (great!) and did not use the cheesecloth, instead just dropped everything in. Used ground allspice instead of berries. For Christmas I used glass coffee mugs and added spiced rum to the batch  (two shots per person - strong but good!) and more maple syrup. Guests still rave about it. THANK YOU for this recipe. Despite a myriad of religions and tastes, everyone loved it! ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ Great Recipe, Awesome Results, Nice to tweak year after year (year 6 now!) People love it! Really good, really easy! I didn't think it would only take 10-15 minutes. My mom always made hot apple cider during the fall and winter when I was a kid. It makes the house smell so good too. Did not have allspice berries so I used star anise with the ground allspice. It worked. I also didn't have cheesecloth so i used a pot with a strainer. This was delicious. I made it in a crock pot, tripled the recipe and served it piping hot. Some of my guests added Weldon Mills Distillery caramel apple bourbon which was also very delicious. I wanted to celebrate the changing of the seasons with hot apple cider, and I was so happy with this recipe that I made a second batch. I had to use ground allspice instead but all the same it was perfect. Excellent. Kids and adults loved the flavor.
