BBQ Turkey
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/95158/bbq-turkey/
Preheat a gas grill for low heat. Rub turkey all over with softened butter, inside and out, Repeat with chicken base. Toss apples, onions, butter cubes, and garlic together in a large bowl. Stuff turkey with apple mixture and place into a disposable aluminum roasting pan. Fold turkey skin around the neck area to cover the hole. Turn turkey over and pour wine into the opening at the other end until turkey is full or the bottle is empty. Turn turkey so the breast is facing up. Insert a pop-up timer or heat-safe meat thermometer into the breast. Cover the pan loosely with aluminum foil. Place the roasting pan on the preheated grill and close the lid. Roast until the temperature in the breast reads 170 degrees F (75 degrees C) and the temperature in the thickest part of the thigh reads 180 degrees C (80 degrees C), about 4 hours depending on the temperature of your grill. Just before turkey reaches the correct temperature, remove the aluminum foil so it can brown during the final minutes of cooking. If it starts to brown too much, replace the foil. Remove from the grill and let rest for at least 20 minutes before carving.
I loved this recipe. Super easy and was so tasty. The meat was so moist and this was the best bbq turkey I have ever done. We used a tinfoil turkey pan and kept the lid on till the last 45 mins. We used charcoal hard wood chips and you could really taste it in the meat.  Turkey meat was like rubber. Worst turkey I ever made. This was the best turkey I think I've ever had. We actually ended up making it in the oven instead of on the BBQ, but it was fabulous. It was the most tender and juicy turkey.  I only put about 1.5 cups of white wine but it was still super juicy… This was terrific!!! I got good use out of the carcass (for soup) but also scraped out the onions and apples which I puréed with my immersion blender. Then I added ground pork, an egg, quick cooking oats, basil, oregano, salt and pepper and put the mixture into a loaf pan. It sat in the fridge overnight, and the next day I baked it at 350 for an hour and a half. Very tasty! I first tried this when my wife said our ovens weren't  working and we would not be having a turkey for thanksgiving. I found this recipe and gave it a try. During the meal, much to my wife's chagrin, EVERYONE said that it was the best turkey that they had ever had. That was 3 years ago. Since then, this is the only way that we cook our turkeys. Increased the heat (cause I got started late) so a 13lb turkey only took 2 hrs.  Be sure to check the internal temp before removing.Very moist and flavorful! So good and super easy! We live in California and it’s was poring rain but we made it work and it was worth it. It did cook about an hour faster than the recipe said it would be. I loved this recipe! Was outstanding, and my guest could say nothing but good things. Took a little less time than the recipe said and a lot less of the apple onion mixture. The flavor was beautiful and the turkey was so tender and moist and juicy. Will definitely make again and again and would recommend it to my friends! I used this recipe for Thanksgiving this year...it was so good!! Really moist and the gravy!! omg the best gravy you'll ever taste. I reduced the amount of apples and onions in the cavity,the recipe called for more than I could fit in it, and they didn't actually taste all that great alone but I blended them into the gravy and again, so good!!! Helps to use a good bottle of wine ??
