Microwave Apple Crisp
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/95383/microwave-apple-crisp/
Spread apples evenly in an 8-inch square microwave-safe baking dish. Mix brown sugar, oats, flour, melted butter, cinnamon, and allspice together in a medium bowl until well combined; sprinkle evenly over apples. Cook in the microwave on high until apples are easily pierced with a knife, 10 to 12 minutes.
We went to a playoff hockey game tonight. We just got in, when at 11:45 at night hubby tells me he is craving apple pie a la mode. I get on allrecipes.com and look up apple cobbler and find this gem. I don't have apples but I do substitute a 21 oz. can of store brand apple pie filling for them. I made the rest of recipe as listed and baked in the microwave for 12 minutes. This was 5 minutes to prepare, 12 minutes to bake; it was delicious. This one is a new favorite of mine!!!! 10 stars for tasty, quick and easy (with the pie filling). Thank you!!!!! I will be submitting my picture of this dish. Very easy and delicious, cooked so fast, retained crunchiness!I would make it again, and will! Easy and quick! I agree with mixing the apple slices with cinnamon and and sugar before putting them in pan. Also, I mix the topping with softened butter instead of melted butter. It makes of a crumb type topping. After reading reviews I added sugar and cinnamon to the fruit and precooked it a couple of minutes while I mixed up the topping. It came out delicious! The apple crisp was okay. The apples need more flavor as other reviews have mentioned. I would add some cinnamon, sugar and water to the apples. This was good for a microwave dessert. I added some cinnamon and sugar and some water to the apples. The topping stayed separated from the apples and all hardened on top. I had to break it up a bit to serve it. I love this recipe. I have my Gourmet Foods classes make this every year. It is great for our class because it cooks quickly. After they cook the crisp in the microwave, I have them put it in an oven at 450 degrees for about 3 minutes to crisp up the top! This was easy to make and a fun group activity I made the recipe exactly as shown. The taste, ease and simplicity is great. The reason for a 4 star is that the recipe should’ve called for the apples being tossed in a butter/brown sugar/cinnamon mixture. The apples were just- softened apples. They had no coating on it. The difference between the microwave and oven is that the microwave doesn’t combine the topping with the apples whereas the oven melts everything and allows it to bubble together to infuse moisture and flavor into the apples. Otherwise, this recipe is a keeper. It’s so easy and tasty!
