Best Football Dip Ever
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/96129/best-football-dip-ever/
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Place the ground beef in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook, stirring to crumble, until no longer pink. Drain off grease. Spread the cream cheese in an even layer in the bottom of a 9 inch square baking dish. Spread a layer of salsa over the cream cheese, then cover with a layer of ground beef. Top with slices of processed cheese and cover the dish with aluminum foil. Bake for 15 minutes in the preheated oven, or until heated through. Serve hot.
This was good. I just added the cream cheese mixture from the Quick and Easy Taco Dip Recipe (which included mixing 8 oz cream cheese, 1/3 salsa or more based on your tasting, and 2 tablespoons of taco seasoning together), then I put my ground beef on top (I also added a couple of tablespoons of taco seasoning to my ground beef)and I topped it with shredded cheddar cheese. I covered it with aluminum foil and baked for about 20 minutes. This is actually easier and better in the crockpot! Use a liner and there's zero mess. Plus use a can of Rotel instead of salsa. :) Don’t put the pound of ground beef in, but put a can of Hormel chili. You might need a little more in the can but it goes over fantastic and uses Doritos nacho cheese. Tasty you left out the layer of refried beans...and it's better with sausage. Good cheezie dip but eat lots and lots of chips and serve high fiber veggies so you'll have a nice 'good day' tomorrow. My suggestion is processed cheese, canned chili (with or without beans) chopped green chilies and some kind of hot sauce depending on how spicy you like (or not) it’s good without it. Melt together in the microwave. Very simple and just great. Blah recipe as is.  Need to add onions, chili seasoning, and tomatoes to the ground beef.  Also add a little chili seasoning to the cream cheese.  Make sure the salsa is at least medium heat to give it a bit of zip.  There are much better recipes out there. I did change it up added 3 cups of cheddar cheese instead of process cheese slices it was a hit
