Foolproof Rib Roast
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/97621/foolproof-rib-roast/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Place a rack in a roasting pan. Combine salt, pepper, and garlic powder in a small cup. Place room-temperature roast on the rack in the roasting pan with the fatty side up and the rib side on the bottom. Rub the seasoning onto the roast. otdash Meredith Food Studio Roast for 1 hour in the preheated oven. Turn the oven off and leave the roast inside for 3 hours, without opening the door. otdash Meredith Food Studio Turn the oven back on to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) and reheat the roast for 30 to 40 minutes. The internal temperature should be at least 145 degrees F (62 degrees C). Remove from the oven and let rest for 10 minutes before carving. otdash Meredith Food Studio Serve hot and enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
This is the first prime rib that I have fixed and I too was hesitant when I read the recipe; but, it was awesome. The hardest part of the recipe is NOT opening the oven door. It tasted as good as it smelled while cooking. The next time that I fix a rib roast I am going to put garlic in the roast and put a can of beef broth in the bottom of the pan, I had no au jus, only fat in the bottom of the pan.  I followed the instructions exactly and could not believe how perfect it came out! I will use this method every time I cook a rib roast. Thank you for providing such a simple way to be sure of a great roast. Did not change anything Easy recipe with ingredients on hand. It is tasty and tender. Serve warm with natural gravy and add whatever vegetables you like to have with it. Leftovers make great sandwiches (if there are any leftovers! love it Was so easy and so good.i never cooked it for the last 30 minutes. I just took it out and let it sit for awhile. Was a  perfect medium rare. Followed the recipe to a T.  This was better than any prime rib that I've had in the restaurant and it was the easiest main dish that I've made for Christmas dinner yet.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
