Maple Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/9773/maple-cookies/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease two cookie sheets. Sift flour, baking soda, and salt into a bowl. Cream butter and brown sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer. Mix in maple syrup, egg, and vanilla until well blended. Mix in flour mixture until well blended. Shape dough into 1-inch balls. Fill two cookie sheets with balls, 2 inches apart. Flatten slightly with the bottom of a glass. Sprinkle each cookie with some of the remaining sugar. Bake in the preheated oven until golden, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer to wire racks to cool. Repeat to bake remaining cookies.
These cookies needed something so I put on a maple glaze. They turned out better this way. I used 2 cups powdered sugar, 1/2 cup brown sugar, 1/4 cup maple syrup and just enough milk to make it spredable. YUMMY Bland. Tried again, adding extra sugar, spices, even tried a glaze on top. With the alterations, was ok. The cookies were good, but as others said there isn't enough maple flavour to them. I even substituted maple extract for the vanilla and used maple flakes instead of sugar on the top. Still didn't taste the maple. I might try making a maple glaze if I try them again. This recipe makes a really yummy sugar cookie, but very much lacks that maple flavor. With the addition of a maple glaze on top (and I added walnuts in the dough) they are fantastic cookies! Love the cookies but i made them the first time with a lighter grade maple syrup and the taste was weak. I did talk with the people i get my syrup from and they recommended using a very dark maple syrup with a stronger taste and the second time i made them with what was recommended to me and they were perfect These had good flavor but it was not strong enough so I added some more maple syrup and maple extract to help bring out the flavor of the maple syrup and then everyone loved them at work. These are delicious cookies but the maple didn't really come through. Like the other comments said the maple flavor was weak. It is there but it’s very subtle. I added roasted sunflower seeds to them and they worked perfectly with the subtle maple flavor. The sunflower seeds have a stronger flavor than the maple but the two go together great. These are DELICIOUS! They also came out perfect. These mixed up easy and baked beautifully.  I did add maple extract to the batter. I still didn't think it had enough maple flavor, so I added a maple glaze using powdered sugar, heavy whipping cream, maple extract, and maple syrup. I did use Better Batter gluten-free flour since my husband is celiac. I didn't have enough butter (only 1/4c) So I used heavy whipping cream and my kitchenaid to make butter . It worked perfectly. They were soft and chewy, like a cookie should be! I used the convection bake on my stove and baked 8 minutes.
