Chocolate Chocolate Chip Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/9827/chocolate-chocolate-chip-cookies-i/
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Beat sugar, butter, eggs, and vanilla in a large bowl until light and fluffy. Combine flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, and salt in another bowl; stir into butter mixture until well blended. Mix in chocolate chips and walnuts. Drop spoonfuls of dough 2 inches apart onto ungreased cookie sheets. Bake in the preheated oven just until set, 8 to 10 minutes. Cool slightly on the cookie sheets before transferring to wire racks to cool completely.
These are EXCELLENT!!! Some of the best cookies I have ever made. I did make a few changes--half margarine/half shortening (I do this with all of my cookies...for some reason my cookies can turn out flat as frisbees, this prevents that from happening), and I did half brown sugar/half white sugar. The end result? OMG, cookies of divine chocolaty-ness, to die for. Better than the local bakery's chocolate chocolate chip cookies. I'd give it more stars if I could. Happy eating! My boyfriend thinks these are the best cookies he has ever had. Used 3/4 c white sugar and 3/4 c brown sugar only change I made. Delicious and thanks for sharing. This is my favorite cookie recipe that I make for parties regularly.Easy and great everything!  Ireduce the sugar to 3/4 cup for a less sweet cookie I added butterscotch chips instead of chocolate and my family loved them! Took away the walnuts and used coconut flakes…. I used a 1-1/2 scoop. I can't keep my wife away from them. It's  a keeper! Made these substituting all butter for half butter half shortening and all white sugar for half white half brown sugars. Quick and easy to make! Will definitely be a part of the cookie rotation! Best recipe of cookies I have ever made, I’m in love! ❤️Only thing I would recommend is to bake for a little longer and use the butter cold right from the fridge ( it will be harder to mix but worth it) personally I like it better this way the dough isn’t as sticky and cookies don’t crumble in my hand when baked.I recommend this recipe 100%! These were absolutely delicious!!  My husband loved them too. : ) Followed recipe almost to a T.  Just had to vary baking times depending on the size of the cookie.
