Vanilla Glaze
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/9838/vanilla-glaze/
Mix confectioners' sugar, milk, melted butter, vanilla, and salt together until creamy.
A total MUST to increase milk to tablespoons from teaspoons otherwise, I wouldn't change a thing. This one ROCKED! It turned out perfect, was soooo simple and fool proof. Works great to spread, pipe or pour. I made this one 7 seperate times before writing review and all were perfect. The taste was right on, it poured over my bundt cakes beautifully and hardened enough to cover within 20 minutes.(cool your cake completely beforehand). The other batches were made for decorating cookies and they too were perfect each time. One batch is more than enough to lightly spread and generously pipe 2 dozen average sized cookies.  I doubled this recipe this time I made it. However, I HAVE made it as written. Both times it was too thick. I added more milk, vanilla extract and salt. This thinned it out a bit so I could pour it over my banana nut bread. DEEEEELICIOUS!!! There’s Never Enough icing on store bought cinnamon rolls !! Thanks for Sharing. Stay Safe Something is wrong with this recipe. I had to add milk and butter and melt everything over a low heat.,  It had no moisture at all to liquify anything. I love putting this on pumpkin bread. It turns out great. The consistency isn’t too hard to get, just gradually add milk, and sometimes I put in extra vanilla extract, and some seasoning depending on what I’m using it for. I will continue using this! I don't even know if you can call this a review for the recipe because between the tips and stuff I was out of; my final product bore no resemblance to the original recipe.  However, I did not know how to make a glaze at all and so this recipe and the reviewers tips gave me the basis for what I wound up with; a Grand Marnier glaze which was quite tasty.  I used one cup confectioners sugar, one tablespoon butter, one tablespoon grandmarnier, one tablespoon milk and then additional milk to desired consistency.  Did not use corn syrup or salt at all.  So, thanks for the basic outline and all the tips! It’s super easy and yummy !! Vanilla Glaze by Jamie Langston.  Add.
