Megan's Granola
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/98390/megans-granola/
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Line two large baking sheets with parchment paper or aluminum foil. Combine oats, wheat germ, oat bran, sunflower seeds, almonds, pecans, and walnuts in a large bowl. Stir oil, honey, brown sugar, maple syrup, cinnamon, vanilla, and salt together in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, then pour over dry ingredients and stir to coat. Transfer to the prepared baking sheets and spread out evenly. Bake in the preheated oven until crispy and toasted, about 20 minutes, stirring once halfway through. Let cool for 15 to 20 minutes, then stir in raisins.
There is a slight mistake on the recipe. My original calls for 1 Tablespoon (not teaspoon) of cinnamon and 1 Tablespoon of vanilla. This is probably the best granola recipe out there. I have made this at least 15 times. Once you practice enough, you can start making flavor variations, like adding coconut extract to give it a coconut flavor or many other variations. This recipe is the best possible granola recipe. Best granola ever! I always switch it up- add sesame seeds, chopped cranberry coconut! I loved this recipe and made it for Christmas gifts!   I made a ton of it!!   I'm just about to make it again for myself!    Thank you so much for this awesome recipe! I usually make a gingerbread granola but my daughter asked for vanilla, this is a definite keeper. Definitely a keeper. This granola makes a beautiful and delicious gift! My favorite fruit is tiny pieces of dried apricots mixed with chopped dried cranberries. Oh my goodness! This granola is fantastic! Even my husband loved it, and he usually hates granola. It's addicting. I didn't add the brown sugar to avoid the extra sucrose, and I don't think it's needed.  Nothing on the market is as good as this! Thanks, Megan!! Great recipe and versatile.  Been using it for years. This time, I didn't have wheat germ or bran, but I did have chia seeds and flax seeds.  Ground them in the coffee grinder to make 1.5 cups each.  Came out perfectly.  Also, we use 3/4 cup oil and 1/4 cup butter.  Never lasts long in our house and is great for gifts. The longer you let it cool the bigger the clumps will be! made it with maple syrup, sliced almonds and ras el honout.  Yum!
