Forgotten Cookies I
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/9849/forgotten-cookies-i/
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (170 degrees C). Beat egg whites with the salt until foamy. Slowly add sugar, one tablespoonful at a time, beating after each addition until the meringue stands in stiff peaks. Stir in vanilla and fold in chocolate chips. Drop by teaspoonfuls on a lined baking sheet and place in preheated oven. After 2 minutes, turn off oven. Leave meringues in oven overnight. Remove from pan and store in cookie tin lined with paper towel.
I love these! If they come out and are still a little sticky, you can put them in the pre-heated oven again until they are as crisp as you'd like. Our family has made Forgotten Cookies every Christmas since I was a child. They have never been brown like these, but a bright white instead. They were always the last thing we made—we put them in the oven when we took the previous baked item out and just turned off the oven, whatever the temperature was. The recipe is basically correct but I would add that the eggs should be room temperature before beating and the foil on the cookie sheets should be buttered so that they seal up in the bottom and release easily the next morning. I used this recipe last night when I was too lazy to get my recipe book down. What a disappointment! They’re too sticky and chewy. My usual recipe calls for 3/4 cup of sugar, 1/4 tsp salt and a 350 preheated oven. I won’t be using this one again! It was horrible! Super sticky after dolloping half of the batter, I stirred in a few milk chocolate chips (Ghirardelli are gluten-free) and then put the rest on the cookie sheet. Left them in the oven 4 minutes before turning it off, and left the cookies in there about 15 hours. They were too soft and chewy for me, so put them back in at 200 for 10 minutes or so. That worked! I made these just last night.  Was a little nervous, as I've never done these types of cookies before, but they turned out beautifully. Crispy outside, almost marshmallow inside. A few minor things - I beat in the vanilla, just like the sugar. I used mini-chips.  Made for easy folding, and placement on the cookie sheet (they're very close set cookies).  I'm not sure I would have had the same ease with regular chips, so I'm gunna go out on a limb, and reccommend you use mini-chips.  I also used an air-bake cookie sheet - for those that don't know about them their purpose is to, more or less, get a consistent browning all around a cookie.  But to accomplish this cookies bake a little longer on this type of cookie sheet by about 2 to 5 minutes.  So .. I set the timer for 3 minutes, not 2, and then turned the oven off.  And, thankfully, the browning was consistent, and not overdone.  :)  Happy baking! I've been making this recipe for over 20 years.  I recently learning you can keep the oven on at 150 degrees and bake for 2 hours to hurry up the process. Tasty but needed more time in the morning to brown on top and still be chewy in the middle. Great, easy recipe!  I let my stand mixer do all the work and in the morning had a delicious treat waiting for me!
