Chocolate Crinkle Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/9861/chocolate-crinkles-ii/
Gather ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix sugar, cocoa, and oil together in a medium bowl. Beat in eggs, one at a time, until combined. Stir in vanilla. Combine flour, baking powder, and salt in another bowl. Gradually stir flour mixture into the cocoa mixture until thoroughly mixed. Cover dough and refrigerate for at least 4 hours. otdash Meredith Food Studio Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line two cookie sheets with parchment paper. Roll or scoop chilled dough into 1-inch balls. Coat each ball in confectioners' sugar and place 1 inch apart on the prepared cookie sheets. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven for 10 to 12 minutes. Let stand on the cookie sheet for a few minutes before transferring to wire racks to cool. otdash Meredith Food Studio Repeat Steps 4 and 5 to make remaining batches. Enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS
This is a yummy-foolproof cookie recipe. To intensify the chocolate "experience," I added 1/2 cup melted bittersweet chocolate and used dutch-processed cocoa powder. For those who are having trouble with the top cracking, here's a tip: Place your cookie sheet on the second to-the-top rack and only bake one cookie sheet at a time. The hot heat at the top of the oven enables the cookie to crack. This trick also works for ginger snaps. I absolutely love this recipe! It was easy to follow and I like how it didn’t have butter because usually the butter takes a long time to soften. In regards to the 4 hour refrigeration, I think it was helpful but of course after a little outside the refrigerator it starts to soften again. I recommend that when rolling the dough into balls you coat your hands in powdered sugar so it doesn’t stick to your hands. When you coat your hands I recommend using a thicker layer because the sugar is gonna go on the cookies anyways. I would also put some powdered sugar on your baking pan or surface to also insure it doesn’t stick to the pan. Overall I absolutely love this recipe and it makes quite a few amazing cookies. I received many compliments for how soft they were. I also received compliments on how the cookies had a brownie sort of taste. Really some amazing cookies if that’s what you like! I have taken this to many outings and always get rave reviews. I did use coconut oil for my vegetable oil (melting it before adding).  It gives a great mild coconut taste  that everyone seems to love. Be sure no one is allergic to coconut before serving.  Also, I put the dough into the freezer for an hour or so before baking instead of refrigerating and it works. My Grandkids eat them all in one afternoon Easy and delicious! I made two cookie sheets worth and froze the rest of the dough for another day. Love it made it many times My children LOVE this cookie, and, because of that, this is my go-to recipe for friends, neighbors, and bake sales.  Whenever I bake them, I always get asked for the recipe! Wonderful! These are amazing. After a few tries with messy rolling into balls, I figured out a trick. Use a plastic tablespoon measuring spoon. The batter does not stick. Drop it right into the powdered sugar and then roll into a ball, pressing the sugar into it good. Worked like a charm and no messy fingers and hands. Everyone went crazy for these! Great cookies. This makes a huge batch!  Next time I'll halve the recipe.  Variations I like: Roll them in granulated sugar instead of confectioner's for a bit of a sparkle.  I also love to add cinnamon (for a batch this size 1 tablespoon) and a pinch of cayenne pepper for a Mexican flavor profile: yum!
