Easy Sugar Cookies
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/9870/easy-sugar-cookies/
Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). otdash Meredith Food Studio Stir flour, baking soda, and baking powder together in a small bowl. otdash Meredith Food Studio Beat sugar and butter together in a large bowl with an electric mixer until smooth. otdash Meredith Food Studio Beat in egg and vanilla. otdash Meredith Food Studio Gradually blend in flour mixture. otdash Meredith Food Studio Roll dough into walnut-sized balls and place 2 inches apart onto ungreased baking sheets. otdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until edges are golden, 8 to 10 minutes. Cool on the baking sheets briefly before removing to a wire rack to cool completely.
YUM...the easiest and the best-tasting sugar cookie recipe i've tried. I like the fact that you don't have to refrigerate the dough for hours before actually baking. Because of that, you can't cut them into shapes. But if you're happy with just round cookies, then this is the recipe for you. ALSO, if you like soft cookies, make sure you take them out in 8 minutes, even though they won't be a golden brown. Ten minutes and they turn crunchy after they've cooled. Make them tonight - they're SO easy and most everyone should have the ingredients in their pantry. I’ve had great success with this cookie recipe as a base. I’ve made some adjustments for my own liking. I use vanilla bean paste instead of extract, split the dough into 3rds and flavor with various freeze dried fruits ( strawberries, raspberries & blueberries ) leave some vanilla & flavor another 3rd with unsweetened cocoa powder for a NeoPolitan style sugar cookie.I also recommend refrigerating your dough first or measure out your cookies , shape them and freeze them before your cook them. The cookies stay thicker and chewier with a nice crust. i love these cookies! ive been making them for a while and always forget to review!some reccomendations : dont completly melt the butter or the dough wont form well! soften it til it is soft enough to mix into the suger but not still hard! ( unsalted butter tastes the best )make sure to seperate dry ingredients from wet ingredients or it will all be messed up!i hope these help and heres a pic of the cookies i just made! Absolutely DELICIOUS! I made it in quarantine because I was bored and was craving something sweet and I was able to turn it into a gluten free sugar cookie by using a one-for-one gluten free all-purpose flour. Now my mom can actually enjoy a good cookie without worrying about the ingredients. They were absolutely amazing, and using 2 teaspoons of vanilla instead of one, they were spectacular! My brother keeps on asking me for more and I am definitely going to make the ALL the time! Thank you so much. really tasty cookie and I used soft almost melted butter but next time i make these i will be trying butter flavored Crisco Delicious, my family loved them. Micro'd butter to liquid, I added 2 eggs, and 2 tablespoons vanilla. Used a teaspoon to scoop up, dough was easy to work with, and make in to balls. Rolled those in sugar, Pressed down a small bit with a glass, baked on parchment paper for 7 minutes. They spread a bit but room for 3 a row. After sitting for a few crispy outside, gewy inside yum. Ok so as I was making these cookies I accidentally added 1tsp of peppermint extract instead of vanilla & thought "Oh man how can I save this dough?" I decided to add 2/3 cup of coco powder & 1/2 tsp of vanilla extract & wahh-lahh. Best Chocolate Peppermint Cookies ever! (and if you want to get cute)*Roll the refrigerated dough into 1inch balls & roll through powdered sugar just before baking & just like that CHOCOLATE PEPPERMINT CRINKLE COOKIES! *Best baking mistake I ever made :) *Super easy to make & I followed tips & used completely mushy softened butter-musta' worked cause they are DELICIOUS. I substituted some of the vanilla for orange extract and added some dried cranberries... Oh Sweet Jesus. Delicious. I've made these several times with good success. I've used it with cinamon sugar to make a quick snicker doodle, which the family really enjoys.Just an FYI, the reason I'm writing this review is because last night I accidentally melted the butter instead of softening it. You should know that if you try to bake the cookies imediately therafter, they'll come out thin and probably a little extra crispy.So, I just finished the dough and put it in the regrigerator for an hour or so. They backed up perfectly after that. This recipe is almost fool proof in my opinion. These were amazing.. I did, however, change a few things.. I substituted half of the butter with softened cream cheese, and I used half splenda half regular white sugar. I used a splash more vanilla as well.. and these turned out amazing.. A tip.. take some parchment paper and mold your dough into a log shape, roll it up and put it in the fridge for about an hour. Then all you have to do is cut the dough into slices and place on the cookie sheet. I baked at 350 for 10 minutes. I have tried all kinds of sugar cookie recipes and this one is spot on Best recipe for sugar cookies EVER.everone at a place wanted one Nothing I used lemon extract and lemon zest and made them lemon. This has become my go-to for sugar cookies and everyone loves them.  I generally use the basic recipe; but sometimes add a bit extra vanilla and a quarter teaspoon of cinnamon.  Tonight I thought I would try adding a teaspoon of pure 'honey with ginger' and a quarter teaspoon of cinnamon and it was worth trying.  Haven't had a bad experience with this recipe yet. Half teasoon more vanilla, 370 degrees convection, 11 minutes...perfect. This recipe has 1 gram of protein meaning I am about to get buff. 💪🏻 this recipe might've been amazing if i wasn't an idiot and forgot the baking powder. they came out as sweet biscuits…
