Maine Lobster Lasagna
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/98974/maine-lobster-lasagna/
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease a 9x13-inch baking dish. Place ricotta cheese into a large bowl. Stir in 1 cup Cheddar, 1/2 cup mozzarella, 1/2 cup Parmesan, and eggs. Mix in onion, parsley, garlic, and pepper. Spread 1 1/2 cups Alfredo sauce over the bottom of the prepared baking dish. Top with a layer of 4 lasagna noodles. Arrange 1/3 of the lobster meat over noodles, then cover with 1/3 of the spinach and another layer Alfredo sauce. Repeat layers twice more: noodles, lobster meat, spinach, and sauce. Sprinkle remaining Cheddar, mozzarella, and Parmesan over top. Give the whole pan a gentle shake to get everything settled in. Cover the baking dish loosely with foil and bake in the preheated oven for 45 minutes. Remove the foil and continue baking until cheese is browned, about 10 more minutes. Let stand for 10 minutes before serving.
Wow! This recipe is outrageous! I made a large amount for 14 people (mostly men), and they all came back for seconds! I only had 3 small pieces left from a huge pan. Eveyone wanted the recipe. I tasted the Alfredo sauce in the jar, and didn't think it tasted like real Alfredo. I made my sauce from the Knorr dried Alfredo sauce packages, and used half milk & half 1/2 & 1/2 to make it richer. I also added some grated fresh Parmesan. It was difficult finding lobster here (expensive & frozen), so I opted for some lobster, large shrimp and crab.Don't hesitate on making this. You will be a culinary star! To use family and friends to make it How can you submit a recipe with jarred store-bought sauce??? And how/why would you use jarred store-bought sauce with a lobster recipe?  I made my own sauce and this turned out ok. Excellent flavors. Not clearly written regarding how to incorporate the cheese mix with the rest, so I decided to include it as a layer, then top with the extra cheese as directed. The cheeses did not overwhelm the delicate lobster. Made half and it would have served 8 amply. I used half the amount of ricotta. Loved this. I added the egg cheese mixture to each layer but the instructions aren’t clear as to whether that should be done. Very good.   I used spiny lobster and added in some lionfish meat as well.  My tip is make sure your have a tall baking pan, otherwise you'll be doing a bit of oven cleaning afterwards :-) Special occasion dinner. Very well received and enjoyed. Made it for Christmas Family Party Meal. I made this recipe (but half the lobster and used an 8x8 pan), and i thought it was great! Added a seasoning packet that came with the lobster, no salt needed! I made this for dinner party of 11 and it was  a perfect amount!  Use the Alfredo Sauce recite from Allrecipes.  Everyone loved it!  It is delish! Very rich and delicious!
