Peanut Butter Blossoms
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/9920/peanut-blossoms-ii/
Gather all ingredients. llrecipes/Victoria Jempt Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease cookie sheets. Cream together shortening, peanut butter, brown sugar, and 1 cup white sugar in a large bowl until smooth. llrecipes/Victoria Jempt Beat in eggs one at a time, then stir in milk and vanilla. llrecipes/Victoria Jempt llrecipes/Victoria Jempt Combine flour, baking soda, and salt; stir into peanut butter mixture until well blended. llrecipes/Victoria Jempt Shape spoonfuls of dough into balls and roll in remaining 1/2 cup white sugar. Place cookies 2 inches apart on the prepared cookie sheets. llrecipes/Victoria Jempt llrecipes/Victoria Jempt Bake in the preheated oven for 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from the oven and immediately press a chocolate kiss into each cookie. llrecipes/Victoria Jempt Allow to cool completely; the kiss will harden as it cools. ictoria Jempty/Allrecipe
This recipe is awesome!! I've been using the same one for years, with just a few variations: (1) For a slightly more moist and chewy cookie, use butter in place of the shortening (no, they do not come out flat this way - they maintain their shape perfectly). The flavor of the butter also helps take the taste of these cookies to a whole new level!! (2) Bake them at 350 degrees for 8 minutes, pull them out of the oven and put the kisses on them, then put them back in the oven for 1.5 to 2 additional minutes. If you do this, the chocolate takes on a new, slightly softer texture once it cools. It still hardens, but not QUITE as hard; and it suits the cookies much better when it's time for eating. Whether you take my advice or follow the posted recipe, I urge you to try these cookies. You won't be disappointed! This is THE classic Peanut Butter Blossoms recipe, and everyone you feed them to will love them :) I had never made nor even eaten these before and am not practiced at making cookies from scratch so this was a little intimidating for me. I really wanted to make them as gifts for the holidays so I dove in. I followed the instructions nearly exactly (butter instead of shortening) and was happily surprised they came out perfectly! They are delicious and were received really well. My only tips are to use a very large bowl as this recipe makes  a LOT of dough, if you roll into balls the size of a superball (use of a melon baller would be good to keep the size uniform), you will indeed have more than 7 dz cookies. Perhaps put half the dough in the fridge while you're rolling the other half as it will take a long time and the dough will begin to get tacky with the heat of the kitchen and being in your hands. Don't look for the cookies to brown or color when cooking, they'll be overdone by that point. Just cook for the time specified, take them out and immediately put the kisses on, don't wait. I used both milk and dark chocolate kisses. I preferred the taste of the dark chocolate ones but I did notice the dark chocolate melts more, losing the kiss shape and they take a lot longer to cool and resolidify. Point being, different chocolate flavors may result in different aesthetics besides flavors. These were a lot easier to make than I thought and they turned out great, everyone loved them. Soft chewy texture, not overly sweet even with the sugar coating and they keep really well, staying soft in a tin or ziplock bag for a couple weeks at least. These are even good without the chocolate on top as just peanut butter cookies. I will definitely make these again. I used butter and it turned out great. I also use mini peanut butter cups. This is a family favorite. It makes A LOT of cookies I’d say one batch makes 60 (I doubled the recipe but probably didn’t need to) if you’re using a scoop to keep the size consistent.Parchment paper makes cleanup a breeze. These were easy to make and came out great. I did 1/2 butter and 1/2 shortening. I also rolled them in colored sugar for Christmas. Excellent peanut butter cookies.   I make kiss blossoms, jam filled thumb print, and just plain peanut butter cookies.  So much better than the 3 ingredient peanut butter  cookies! Delicious cookies, perfect recipe! Perfect for a fun activity during the holidays, and prefect for my kids to learn how to bake. I made them for Christmas and wanted them to “sparkle” so I rolled them in decorators sparkle sugar and used a small cookie scoop to make sure they were the right size and baked them on parchment paper instead of a greased cookie sheet. It made 90 cookies. Love the sparkle the decorators sugar gave them! I used 1/2 butter and 1/2 shortening and followed another’s suggestion to bake 8 minutes and remove to top with kisses and bake an additional 2 minutes. I’m quite pleased with the results. I definitely will make these again. So good, came out perfect. I used butter instead of shortening but did the rest the same.
