Cucumber and Avocado Sushi
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/99204/cucumber-and-avocado-sushi/
Combine water and rice in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Cover, reduce the heat to low, and simmer until rice is tender and water has been absorbed, about 20 minutes. Remove from the heat, stir in vinegar and salt, and set aside to cool for at least 5 minutes. Cover a bamboo sushi mat with plastic wrap to keep rice from sticking. Place one nori sheet over the plastic. Spread rice evenly onto nori sheet, leaving about a 1/2 inch uncovered at the bottom. Arrange cucumber and avocado across the center of the rice. Lift the mat, roll over cucumber and avocado once, and press down. Unroll, then roll again towards the uncovered end of the nori to make a long roll. Seal roll with a little water if necessary. Repeat to make remaining rolls. Use a sharp, wet knife to slice each roll into 6 pieces.
My roommate and I used this recipe as a base (and motivational factor in making sushi at all) for our own sushi. Although we didn't have cucumber and avocado sushi, I am giving this recipe a 5 because we wouldn't have otherwise made it without this recipe inspiring confidence (this is a VERY easy dish). We used things we had in the fridge to make our own "unique" sushi rolls. They included (1) Pepperoni Pizza Sushi Roll: Use several pepperoni to make a line on the rice, add some mozzarella, a line of spagetti or tomato sauce (we used tomato basil sauce we had left over), sprinkle with crushed red pepper and garlic salt; (2) Roast Beef Sushi Roll: a line of roast beef (we used sandwich meat) on the sushi roll, a line of cream cheese, and a line of red bell pepper; (3) Turkey Sushi Roll: a line of sandwich turkey, line of avacado, line of wasabi sauce, line of cream cheese. We also had several dipping sauces on hand, eg soy sauce, wasabi sauce, and spicy ranch (we couldn't find sushi mayo). It was delicious, we are making more this week for a dinner party. My boyfriend and his best friend stopped by during our meal and also LOVED the sushi! Tasty, still working on rolling. My family loves this recipe This recipe is amazing and my children loved it. I’m allergic to all things fish and shellfish so I was so happy at our favorite japanese place I found out they had these and even happier when I tried them and they were amazing. These were just as good. I put more filling than instructed but not so much it would break. It looked more like the ones I get there. Love this roll. very easy. Half the amount of rice vinegar1 tbs sugarSubstituted some rice with riced edamame beansUsed English cucumber I added in some carrot shreds, as well as some sugar snap peas, and it was delicious! I made this sushi and it was fabulous! I didn't have sushi rice OR rice vinegar. Instead, I used regular white rice and white vinegar and the sushi rolls turned out just fine; I loved them. I will make these again! I'm a vegetarian, my parents aren't so I did add imitation crab to half of my sushi batch for my parents. I also noticed that I didn't have enough rice cooked for 4 sheets of nori to be filled and the last one wasn't fully stuffed like the others. Next time, I'll make more rice! Overall, I love this so so much!! YUMMY!!!!!! My sister and I made these with Perfect Sushi Rice from this site. We did 2 California Rolls...with the imatation crab, cucumber (we used an English cuke), avacado. We also did 2 rolls with fresh Yellowfin Tuna from the fish dept. of our food store. This tuna was so fresh and mild...tasted like butter. Excellent! The tuna rolls we also added the cukes and avacado. We found our Nori seaweed in the Asian section of our food store....no problem. Served with wasabi and low sodium soy. Also made Japanese Soup with Tofu and Mushooms from this site and Vegetarian Dumplings from Alton Brown on Food Network for a complete meal. Thanks!
