Perfect Sushi Rice
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/99211/perfect-sushi-rice/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Rinse the rice in a strainer or colander under cold running water until the water runs clear. otdash Meredith Food Studio Combine rice and water in a saucepan over medium-high heat and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low, cover, and cook until rice is tender and all water has been absorbed, about 20 minutes. Remove from stove and set aside until cool enough to handle. otdash Meredith Food Studio Meanwhile, combine rice vinegar, oil, sugar, and salt in a small saucepan over medium heat. Cook until the sugar has dissolved. Allow to cool. Then stir into the cooked rice. While mixture will appear very wet at first, keep stirring and rice will dry as it cools. otdash Meredith Food Studio Then stir into the cooked rice. While mixture will appear very wet at first, keep stirring and rice will dry as it cools. otdash Meredith Food Studio Enjoy! OTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIO
this had a great ratio of ingredients! a good tip that i have about cooking sushi rice perfectly if you have a rice cooker is after rinsing your rice, put your hand flat on top of the rice and allow the water to fill until it just covers your hand. a japanese friend taught me that, and it has turned out perfectly every time, even when my husband does it, and he has much larger hands than I do! Recipe needs to half the amount of vinegar and use 3x less sugar. I use Mirin instead of the vinegar and sugar.... much better taste than the vinegar. This recipe is excellent. I've used it half a dozen times with just a pot on the stove and it works great every time. I did make one change which for me, was a game changer. Instead of using vegetable oil in the flavor mix, I use 1 teaspoon of TOASTED sesame oil. All I can say is WOW!.If you do try it just be mindful of nut allergies. But I'm telling you it's worth even making a separate batch!Enjoy! Great flavor, I substituted the white sugar for light brown sugar and it tasted fantastic. Will be doing this again. Also added all the ingredients to my rice cooker in sushi rice setting. Fast and easy I usually use about half or a little more of the seasonings for the rice. One cup of rice makes about 3 rolls. TIPS!! During the boiling stage, stir rice to prevent sticking to the bottom of the pot! Turn fire ALL THE WAY DOWN. After 20 minutes, turn off fire and DO NOT LIFT LID for 10 more minutes! Turn rice carefully into a wide shallow bowl. USE A WOODEN SPOON to carefully stir in vinegar solution slowly - a little at a time using a "sawing" motion with the spoon! I doubled this, using 4 cups rice and 4 1/2 cups water. I soak the rice all day in water. Drain, then add measured water. I cooked mine in a rice cooker. Once the rice cooks, I warmed 4 Tbsp rice vinegar and 4 Tbsp sugar in the microwave for 45 secs and mixed that into the rice. This is wonderful for musubis! great sushi rice recipe,the only thig I changed was the vinegar not the amount but I used falvored rice vinegar,the roasted garlic one for added flavor and everyone that has tried it loves it,even the ones that said they don't like sushi esp. my husband who at once said he didn't think sushi had much flavor (when he tried it when I ordered it out)but with the flavored rice vinegar he loves it and even comes home from work asking for it! A few tips- if you're making a larger batch, omit the vegetable oil, and add some slices of orange and lemon, including the rind, to the vinegar mixture. You'll also want to add a piece of kelp, if you can find it (try an asian grocery store). Let that sit overnight so that the flavors can come out. A good grade of rice is medium grain California extra fancy sushi rice. When you mix the rice and vinegar mixture together, do it in a wooden bowl (unsealed) with a wooden rice paddle or wide spoon- this helps keep the moisture level in the rice perfect. If you're very into making sushi, there are traditional bowls made specifically for this, they look like the bottom part of a wooden barrel and have a metal band going around the side. You'll also want to pour the vinegar mixture over a spoon into the cooked rice so that it's sprinkled evenly, otherwise you'll end up with clumps of plain rice and this can make it difficult to spread the finished rice onto the nori (sushi seaweed). Great recipe! My daughter used this as a 4-H Fair entry and won Grand Champion. Only addition/change she made was to use Sesame Oil for the vegetable oil. We even have a local restaurant changing their rice recipe with the sesame oil. YUM! This recipe has a good ratio of ingredients - I like my rice a bit on the vinegary side, I guess. The only changes I made were to cut out the oil and to add everything to the water in the beginning in stead of cooking the sugar/vinegar mixture seperately. This allows the flavors to really sink in, and it makes the whole process easier, too. I put ground beef, seasonal cheeses, mustard and sauerkraut in my vinegar rice pierogi, and it turned out awful... must have been the rice. This recipe sucks! It was great This recipe cooks the rice perfectly, but it was missing some love and flavor. I would add a little more than 1tsp of salt and maybe add a couple more TB of sugar. I typically make this for my kids for onigiri, so they like it more on the sweet side. I also would've like to use mirin with this recipe, that way i wouldn't have to make too many tweaks. However, the recipe isn't bad overall. Instead of doing a half cup vinegar, I did a quarter cup vinegar and a quarter cup of Mirin. The best sushi rice I have ever tasted! I did add just a little bit extra sugar as well. I cut down the amount of vinegar, sugar, and oil as per the previous comments, and this came out so well!  A lot easier than I expected.  4/5 because of the tweaks, but a great recipe with them. Way too much vinegar. I experienced a bad heartburn afterwards. Look for a different recipe or use half the amount indicated- same with the sugar and oil. Keep the salt according with the original instructions. Perfect. Next time,  I'll decrease the rice vinegar by a couple of teaspoons, but that's just us.It is easy and very, very good. works perfect every time but I do cut the vinegar, sugar and oil in half...
