Peanut Butter Bars
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/9999/peanut-butter-bars-i/
Gather all ingredients. otdash Meredith Food Studio Mix together graham cracker crumbs, confectioners' sugar, butter or margarine, and 1 cup peanut butter in a medium bowl until well-blended. otdash Meredith Food Studio Press evenly into the bottom of an ungreased 9x13-inch pan. otdash Meredith Food Studio Place chocolate chips and 4 tablespoons peanut butter in a microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on high, stirring every 15 seconds, until smooth. otdash Meredith Food Studio Spread mixture over crust. otdash Meredith Food Studio Refrigerate for at least 1 hour before cutting into 12 squares. otdash Meredith Food Studio
These have become an absolute staple in my house! Also, it is my total standard recipe for 'gotta-bring-something-sweet' to 'fill-in-the-blank'. SO easy, SO fast and terrific for satisfying those cravings. I chill the peanut butter base for 15 or 20 minutes before topping with the chocolate so the warm chocolate doesn't melt into the peanut butter too much, making spots of too thick chocolate and leaving other areas spread too thin! These bars are fantastic! Though I did make some changes, two sticks of butter is way too much, might be what led to some of the neg reviews..one stick is plenty.Next was to add what I have always hoped for from Reese's, a tsp of salt to the peanut butter mix! Just perfect!I have also made the peanut butter mix wi/ot the topping, freeze and break into 1/2-1/4 pieces and add to a chocolate ice cream recipe! Oh Boy! Very easy to make!  I’d make it with my grandkids for an after school math activity. Make it challenging and divide the recipe in half.  Make memories! Loved it family favorite! Delicious and easy. We made these in the food processor. I might reduce the sugar next time (but my kids disagree). This recipe is BETTER than that famous candy!  It is so easy to make with few ingredients and I will definitely make this again.  Thank you! Even my picky son loved them!  Very rich and creamy.   Cut the squares into smaller pieces.  Added a little more peanut butter just  because.  Next time I am thinking of melting extra chocolate to make a bottom layer and have peanut butter in between.    I used a food processor instead of stand mixer.
